
Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did.


Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive. And 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This Is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko


Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


The Volume, TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six.


Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. Drafting customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of FL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wow. Wow. Wow. What a game. What a classic Alabama takes down Georgia. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Uncle Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite number 85 Liberty City's Zone. The Rock runner extraordinaire. The Bal Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro bowler, the all pro led the league in receiving the A FC. Yeah. Numerous times. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson Pointer Row. Pointer Row. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Remember every subscriber matters. And, we like to thank you.


I would like to thank you personally and OCHO for helping us matter. It's because of you. All the awards that you see in the backdrop is because of you. And so thank you so much for our success, but we could not have done it without you. And so now I want to take this time to personally thank you from UNC OCHO and Nightcap Crew. Yeah, thank you so much. Our loyal fans. Thank you. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock. If you we're gonna be in about 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're not currently in a state or sitting near you, you can order it from our site and we'll ship it directly to your door. Thank you again. Please go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out, UNC and OCHO teams are in stock.


If you ordered merch in the last three weeks, it began shipping out. It shipped out last week. So it started shipping out late Thursday, early Friday. And so we are gonna continue until we get all and let us know. Hit us up. You can go to Shehe Media, you can hit us up at Nightcap. You can hit me up personally to let us know that you've started receiving your merch And. we greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Ocho your janky ass almost jinxed him. Can someone tell we can start Nightcap early because Alabama got this? Yeah. Yeah. I mean listen, that's that's what I thought it was. Listen, the game was lopsided. The whole, the whole first half. I had no idea that they were gonna mismanage the clock and allow Georgia to get back into the game.


This is, this is the rule, rule of thumb for coaches. Don't take your foot off the gas. You allowed them to get back in the game. The game shouldn't even been that close. Continue to run the same offense you running. It's hard OCHO to Do that. There was no need. It's a lot easier. There was no need to come off the gas. Huh? It's a lot easier said than done. We watched this in a Super Bowl. Yeah. A team be up 28 to three and still try to be aggressive. Right. And it bit him in the butt. You put Matt riding in the shotgun. The guy misses the block. You cost him a fumble. Did you hear What you said? Key word. You saw a team still try to be aggressive. Alabama team tried to be aggressive. They were very vanilla the second half. But they didn't be aggressive. They won. The other team was aggressive and lost.


Now which would you rather be? The thing is, the way I look at it and what I try to explain to people, Ocho is like, look. Yeah. When you have the momentum, how much separation can you put between you and the team that you have the momentum? Because eventually they're going to get it. They're going to get the momentum. Yes, sir. And when they do, how much distance have you separated yourself enough right now? Alabama. Because what happened? They got conservative. Your defense, they couldn't get off the field on fourth down ojo. Right. Georgia was one for 13 on third down, but they were five for five on fourth down fourth. Yeah. Your defense can't get off the field. Your offense can't stay on the field.


So Georgia's keeping you on the field. 10, 12 plays, Alabama's going three and out. Right. So you're bringing that tired defense right back on the field. Yeah. What do you think is gonna happen? Yeah. And so the next thing you know, now you are out a rhythm. The other team is in rhythm and now you're holding on for dear life. So I get it. It's a lot. I'm telling you, having been in both situations out your, I believe it's easier to play from behind than it is with a lead because you could throw caution to the win. Yeah. Oh, so we already down 27, so what the hell I gotta lose. Let let it rip, Let it rip and Rip. And you, you know, you know what's funny? Why couldn't Georgia play the way they did in the second half when you throwing caution to the wind and start off the game like that?


Storm off the game like that. But I, I think, listen, if if you, if you were to write this story again or write how you would want this game to go, there was no better ending than the one they had tonight. There was Back to back big played this, This, this, this has to be the best collegiate game of the year. And I'm not sure there's another, another game that will top it this year based on what we saw tonight. What we saw tonight was unbelievable. Yeah. You got too heavy weight for I Thought the game was over on. I left, I stopped watching the game and went and had a cigar break. I went and took a cigar break. I come back in and Georgie got the lead. I'm like, wait a minute, but what happened? Well, Now I gotta rewind my TV back and then, and then, and let it run forward to catch back up Alabama dbs and then defensive back.


Yeah, bro, stop celebrating when you break. If you can make a pick, make the pick. Right. In fact, they, that's the difference between the, the the good corners and the great corners. Yeah. Ed Reed was a safety, but he came down with the ball. Yeah. Prime came down with the ball. Rod Wilson, Charles Woodson. It's not good enough. I'm doing my No, no, no, no. I'm trying to take these possessions, the defensive possessions and turn 'em into points. So that's the Alabama, you know, oh, you strapping them down. But you do realize they got two more, they got two more downs to try to get a first down or maybe a touchdown. So while you celebrating and you should a you happy, but bro, if you can get your hands on the ball, bro, you gotta come down with it. Yeah. Like the DB did in the last play, the last play of the game.


That was a big time play. A freshman at that. Yeah. A freshman at that. And I, I like, I like that he played to a strength too. I'm not, I'm wondering if it was the defensive coordinators choice to have him play off on that so we can get his head so we can get his head, get his head around, bounce around and on the ball as opposed to being impressed and be playing from trail and then having to turn around and look and losing the ball. Right. That's one of the reasons why he got that pick. But another thing I wanna say about, about DBS is 95% of DBS play not to get beat. Yes. And there's a small percentage, about 5% of them that play to make a play. And that that, that small percentage, that 5% are those that always turn out to be great.


Always turn out to be great. That's the biggest difference between a college DB and A NFL db Yeah. Is the ability to attract the football. Oh Yeah. Ball the really good, you hey, you know, after certain, Hey, if you notice, watch, watch the really great D NFL dbs watch how soon they'll like jam turn. They'll start looking too Head back, head back right away. The ball's gotta be coming up. You too far down the field for the ball not to be coming. Yeah. And so that's, that's one of the difference. And the skillset. Yeah. It is a skill. Yeah. I can't teach you that you are born with that. That is innate ed re's ability to find the football. Oh yeah. Prime ability to find the football. Rod Wilson, Charles Wilson, any of these great corners.


Trayvon Diggs. Yeah. That is God Gilbert. Hey, Trayvon is the goddamn ball hole. That's, that's God. I can't teach you that ojo. That's Interesting. It's, and people don't understand that. And I made the comparison today. If you watch Travis Hunter Yeah. His ball skills are comparable to a Ed re because you think about it, he's made like two or three of those interceptions. He's like, he's playing off and he watches the corner and he's diving and laying out. You watch him undercut that ball at Colorado, at Colorado State. Yeah. That's, Bro, everybody can do that. That's, that's pure instinct to be able to come off, to be able to come off that and know it's coming. Yes. That's pure instincts.


You, you know who, you remind me of another player that has pure instinct, pure instinct and superior ball skills that doesn't get the credit they deserve. That guy Asante, Samuel. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That goddamn Asante Samuel. Oh yeah, for sure. And Revis is another one who doesn't get the credit. We know he's in the hall of Fame. We understand how great he is. We understand what he did that 2009 season and locking up all the all time greats. But his ball skills, his ball skill, his technique, his patience, he ride you. And once you get past 10 yards, man, that head come around so goddamn fast. Yes. You'd be able to locate that ball. And that's what half his interceptions came from. Yeah. But see the thing is with him, like those other guys, you could tell they were offensive guys because when they, they got, Hey, they ain't trying to knock it down.


Re was trying to take it. Oh yeah. Trying to pick it and go to the house and go To the house every time. Brian, Woody, if you look at those guys, that's why you see them guys. 7, 8, 9, 10 return to returns for touchdown. Yeah. Because they're trying to take defense and automatically turn it into offense. Yeah. And that is a, that is a God gift. I can't teach you that, son. I can't teach you how to find the ball. I just can't, I can't teach you to like, no. Okay, here's this, this is a two by one. They're gonna try to overlap this. I gotta play two by one. Yes. I got the, the inside. I gotta make sure the inside. Yeah. Because I got the outside guy. I got two by one because I gotta worry about the sea also. Ocho, come on. But I got the go route. Oh yeah, yeah. I know what y'all tried to do.


I I got this two by one. I'm gonna overlap you. Yeah. I'm gonna make you think I ain't got this scene, but I'm gonna pick it when you throw it. Yeah. So Oh yeah. It is, it is, it is. It is a unbelievable game. Tonight, Alabama, Jalen Mill Road was sensational again. 27 to 33, 3 74, 2 touchdowns. He had an interception. Yeah. The tight end has to understand on the pick, on the pick, he needs to widen because Jalen Mill Monroe can see what he can't, if he'd have led him, he wouldn't have finished the rest of the game because that linebacker Yeah. Would with a decapitated mojo. Yeah. And so that's what you have to do. You have to widen the guy. Widen him. So Jalen ro can fit in in that.


So he, that's why he put it on his back shoulder because if he'd have him, Yeah. Oh, you'd been out. Oh, For sure. Yeah, for sure. This it's very smart on mirrors part to know that. Yes. The slow sometimes, listen, a quarterback can save you every time. Yes. A quarterback that he's doing can save you every time. Y that that, that's the thing. The ones that can save you, because anytime you get a collision, it's the quarterback's fault. Oh Yeah. Because he can see what you can't, I'm trusting you that you're not gonna lead me to harm. I'm trusting you. I'm gonna do everything I can. Either I'm gonna catch it or I'm gonna break it up. All I ask you is not have the ambulance come on the field to get me. And so, so you're absolutely right.


But the tight end, he needs to understand when he's young, you talk about something that I I over years ocho to know. Yeah. To widen. And sometimes you gotta get, you gotta, you know, you gotta get hit in your head to understand that, that it hurts. Oh yeah. Widen the guy. Give Jalen Melrose some room to protect you from the inside guy. But he went in there hard. Jalen Melrose tried to back shoulder him. He popped it up and in the process he was about to catch it. But the DB hit it. Yeah. And now, hey, that safety for Georgia 17. Yeah. He could play. Yeah. I think it's 16 or 17. The, the, the white. Which, which one was it? Because he got a pic he could play. Yeah, no, he could play. He gonna play on Sundays. Oh Yeah.


Most definitely. Yeah. He got that accountability anytime. I see. And you don't see, you don't see a whole lot of, he got skills. This is the funny thing about it. When you talk about going to the next level, this is the closer you gonna get to an NFL game. Because all the talent that are that, that are on the scene, if you can stand out on film in a game like this, when in Georgia, when in Georgia, Alabama where it's a bunch of 5, 4, 4 star, five star players and you stand out on film, like the safety you just called out. Yeah. Or you special. Yes. That young bull. Listen, that young bull that received, that's only 17 years Old. Yep. That Ryan Williams. Ryan Williams. Man, listen man, Ryan Williams, I know you gonna see this. Listen, I know you ain't old enough to Frank.


I know you ain't old enough to party, but when you see this boy, I need you to send me a dm. I need a jersey sign. I need a jersey sign. If I don't get a jersey signed in less than 24 hours, if you don't send me a DM in less than 24 hours, you ain't getting none of that NIL money. Matter of fact, hold on. I know, I know. We talking about Alabama, Georgia, right? Yeah. I got mess. I got a message for two more players. Hold on. So they know. I mean, business, hold on. Huh? Because they think I, oh yeah, hold on. But there was a big time game. There's a lot of big time talent on the field. There's a, this, this game was littered with four and five star recruits. You look at the offense and defensive line, you look at the skill position, you look at the linebackers. This is a, I mean, there's a reason why Georgia and Alabama NA nationally, year in and year out in the top five in recruiting.


Because when you play the brand of football and they see all those guys going to the NFL from the University of Georgia, from the University of Alabama, same thing with Ohio State and some of those Big 10 team, Hey, hey, I wanna be like that. Hey, I wanna be like Amar Cooper, I wanna be like Jerry Judy and all these other guys that went from Alabama. Who was it? Calvin Ridley. And so I look at Georgia and you see all those defensive players, Kobe Dean, they had Walker and they had Jalen, the big D tackle. They got two of 'em. Jordan Davis, what's his name? Oh man.


No, I know Nicole Dean. But the Jalen number nine, eight for the Philadelphia Eagle. They got two of'em. Jordan Davis and the what's Jaylen's last name? Carter. Jalen Carter. Jalen Carter. So when you see that pipeline, it's easy for, because the recruits, because the players recruits coach. You don't have to do a whole nother, Hey, y'all saw my resume, y'all see we got 60 guys in the NFL. We got 58 guys in the NFL. Yeah. Fail. Hey, you see how much money you signed for You see how much this got signed for. You see how much this got signed for? Yeah, absolutely. So it's a lot easier to recruit when you have those guys doing, doing that. Yeah. Go ahead.


Don't what, what, what you got d So just letting the boys know, I'm not even playing. I got three people, three people. Everybody in the chat make sure they get this message. I know they're gonna see this video. Ryan Williams, Jeremiah Smith and Travis Hunter. I want a jersey. I want a jersey sign in less than you got 24 hours to send me a dm. Get me a jersey down to Miami. If I don't have my jersey before Monday before eight o'clock Monday, ain't nobody getting no NIL money. And you know what that means? You See, you see you, you listen. I ain't got this on for nothing.


Ain't none of y'all getting no NIL money no more the rest of the season. Ryan Williams, Jeremiah Smith and Travis Hunt out with my jersey FedEx Monday morning. You know how to get my address as your coaches. That's it. And I ain't even playing. It was, Georgia had 25, first down, Alabama had 21 third down officially. Efficiency. Georgia was three of 15 on third down. Yeah. Alabama was three of 11 on fourth down. Georgia was five of five. Alabama was one for two. Georgia had 519 yards of total offense. Alabama had 5 47 of total offense completion.


Completion was 27 to 50 for Georgia. 27 of 33 for Alabama. Russian yards. Alabama had 1 73. Georgia had 80 penalties. Alabama had 10 for 90. Georgia had four for 35. I did think that that was a pass interference right before the half on the, on Georgia that, yeah. Yeah. I think the, the officials, sometimes they get caught up in the games like, oh, it's 30, it's 30 to seven. It don't mean anything. Let Go. But You gotta call it that is pi and you're standing right there. Yeah. And, and the bureau was, he had every right to be hysterical because that was pi. And you don't know that could have come back to bottom.


'cause you could have got the way they were rolling, I feel they're gonna probably get, you know, three, maybe even seven out of that. Push it to a 33 to seven, maybe even a 37 7 ball game. Right. But give, give Georgia credit, they didn't run. They could have easily like fold his shop. But give Kirby smart this staff an unbelievable job for getting those guys to come out of the locker room and play extremely well. Carson Beck did not have his best game. He had first half. First Half was horrible, huh? Well, he threw first half. He threw, he threw a pick at a, at a had a fumble in the second half too. That was the reason why they got behind it. Remember, wasn't they behind like 28? Nothing at one point. Yeah. Yeah. So look, they're not very many.


They're not gonna see very many teams that can can match with. Oh, physically Not like that. Not like that. Like Alabama. Alabama Ma. Alabama's physical. Georgia's physical. The offensive line is they're loaded with five star on both lines. They're loaded with five star at four and five star the skill position players very well. Coach. We know what Kirby Kirby is. Hey, he was the DC for Alabama and a lot of those years when they won national championships, he learned a lot under Coach Saban. I like Alabama's hired to be. He's, he's, he's sensation. He is a very good coach. Very good offensive mind. And the guys played really well offensively. I just thought they got a little bit too conservative O Joe. And when you get conservative, yeah. Now you put your defense in a bind because a team takes them out there and they drag 'em out there.


10, 12, 15 plays your offense comes on the field. They go three and out. Yeah. Or maybe they get one first down, put your tire defense right back on the field. They drag 'em out there again, another 10, 12 play drive your deep, your offense comes back in, it goes three and out. Now Ocho now you're asking for trouble. Yeah. You are asking for trouble. Yeah. But give Alabama credit. They came out ready to fight tonight, and they would take down the number two Georgia Bulldogs. If you think about it, nobody since 2021 has beaten Georgia other than Alabama. That's it. They're 44 and oh against every other team, not Alabama. Yeah. But they'll be back.


They'll, They they gonna meet, they gonna meet each other again, huh? Probably the SEC championship. Oh Yeah. Probably the NCC championship. But that was a, that was a ball game. That was unbelievable. Ball game. Very good game. Zavian Brown picked off Carson Beck in the end zone. He has a four turnover night.


Steve Farm knows making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Tura podcast network. We believe this too, by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ dramas, Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and how to not, you know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I, I started the podcast earlier saying, for me, in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I'd gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Plug in a Hyundai ev. And the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric, or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024. Ionic five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 3 0 61 mile driving range for 2024 iion. Six se long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects and materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Four more details.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The world is Constantly Changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and a panoramic moonroof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is more fun to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only one safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Oh my goodness. So there's a viral photo at college game day this morning. A guy had a sign saying, my wife is having a baby. Okay. But I chose to be here. Roll Tide. Oh no. Hey, his wife is having a baby. You know what? Obviously, you know, if his wife is a is a Alabama fan, she probably told him to go to the game. Oh yeah. Knowing, knowing, knowing how much they love, they tied. I guarantee you she told him to go to the game. But Hold on. Yeah. You remember the, the criticism that we caught when an NFL player saying he would choose to play. You remember how all the women came at us? Oh, Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Now listen. But he ain't Even playing in the game.


This this is the thing you have to understand too. It all depends on the woman you're deal you're dealing with. It all depends on the woman that's having the child. Some women, depending on how much they understand, how much you love that game. Yeah. They're like, baby boy, if you don't get out there and make that goddamn money, they paying you millions of dollars for a reason. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Now you get out there, do what you gotta do and you come on home. What, what's, what's the name of the movie with, with Ma Chestnut when a old girl was in the hospital and he went out there and played and then he came and seen it after? After. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I came listen. Well, he's a football player. Yeah, I, I know what you're talking about. I know exactly what you're talking about. Listen, depending on who you married to, not the situation in the movie might have been a little different, but still, depending on who you married to or depending on who you having a child from, there's a, there's an understanding.


This is the way we eat. This is the way you provide for us the baby. He came by better. Ocho said, baby, I, I was trying to get to the hospital, but the car broke down. You can't be on national TV with a sign my wife having the baby. Right. Right, right, right. If you saw the guys in Georgia, they're a Georgia Bulldogs fan. Obviously the storm came through Thoughts and prayers goes out to everyone, every thought Nightcap out to those impacted family friends and loved ones that have been impacted by this storm up the East coast up into the Carolinas. But he took a raf, he took a a a, a a a a Raf a a floaty a rubber and to, to go get his friend Right.


Who was, who was, was rained in. So he's like, nah, we ain't missing that game. He was fans. And, we go to, we go to Tuscaloosa. So he took his little rubber boat and he went and got his man. And unfortunately it didn't work out the way they wanted to. But that was, that was a, that was a very good game. And you know, fans are fanatic like that. Ocho I mean they're, look, if you are from, if you are in the south, if you are up north, you get no, you have no idea what what we're talking about. But if you are in the south, right, Texas, and you come all the way back, all the southern states, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, I mean, obviously, you know, obvious Georgia and Florida, we have bit more population.


Texas football is life. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Football is life. They close down Fridays night. Right. You're going to the game And if you haven't, okay. No, everybody's closing up shop. Right. And they're going to the game. And you know, the funny thing about it is obviously you have a, a, a a better, a better not knowledge of the game of, of college football. Maybe a better experience. You gotta think I went to Oregon State way back in 2001. So I don't know what it's like to be at A-A-P-W-I of that magnitude like a Alabama LSU. Yeah. But when my daughter, before she chose what she was gonna go to school before she went to Kentucky or went to A-L-S-U-L-S-U game.


Huh? I ain't never seen nothing like that. Oh yes. I Went to the LU game. I, I played in the league 11, 12 god damn years. Yeah. I've never seen nothing like that at our level. Yeah. But you have to understand ocho them kids, so they gonna face paint. They gonna be yelling and screaming. Hey man, look here when you see, when Georgia playing, you see all them jokers got them flags in the back. Them bulldog flags flying. I aint never been won. They game. They crazy out there. Huh? What? Well, hold on, they crazy like that LSU game. Like I said, Like that. Yes. Well I went to that Tennessee. Well I seen Tennessee play. Huh? We, we, my baby went on to visit Tennessee. Man, they played that goddamn rocky top man. That's the boy and boy boy. But it was in that thing rocking.


You hear me go down and I think about, wait a minute, this is college. The NFL atmosphere ain't even like this Drive down to nine five when they play, when they play Florida. I, I don't know. Florida might not be that good. Florida's not that good now. They not good when they play. When Georgia, Florida played right in the world largest office. The cocktail party. Yeah. And you see all them flags heading down nine five. Yeah. Or when they come up and they play the SEC championship and you see Georgia, they coming up from, they coming up from Tuscaloosa and Birmingham. Man, Ocho man, I gotta experience that. I gotta experience that, that that one, that one little game, that one little game. I had a chance to see LSU play. Obviously Jayden Daniel was there at the time.


And I, I saw Tennessee play. Tennessee was playing, matter of fact, they were playing Kentucky. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, man, I ain't, boy, I still got that, that that Rocky top song still locked in my head. But you gotta understand what your tradition like that that's No, no, no, no. I mean, NFL they ain't like, they ain't like that. Right. Because them college kids, them college kids. Oh, they gonna be out there. They go. Especially when you go to a big school like that. Right. Because you gotta get out there to get the tickets. So they gonna be, hey, they gonna be out there damn near all day, all night trying to get those tickets. Especially for the big game. Can you imagine what those students were doing to get those Georgia tickets? Right. Or to get the Auburn tickets.


Now, now you talk about Alabama Auburn or you talk about Ohio State, Michigan. Right. And you talk, nah, come on. It's crazy. Huh? You what Hey? There nothing like, there's nothing like southern football. I get the ri I get the, I get the Green Bay Chicago rivalry in the NFLI get Duke, North Carolina. But when you talk about Alabama Auburn, when you talk about Georgia, Florida, yeah. When you talk about Florida State Florida or Florida State Miami or one of those, those ain't ain't nothing nothing. South Carolina, Clemson, you have to experience it to understand what I'm talking about.


It's like when I tell people about going to an HBCU and homecoming week, you have to be on that campus to experience the pageantry. The, the, the, the, the, the pageantry. The a, the atmosphere ocho. Oh, we they do it. Yeah. Hey, Listen. Oh, they in the yard. Oh, the A them sun and the France, they up in the yard. The student center is buzzing because everybody know it. I told, listen, you remember, mind you, you, you, I told you obviously I didn't have the opportunity that most people that went to HBCUs have my first experience. Obviously I, I, listen, I've been supporting FAMU since got there in 1984, but never was integrated in the atmosphere to know what the HBCU experience was like.


Because I go to the game, I listen to the band and I watch the football team play, and then I go home. Yeah. When my daughter crossed over at PV a and m and I walked in there and seen that atmosphere. You gotta be it, you gotta see it Ities, all the different fraternities. Unc, I ain't never, ever, ever seen nothing like that. Right. Man, when them, man man, when them AKs came out unc when they came out stepping, I wanna be an AKA I'm gonna tell you the reason why I was like old and dark. You got, I can't, I can't even explain. I can't even put into words.


It's like that because like anytime Georgia plays, anytime the a southern team, South Carolina, Clemson, Florida, any though Tech just imagine Texas. Texas, Oklahoma. Yeah. The Red River rivalry. Yeah. Like that. It it's like that. It's like that every it is like that. Every, every, every Sunday. Every Saturday in the SEC country. Is it still the same if the teams aren't playing well? Like Florida State? Well, oh yeah. It doesn't matter. Well, if Florida's not playing well, my season is complete. If I beat you, I don't care. I just gotta win one game. It's against you, Oklahoma, Texas. As long as I beat you right. Alabama, Auburn, long as I beat you. Okay. Georgia, Florida, long as I beat you, it doesn't matter.


Ohio State, Michigan, I'm putting all my eggs in this basket. Yeah. I can go over, I can go one for 10 as long as that 10 against your, as long as that one against your punk ass. That's all I care. That's all I care about, man. Right. Right. But yeah, I mean they out there. Man, look, I grew up in the south, obviously, you know, lived in Georgia, damn near my whole life. Ocho they start, hey, they start skewing the games at one o'clock. What, one o'clock right? 12 o'clock, one o'clock. Man, they out there. They out there got them, got them a grills. They skewing the win bagels back. Oh yes, yes. They, they drunk at 10 30 and the game they for another two hours. Oh yeah. They, they already tore up.


Oh, I like it. So go to su go to Grambling Southern like they have say fam U Bethune. Man. Man, listen, everybody gotta experience that at least once. Yeah. Oh, Joe, yo. The Colorado Buffalos BUCF 48 21, excuse me. The buffalos were 14 point underdogs and proved the Ford four and one two. And on the big 12, Travis Hunter caught a touchdown pass. Intercepted a pass in the same game for the second time in the last three weeks. Excuse me. It's the fourth time in his three year college career that he's done that. Yeah. He struck the Heisman polls after he picked off KJ Jefferson with a diving interception in the third quarter.


That's, he was, he was transferred from Arkansas. Right. KJ Jefferson, wasn't he at Arkansas last couple years?


Ocho speaking of now it's time for money moves presented by DraftKings. Travis Hunter has, see what we do. We, Hey, we, hey, we moved over up like the Jefferson Travis Hunter now has the third best Heisman odds. Jalen Millrose from Alabama plus 2 25 is number one. Cam Ward Miami plus 500. Number two Travis Hunter plus seven 50 number three, Dylan Gabriel, Oregon, plus 1200. He's four. Statistically Hunter has put up elite numbers at Receiver. He entered the weekend ranked fourth nationally in receptions. Yeah. Sixth in receiving yards tied for fourth and TD catches with five. He caught nine passes a day, 89 yards and a touchdown and grabbed one of, well, the best covered corners in the game. Colorado came from behind with a win over Baylor last week. Hunter had the game winning for his fumble on the goal line Hunter played 128 snaps on Saturday. According to Fox broadcast, he's averaging about 130 snaps per game. Listen, when we talk about Heisen right, there's so many different factors that go into it. Yes. But what Travis Hunter is doing, it needs to be taken into account. This is something special. There are very few players that, that are able to play on both sides of the ball. There are very few players that are able to play on both sides of the ball and affect the game on both sides of the ball. Yeah. The fact that Travis Hunter is able to do both, it speaks volumes. This is no disrespect to Cam Ward, this is no disrespect to Jalen Monroe and what they're doing quarterbacks, most of the time they always win the award based on what they're doing. Yeah. Always. Yeah. But what Travis Hunter is doing this year, it needs to be taken a little bit more serious, a little bit more serious. I don't think people really understand, especially those that are voting. I don't know who did the goddamn odds, who the goddamn odd draft should be first no matter what, based on what he's done so far this season already. He should be first. Yeah. He's affecting both sides of the ball. It's, it's not unheard of. It's been done before but hasn't been done before like this at this level, the way he's doing it. The intercept affecting the game. Winning the game. The fumble on the goal line at receiver. Yes. Putting, have good numbers. Charles, like come on Man.


They keep, Charles Woodson did play offense. Yeah. But he did not play offense every, he didn't play if they had 70 snaps, he wasn't playing 16 five of those snaps. Right, right. He had a package in which he played and he played extremely well. We're not gonna minimize Charles Wilson. He did. He became the first defensive player to win the Heisman, but he did not play as many snaps on the d offensive side of the football as Travis Hunter is playing. Right. He's coming out the game. They're running 75 plays and he is only missing two or three of those plays and he's missing five or six snaps on the defensive side. So basically he's playing all but nine, maybe 10 snaps in a game.


Unheard of. Yes. But young, young bull conditioners out this world, young bull. Listen, much respect to Travis Hunter. You know, I know you gonna see this. I already gave you a message. I have my Shay on, so I know you gonna get this message. If I don't get that DM with that jersey, I'm telling you Monday FedEx I don't want, I don't wanna hear nothing. I don't want no excuses. Any NIL money. It's coming straight to me. Coming straight to me. Period. Colorado no good that they, huh? This was the most complete game that I've seen them played maybe since Prime has been there. Yeah. The ability to run the football bingo. The way they protected Shadur should do it through the football. The way they, the look, they got some, I mean, late in the ball game, UCF ran the football, got some plays, but I thought they did a great job of containing him early on in the ball game, doing enough to disrupt his rhythm.


I mean, I, I don't, I don't when I look at him, but I I I don't think they should have ever been concerned about his ability to throw the football. He's more dangerous with his legs than he is his arm. But I thought this was the most complete game, the way they dominated this game they got after the quarterback. They did a great job of protecting Shado Shado. You did a great job of throwing the football, but I thought this was one of the more complete ball games, if not the most complete. Right. I'm talking about when you look at running, throwing, stopping the run, getting after the quarterback d defending. Yeah. I thought this was and it was on the road. Yeah. I thought see you played what Hell of a ball game. Yeah. Yeah. They, they played really well.


I'm about, I'm happy for Prime. I'm happy for Prime. This is what, one more week you get to, you get to keep 'em off your back one more week. You get to keep 'em off your back and show, listen, they formed one this year. They formed one so far. Yeah. You know, a lot of people say they wouldn't be, wouldn't even be in this position. What I like, what I like for Prime is improvement year to year. Yeah. The improvement year to year. All they need is a little time. Yeah. All they need is a little time to get the right, the right people, the right dogs in here, you know, and next year it's gonna be even better and it's gonna be continual, it's gonna be a, a gradual build. Nothing overnight, a gradual build and improvement is there.


We can see it. Yeah. Well it had to be OCHO for the simple fact that man, they went winning 12. Yeah. And y'all expect the man to go in there and go to the, and to go to the damn Rose Bowl of the damn Peach Bowl. His first year in the after team went one and 12. Yeah. Where have they ever done that at? Nowhere. They Oh, he all hyped. I mean, coach Saban, coach Saban didn't win no. 12 games. His first game, his first year there. Hype my head. It's gonna take time. And Coach Saban had a bunch of four and five star recruits. I'm not so sure how many four or five star recruits Prime had before he got to Colorado. Right. But it's gonna take some time. But I was very impressed with the way they played today. I mean, if you look at O Show, they had 14 points in the first quarter. They got 13 in the second quarter.


They got another 14 in the four, third quarter was another seven. So they were complete. They didn't take their foot off the gas. They did an unbelievable job today of running the football. Yeah. I thought they did a better job of protecting the football. I thought they'd did a great job of getting after the quarterback, attacking the line of scrimmage. Did a good job in pass coverage. There's nothing, you know, look, I'm sure Coach Primer said, Hey, I'm, I'm pleased with the win. But I I, I heard Coach Saban said, you know what he said to win and play poorly is a kiss of death. I said, the way it was explained to me, you never accept anything in a win. You wouldn't in a loss take the loss. Yeah. But people don't understand that because you know why They just, Hey, we won the ball game.


Right. You can't let your players accept that type of attitude. Right. Because that will get you beat. Yeah. That'll get you beat. I don't want, I don't wanna wait till I get beat to get your undivided attention. I wanna be in a situation where I can get your attention that way. We don't be in this, find ourselves in that situation. Right. Well I tried to tell y'all this was gonna happen. Now maybe you'll listen next time. Right. I love, I love what Coach Saban said. I love the way Prime Prime said we can't be, we can't be happy with just winning. That's not good enough. Yeah. Who they, who they got next on who they got next? Who they Play next?


They got in ca at Kansas State or at home? They're at home against Kansas State. Kansas State. Really good. Are they good? They really good. I Wanna go. I wanna go to the game. You think? You think I get a ticket? Yeah. You call Prime. He'll get you one. Oh. Oh, I'm about to go to the game. I hope it's cold too. So I can put on my Dickies, my little Dickie overalls and my, my hoodie and my, and my Timms. Yeah. Travis Horner wore a bland t-shirt after Richard Sherman comments. There was a lot of buzz on social media about some of the pre-game interaction. We got that video. Do we got what Happened on We got what m What SM said about Buddy. We got, we got sms. Okay. Okay.


He said he, he, he, he was saying that his skills of defensively second to none. He, he's, he's a true corner. He has tremendous instincts, great ball skills. Right. But he said that he was bland as a receiver. I get what Sherman's saying that he's not a like, like Chase and Jefferson polished receivers. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay. That's what he's saying. Like he's an athlete playing receiver and because he's so much at more athletic than a lot of people that's defending him, he's gonna make a play. Okay. Okay. I understand. So that's not the way he took, he Took offense to it. He took offense To it. He took offense. Okay. I think, I think Coach, I think Time put Shem and, and and Travis in contact with each other.


Right. And they were able to have a conversation. Look, he says as a receiver, I just think he's kind of bland. Sherman a former NFL cornerback. Remember Sherm was a wide receiver. He w he got, he went to Stanford as a wide receiver. Got, he ended up moving to a defensive back. Okay. Said on the Lions, Ima say, say Brown podcast St. Brown as Sherman, if he thinks Earn can play both wide receiver and cornerback in the NFL. Sherman said hell no. You know that. Right. You're talking crazy. But there's been a lot, there's been a lot. You and I think yes, he can play packages. Yeah. But nobody, I don't believe anybody think he's going to play every snap on offense?


Every snap on defense. Nobody believes that. Do we believe that he can be a defensive back and have a package of plays on offense? Yes. Yes. Because we've seen it before. We've seen Prime do it. Yeah. Champ Bailey, Charles Woodson, there's been a couple of guys. JJ Watt had a couple of packages as a defensive lineman. Yeah. But to play every snap, so the NFL so to try to play 120 snaps in an NFL game. Woo. Wait, listen, you'll have to have the endurance of the op of, you know, the Ethiopian runners. Yeah. So the fifth year, that's the kind of endurance you're gonna have to have. But when I, when I think about it, I mean when I, when I, when I think about Travis Hunter and how special he is, even at the, even at the, the receiver's position I under, I, I understand what, where Sherman's talking about in a sense.


But I understand. I'm also understanding how much work and how much time he has to work on this craft from a receiver standpoint. He's so athletically gifted. Once they sharpen up all the tools, man, it's a wrap. If he getting drafted, he has to get drafted as a wide receiver anyway because that's what the money is. That's what the money I, I see Travis, I think he'd be better suited. Get the money Ocho where do, where forget the money. Yeah. Where can I, where can I thrive? Where's my best chance to be the most productive player I could possibly be? Don't I think it's on the other side of the ball. Don't don do me like that. Don't do me like that. Don't he got, he gotta play receiver on, he gotta play receiver because you gotta understand the money's on the receiving end now.


And then the packages, the packages at the db boom, they got to give you like a, a little bonus for That. O Joe you think? Hold on, hold on. What packages He gonna, I'm saying when he, when he get to the NFL, he gonna have small packages like at or nickel. He could be the, he could be the nickel on third. I bet, I bet you he'll play more snaps on defense and offense. And I bet he Oh no, no, no, No, no, no, no. Listen, listen. As his agent, as his agent, he probably ain't gonna hire me. But as his agent, I'm telling him, man, buddy, man, listen here man, lemme tell, lemme tell you something. You want play receiver, you got receivers making 30 million a year. So by the time it's time for you to get paid, you talking about 45, maybe 50.


And matter of fact, they gotta pay you 50 'cause you play both sides of the ball. We can integrate that into your contract, you know, and, and, and, and, and you know, the fine, the fine print. Okay. What you, what you talking about? Nah, I just, just believe You don't want him on the defensive end. You Think under they underpaid. I'm, look, I'm just looking at it from a skillset. Right. And where his skills are right now. He's a much better defensive back than he is a wide receiver. I don't agree with you. Okay. I don't, I don't agree with you. Sim simply for the fact that what he's doing on defense is instinctive based on watching film and knowing what's coming as opposed to looking at what he can do at receiver Ocho.


Ocho. Lemme ask you a question. How many, how many, how many comebacks have, how many comebacks have you seen him run? Huh? How many comebacks have you seen him run? Well, I'm, I'm, I I Out your what you mean? You have a, that's a wide receiver and you haven't seen him in two years. Wait. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute, minute. Don't, don't jump, don't jump down my throat. Now I'm just asking him, Don, normally him gotta run comeback. Go ahead. I, I've seen he, he probably, he could probably run comebacks. I ocho, ocho. I've seen him say probably, I said, Ocho, how many comebacks have you seen him run? Well, maybe they don't have comebacks in that offense. Ocho, come on, die. You asked me how many comebacks have I seen him run? Well, if they don't have comebacks in the offense, what you want me to say? I, I ain't seen How many, how many digs?


Oh, I didn't seen him run a dig. I've seen him run the dig and come out the back door. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. I seen him take, Hey, I seen him, I seen him run, catch a slant and reverse and reverse field and come back out. He ran the SL at Oh, Joe. I'm just saying. Yeah, looking at him. Studied for the, since he, since he's been at Colorado, that's, watch him a little bit at Jackson State. 'cause a lot of, when they came on the SPNI would pay attention. Right, right. But watching him, I think his skillset for DB is far superior, Suited, Far superior. Because like I said, okay, he's a natural db. He ocho he could just, he he just roll out of bed like, Hey, I got old boy right here. Right, right. His back, his backpedal the way he can backpedal.


Right. And the way he can transition right now, you know, in order to play receiver, these guys are choke you out here if you can't release. Oh, see that I don't, I don't know about, I don't know. I don't know about that part of his game. I don't know about that. His ladder movement, his, his, his ladder movement. He seems like a long strider though, Right? He is. He, he tall, he taller than you think he like six three. Yeah, we could work on that. We could work on that. He Tall, he taller than you think we Could, we could work on that. He come train, he come train with me, train with me for three months. Man, listen, I, I get him open in the phone booth. I get him open in the phone booth. But All we gotta do is shorten up your gate, shorten up your steps, and once, once you, once you, once you get, once you get out that dead area off the line, then you can open up all you want.


I just, like I said, I, I, I think he's phenomenal. He's as good a athlete that I've seen with my own eyes. Right. And I've seen some pretty good ones. Like I said, I'm a year young. I was in the year, came in the year after time, and so I watched him and I was in the league when Bo was in the league. Yeah. There are two of the greatest athletes, you know, when you can play a professional sport. Two Yeah. Baseball and football Two. I, I played three, but go ahead. Yeah, I'm with you. I mean, everybody in the FL played two sports, three sports in high school. Right. But to do it professionally, Right. I that was me. Yeah. So it's, it's unbelievable. Like I said, I, I, I, I, I, I, I just, I just wanna see him. I think he's better suited at the end of the day, he's gonna, I don't think he has to make a decision.


I think, I think team's gonna help him make that decision. They gonna say, son, we gonna give you some packages on the officer side of the football. Oh. But I think see Ocho you looking at it from a pure monetary standpoint, right? Absolute. I'm looking at it. I'm looking at it from the best. Look for me, a monetary standpoint. Hell, a wide receiver, but what could I make my bones? What could I be the best at tight in


State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo, no. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride. And, and he of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also, as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices. We might've, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower IONI five n. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA Estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 i five se EL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni X six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual for complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The world is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and a panoramic moonroof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is more fun to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required. Use only one safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I'm telling you man. I'm telling you now See, here's the, i I give you an example, Ty. Now, if he had tyreek's speed, I was like, okay, you're right. You ain't, you don't have to have that kind of speed that's, that's unnecessary. No, but guys that don't have that kind of speed, what can they do? And tell the people at home for guys that don't have Tyreek's speed and they play wide receiver, what can they do? Ocho you couldn't touch them in a phone booth. Right? They were technic, they're technically sound. There's a reason why Steve Large, when he retired had all the records he ran four seven, but he was a route running technician.


Guys that can't, that aren't speed merchants, they can run the route tree and make every route look the same. The release, the slant looks just like the quick out looks just like the smoke looks, just like the over look, just like the end, the comeback. He's fast though. He, he fast. He four three. He four, he four three And. if you not four three, he will be, by the time it's, by the time in draft time, like FO two is great. That's a, that's a great tool to have in your toolbox, but you don't literally have to be fo two to be effective. Look at Justin Jefferson, our Chase Ocho you are talking about elite receivers that run routes. You just said you haven't seen him run the whole tree.


Oh yeah, I, I'm Heaven because it's not a part of their offense. They, I mean their specific offense, but what I do see him do I know what he could do when he get that ball in his hands? Yes. Ocho do you know Ocho, you know how good these dbs are. If you are not, if you can't consistently release, they'll eat in your chest. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Any weakness We gonna work on that. We gonna work on that. I got you. No, we, But I'm, that's, that's what I'm saying. Right. But I don't know even if his releases will ever be where his DB skills are. Some things he just got just, just God given God Give God given right out the bed. He just, Hey, he just woke up. God made that angular, that long, angular body.


Right, right, right. He could be fluid, he could back because normally, you know, guys that are corners that are long, you know, it's hard for them to flip the hips. He can flip his hips. Yeah. Natural. Natural. He can flip his hips. And that's what you gotta be able to do, Ocho, because you gotta be able to turn and run. You gotta be able to turn and dry. You gotta be back and come forward. Hey, hey, well you know I used to give him hell boy back in 87 boy. Huh? Shit. I know what you're talking about. Yeah. And I, and I and and I, you know, I told to, and Tom said this time said had I just like focused like on being a wide receiver.


Right. Just focused on that. Right. I could have went to Hall of Fame and he could have, because he had that kind of sleeve. You gotta realize and the time is fo 2 0 2 0 2 and it looked And it looked like he ain't got damn running damn near sometimes. No, he, it didn't, it didn't. But he could fly. Yeah. I don't know if you guys are old. I don't know if you guys are old enough to like, I just wish like some things that you needed to see. Like TV doesn't do it justice. No. You gotta see in person. Huh? To watch Barry Sanders in person to watch Prime, to watch Jerry, to watch Steph Curry shoot a basketball, to watch LeBron to watch Jordan to watch Kobe. Some things can only be seen through the eyes.


Yeah. Watch Serena to hear that ball come off Serena's racket. I know sometimes it gets drowned out, but to hear it, you like, oh my, I mean it sounds like if you're from the south, you know what I'm talking about. When you took the rug out and you hung it over the fence or the clothes line and you took the broom and you oof Boom. Yeah. Yeah. That's what the ball sounds like. Jumping off Serena's racket, then you got an appreciation. Okay, now I see what y'all talking about. Yeah. To see Reggie at his prime to see to to see that, to see the brute and see the Ed reeds and the Ray Lewis's some things you really literally had to see Yeah.


In the sta you, you need to be in the stadium to really, really appreciate it. Yeah. I, I enjoy, I mean I enjoy watching, watching him play. I mean he, he, he's a phenomenal talent. I love watching him play Ocho we gotta move on to this next. There's a lot of bugs on social. Wait. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. Why we rushing? We Got how No, no, no. We got another topic. We got another topic. Okay. Okay. Okay. There's a lot of bugs on social media about some pre-game interaction between Cam Newton, Shado Sanders and Travis Hunter now Ca Okay. Okay. Can you hear sound? Okay? There's pre-game.


What happened? What happened? Heard for context. This what we the Hold on. Can you see it? Yeah, I I can see it. I can see it. I can see it. What they But they, they, it, it is hard to tell. I mean, look at looking at the mannerism and body language and it look like they, they, they could be playing but it without, without audio. It's hard to tell. It is. It is. And what I, and there was a some interaction earlier. Okay. Yeah. Okay. They good? They good. They good. There was some interactions earlier in the pregame, which the do in cam.


Okay. And Shado didn't seem, here it is right here. He wasn't very receptive. I'm gonna try to give you some context. Ocho did he say something wrong here to what happened? Cam said on his fourth and one podcast. Let's take a listen to what Cam said. Okay. And what maybe caused Chad's reaction? Look, my whole thing with Shado is this, you followed him since he was at Jackson State, correct? Yeah. Even when he was in high school, right? Yeah. What, when can he hang?


Like what performance can You hang your hat on? Can You hang your hat on in college? Yeah. I only thing I had was like that, that TCU or that Nebraska game his first year, this year We're talking about TCU and they ended up not being a good team. Yeah. Nebraska last year was up far. Ain't like he beat That's true. And you can't say, well he, you, you was at Auburn. He was at Colorado. He was like, Auburn wasn't no favorite to win before you got there. Nobody was picking Auburn to win the national champ. For sure. I don't even think they even thought y'all was gonna have a winning season before you got Yeah.


Yeah. It was motherfuckers on our team that didn't even think that we was capable of. All I'm gonna say is this. It don't, it don't get it mistaken that're beaming over there. Be careful with them Comparisons and so I, I I can, I can see, I can see why Shado would be, would be be a little upset. Caleb Said that two days ago, Ojo just, just we Oh, that Wanted a precinct. Yes. He said he, he said this two days ago. Yeah. So we wanted to provide context. I understand. To maybe why because of, you know, first of all, UR is a pure pocket passer. Yes sir.


He's not, he's not an athlete like Cam, he can't, he doesn't move like Cam, he's not Kyle Murray, he's not Lamar Jackson. That's not what he is. But the ations are completely different based on teams and the times. And when they played we about, We about Colorado. Can't he got, when he went to the, what you call 'em, those guys were athletes. Right. He is a pocket, he's a drop back. Prototypical pocket passer. Right. That's what he is. So the comparison can't be with a cam because ca cam rushed for damn near 1500 yards. Yeah. Lamar rushed for 1500 yards. Kyle rushed for, I think Kyle rushed for over a thousand yards. Chador. He might not even rushed for a thousand yards in his career. He might even be like Brady.


Right. But I, I'm also, I'm also speaking in context, not just to the comparison of, of the quarterbacks that they are, but also the comparison in the context of the team that they're playing for and playing with at that time. Right. Completely Apples and oranges. Yes. Completely different, you know. But based on the time that UR is in right now, he is still one of the best despite Yes. Yes. Maybe despite maybe not having any games to hang his tail on. Oh, even not having them. He's still one of the best. But that's not what they said when he went to TCU and threw for 500 yards. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 'cause remember TCU had just lost in the national championship game to Georgia. People thought they were pretty good.


Yeah. So he did that. Not, not any good. Yeah. I mean, listen, I mean, to each, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's football, it's it, it is sports. Everybody's gonna have opinion. Some opinion you're gonna agree with some, some opinions not gonna like sometimes rub, rub, rub people the wrong way. Sometimes it's gonna ruffle some feathers. Now what I, I would like for the players to have, you know, when, when it's, I call 'em the OGs. When the OGs like the Cam Newtons, you know, he heisen winner, you know, you, you, you take what they say with the grain of salt, but also respect some of the things they're just saying because they've already done it. Yeah. They've already done it. But it's, but it, it, it's, it's such a, it's tough because today's era of kids, or I don't wanna use the word sensitive, but if you say something they are, they gonna remember everything.


If you say something, they gonna remember everything you said and they gonna hang on it. Now they gonna hang on E even even the professionals, because if you try to critique a player and they don't like what you say, you hating. But I, when when you say I'm hating, I've, I've given all, all the, the, the players that that's come after me. I give 'em the credit. I ain't got no problem. Oh yeah, yeah. They say Look Gronk and, and, and gon gronk and gon whoever I got no problem. I got the most outta my ability. People like, well you don't criticize the, the the black quarterbacks like you criticized. Do y'all realize it? Do y realize, I think I I was gonna say this Ocho Yeah. I ended up leaving Fox because I criticized the guy that had seven Super Bowls.


But y'all say I, y'all just heard me. I said about Joe Burrow. Y'all heard what I said about when I used to beat up Tony Romo. Y'all heard what I said. I Aaron Rogers Brent Fav. Y'all just look, I get it, I get it, I get it. I'm black, but if a black quarterback doesn't play well, y'all can't expect me to go out there and say the man played. Well when he didn't. Do you? No, I I don't care what their, what the white commentators do for I can't. Right. Because I don't, we don't get that luxury. I'm not gonna get no $37 million deal run out the box. Mm. If I do that too much, they gonna get my black ass off tv.


Mm. So I've got to be honest in what I see. I'm not hating on nobody. Pastor. I appreciate and understand what they've gone through. I remember when the black court, when Warren Moon had to go to cut Canada after winning the Rose Bowl. I'm old enough to remember, I remember Shaq Harris who's a friend of mine. I know it, I know the history. But guys, when I critique a player, it ain't a jealous bone in my body. Y'all do know my resume. Come on Pastor. What, what they're doing, it can erase what Shannon Sharpe did at Baltimore and, and Denver. So I I but come on guys and y'all get upset.


Well you bro, can y'all honestly think I don't watch the games? I mean the lady told me today, I was trying to say Chelsea Gray, blah blah blah. I said, I don't want y'all to look at her for what she did in the Olympics because she's coming off of the injury. But I think they can win. I think it's gonna be tough. Oh, show that she goal to show you. Shannon don't watch basketball. They won the championship without Chelsea. No they didn't. Chelsea Gray played the first two games. She played superb. She got hurt in game three. Now you win. Gotta win three because it's the best three out of five. She got hurt in game three. They won Game four in New York. Or they was going to have to come back to Las Vegas. You see, you see how people just throw that out there and a lot of people bought it.


Yep. I knew he didn't watch the games. Really? Yeah. Y'all know I watched the games. That's why I can tell you a specific play. What happened? I don't watch the game to see who scores. I could care less. My, I'm trying to de I'm trying to decipher how they scored. Why they scored. What was the formation, what was the defense? What was the coverage? O Joe, what was the front sir? Based on the front, based on the coverage, that ball shouldn't have been that, that, that should have been a knockdown. Right. Blah, blah blah. That's what I'm looking for. That's why I don't watch the sound because I don't want them to try to convince me. Nah, I know what I'm looking for. I know what I'm looking for, but I'm never gonna be jealous.


'cause I want the guys to make all the money. 'cause I remember when I came in Ocho when I started making big money, hell, I'm sure Ozzy and, and, and Kelly like, well damn, they paying that kind of money now. Yeah. Yeah. And I look at, I look at these guys now. These guys now making damn near tight ends making damn near more in one year. Then I made it a career. Yeah. But that's the evolution of the position. And I'm okay with that. But I got to be honest guys, I got to be, that's the only way I can be. And if I, if I can't, when they say, well, Shannon, you can't say this. And I've been very fortunate. I've never been on a network where they try to sway me. I know y'all think they tell me to say, bro, you think some of the stuff I be saying, they tell me to say they be, they probably be like, oh my God.


Did did he, did he just say that? Yeah, I did. And people, people get upset Ocho. Oh, you see how he talked to women? You see how he talk to women? I don't debate gender. I debate whoever's in that chair. Hmm. It could, it could be a Saint Bernard sitting there. He gonna get it too. Stephen. A swag. DORC, Andrea, Monica. It does not matter. Now you can't ask to be treated equal. But when we come up on a topic that requires us to get a little animated and, and, and, and voices to ride. Oh, don't talk to No, no, no, no, no. That's not what we're gonna do now.


Right. Y'all need to go ahead and skip me that day. Go and pay me for that day and let me take off because I'm gonna keep it stay. I, I I'm coming. I'm coming because that, y'all know what y'all get when y'all get me. Y'all already know I have a voice. I have a voice that projects. Yep, me too. And when have you ever known me not to be passionate about something that I'm talking about? Name the time. I want y'all to name the time that y'all seen Shannon Sharpe in the format that I've been in since 2016. Not be passionate about a particular topic. Yeah, you had no problem when I was passionate about Kaepernick. You had no problem when I was passionate about George Floyd. You had no, you had no problems. When I was passionate about the Red Sox and what they said to the players or what the Seattle player, you had no problems with that.


But now Shannon, can you dial it back just a little bit? Right. Okay. I don't doubt. Nah, don't dial it back. No, don't dial it back. Turn it, turn it up. Turn it up. But what little y say, turn it down for what The Volume


Riding a sea do has a different meaning for each of us. And the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 Sea-Doo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo find your water. Visit cw.com or find a dealer near you.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bos.com


Everybody vibes with the all new Camry. With a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride. Hall of Fame. Point guards don't have this level of control. And the Camry's got the flash to match. We're talking available. 19 inch Multip spoke alloy wheels and chrome dual tipped exhaust. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. And because every all new Camry is a hybrid, its fuel efficiency is a difference maker for your wallet. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


With Lucky Land Slotts, you can get lucky just about anywhere. Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to, has anyone seen the bride and groom? Sorry. Sorry. We're here. We were getting lucky in the limo And, we lost track of time. No Lucky Land Casino with cash prizes that add up quicker than a guest registry. In that case, I pronounce you lucky. Fight for free@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary BGW grid. Avoid were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business. None of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, oo, ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let oo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@oo.com. That's OD o.com.