
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. No one can stop you, For more. check out Bose dot com.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a, it's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything, brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


You're at a bar looking for a new beer. When you smell a citrusy aroma, it smells like sunshine and oranges. You see the bartender pouring a beer that looks refreshing. Only one problem. You have no clue how to pronounce the name ly. Is that even English? The bartender is now heading your way as you're about to order nice cold ly, you hear. Can I get a highlight? Highlight the best beer you probably can't pronounce. The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get hundred and 50 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms, and responsible gaming resources.


Thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp. That guy's Liberty City Zone. Bingo. Riga. Fame, art Reed, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho guys. The OKC Thunder took down the Golden State Warriors minus step Curry 1 0 5 to 1 0 1 as OKC sits firmly atop the the NBA Western conference with a 14 and four record. Shea Gils Alexander was sensational. Again. 35 points, nine rebounds, five assists a block. Wow. He's as good as advertised. He's even better than advertised. Having seen him play up close and personal.


Thank you guys for joining us. Do me a favor, make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, we want to thank you. It's pre-Thanksgiving. Hopefully everybody's gonna have a very, very festive and enjoyable Thanksgiving because you're gonna be surrounded by family, friends, and loved ones. And what better way to joy it to kick off Thanksgiving than sharing it with us the night before on Nightcap. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in abundance And. if you can't find it in a city or state near you, we can get it right to you. Pronto. We understand that the holidays, Thanksgiving, tomorrow, Christmas and New Year's.


What better way to have a very joyous holiday than with a bottle of Shea Ba la Poitier. One more thing, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. We had our newest releases that dropped last month and we'll have a Black Friday sale that just launched. Items are Up to 50% off. Shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are $50 off all tees. Hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Shehe and 84, everything is in stock. We've also have some stocking stuffers, which are beanies and cozies quantities are limited.


So please make sure you grab yours while supplies Last ocho, as I mentioned, OKC took down the Golden State Warriors minus Steph Curry 1 0 5 to 1 0 1. Shea Gilda, 35 points nine rebounds, five assists, two blocks. Isaiah Hartenstein, 13 points, 14 rebounds, three assists, four blocks. He was sensational. And that's what they need a big body, especially with Chet being out. Yeah. But I like this team. They're really good. They're very young. All drafted players, with the exception of Lou Dot, I think Lou Dot was at Houston at first, but you know, they got Hartenstein. They signed Hartenstein being a free agency. They made the trade for the guy was at Caruso.


He was that Laker then went to Chicago. He's back. So they have two guys on the wing that are defensive presence. The Williams, Jalen Williams. He can flat out shoot it. Isaiah Joe can shoot the three. But this everything is centered around she Gils and he was sensational again tonight. Boy, I know the Clippers are kicking themselves in the butt because they traded him. Yeah, they traded him Ari and a lot of unprotected lottery picks. And they got a lot of pick swaps and they traded him to get Paul George. Yeah. And they didn't win a championship and Kawhi has been injured. Injured and so ain't no way around it. Okay. C won. Yeah. But the thing is, it's so, it's one thing Ocho to have draft picks, but what are you gonna do with them?


Yeah. If you look at the way they've drafted, they've hit and this young team and they got some veteran presence. I love the Heart and Steel edition. I love the Caruso edition. It's gonna be very interesting to see how this thing plays out. Hmm. But I'm liking what I'm seeing for the, the Thunder. What did you like about last night tonight? I know they didn't have Golden State, didn't have Steph, so Didn't have Step. Yeah, I mean listen, it, it was a good game. I mean SGA is is as you just said, as advertised. He ain't just that his last out of last five or eight games, he's averaged 30 goddamn damn 30 points a game. The nice game. I think if the Warriors had a second score out there, obviously with Steph being out the game, they might have had a chance to win the game.


I think it's a bad win for OKCI, excuse me for saying something, but there's no reason that the game should have been this close without Steph playing. Other than that, I mean, it was a good game. Both, both teams play good. It's always a dog fight. Anytime the goddamn thunder and Warriors meet up and It's okay, it's a, it's a game of runs. Yeah. And so with the way the team can shoot the three ball, there's really no lead safe. Right? Yeah, no, there were times, I mean, you wish to watch the NBA when the three wasn't as prevalent as it is. Right. And teams could, could come back from a 20 points deficit. But if you get down by 20 points in the first quarter of the first half, yeah. That ain't nothing guy. You, you have a, a team come down and hit a couple of threes, you turn it over a couple of times and a 20 point lead, all of a sudden it's eight within two minutes and teams can go on runs.


We've seen teams go on run 20 old runs, 25 to two runs, 30 to eight runs. Right. And the next thing you know, you were down by 20, all of a sudden you're Up to to four. And so I, I'm, I'm really not surprised. Teams gonna play harder. And the one thing about Golden State, you can say they're gonna play hard. Draymond was there. He made some, you know, he had a block still. He did his thing. He didn't shoot the three ball well, but I liked the confidence that he's showing by taking that shot because in years past he missed a couple of 'em. He's like, nah, I can't shoot this. I ain't do it. He, he's still shooting even without hesitation. Although he was two of eight tonight. They didn't, I mean they were 16 or 50, they got up 50 threes. Buddy Hill did what Buddy Hill does.


He comes off the bench, lighten it up. He had 17. But this game was about SGA. They don't really have anybody. Andrew Wickers tried his hand. Minga tried his hand. PKI poin tried his hand. But that didn't work. I mean, look what you wanna do. I mean the guy's an Allstar for a reason. He is an all NBA player for a reason. You just wanna try to neutralize him somewhat. Ocho you're not, that's the hard gonna stop him, but just keep him from getting his average, you know, he averaged 30 last year, so, so we're not surprised that he's scoring 30 now. But if you gonna have a chance to beat this team, you are gonna have to keep him under that.


Yeah. Because if you let him get, because if you let him get his number, what have you actually done? Hmm. Nothing. Nothing. But the fact that, that's the funny thing about it. He can score from anywhere on the field. Any anyone on the court, he can score from anyone. Ice iceo ball he give, he give you what you want off the picky, gimme what you want. He can pull up. Yep. I mean off the Shit he do every goddamn damn thing. So we even, even when you talk about neutralize him, there's really nothing you can do. Nothing you can do except you wanna make it one dimensional where if you going lose it ain't gonna be from nobody else except the best player on that goddamn court. Yeah. You gotta make it as difficult as you possibly can. I mean, you look, he was three or 12, but he hit the most important one, which was a step back three.


So you, you got him shooting under 50%. He was 13 to 28. So you made it, you, I mean, to get 35 points, he had to take 28 shots. So he wasn't as efficient. Right. He didn't shoot the free throw. Well, he was six or 10 from the free throw. He was three or 12 from the three. You made it difficult on him. But the thing about a great player, he might struggle, but when the, when it matters the most, he's gonna find a way to put the ball in the basket. Yeah. And that's what, and that's what all the greats have been able to do. That's what makes them great. That's what sets them apart, is that they can be having a crappy game, but in the blink of an eye, they can turn it on OCHO and go get, and, and the final seven, eight minutes of a ball game go get you 10 to 12. And that's, that's the mark of a great player. But I think Shaa is probably only like 25, 24, 25 years of age.


Oh man. So he's only going to get, he haven't even really hit his prime yet. If they say the NBA your prime is 27, 28. Right. He ain't even close to that. Yeah, he's not even close to that. This team can build, they got a bunch of young, young players that's only gonna get better. They're together. I think they sincerely, genuinely like each other because a lot of 'em is in close proximity to the same age. So they have a lot of the same, they probably like a lot of the same thing. Ocho you know, they like to scream. They play video games. Yeah. Or what whatev whatever. Hell, 24, 25. They light been 24, 25. They got a lot of common 30 years. So yeah. So I don't, I don't, I I have no idea what those guys that age do, obviously, you know, they take the game, the game of basketball serious.


And I like to see that. I like to see young teams because a lot of times when teams losing, they blame you. They rate age. These guys. Even you look at Houston, you look at those young guys, I saw Jalen Green go go off again. 41 points. They beat the sixes in overtime. But I, I love what I'm seeing with OKCI, I love what I'm seeing. Step, like I said, step's out been a very interesting game had he played. But OKC congratulations. You win the game. I think they played the Lakers on Friday in season tournament game. And this is gonna have huge repercussion because they might have the same record. They, if the Lakers beat them, the Lakers will beat three in one.


But the problem that they have, they lost by so many point differential will come into play. Right. If you have the same record as someone else. Now obviously if you win all your games, it's a moot point, you're undefeated. But if you share the same record, now we gotta bring point differential and the Lakers were plus 11. Well they lost by 27 last night, so now they're minus 16. Dang. Yeah. So it, it's, it's, it's not, it's not, it's not looking, it's not looking good for the Lakers and, and the end season and, and defending their end season tournament. So hey, we'll see how that, we'll see how that goes. The Lakers beat the Spurs one 19 to 1 0 1. LeBron James had a triple double his sixth triple double of the season.


He had five all of last year. The Lakers against team with winning records are four and six Lakers against team with losing records are seven and seven and one Look finally they played a third quarter ocho. Yeah. If you go back and look at the Lakers, look at the Lakers when they played at Denver, I think Denver outscored 'em like 75 to 21 in the second half. Yeah. They had a seventh eight point lead at the half. And the next thing you know, they don't guard. So it's a layup line. They don't defend a three. It's a, it's a shoot around three fest for the opposing team. Right. And we saw the same thing happen last night, guys driving all, ain't nobody stopping nobody.


Everybody pointing. No, you get your ass over there and stop him. Yeah. Stop, stop trying, trying to take the easy man out. Get hey get no bro, that's you. 'cause every time I go get him, people gonna think that's my man that I got beat. But I like the way they played tonight. They got really battle scored. They had seven guys in double figures. Anthony Davis, 19 Quiet Knight, he only take 14 shots. But he had 19 points. 14 rebounds, seven assists on the block. LeBron as we mentioned, a triple double 16 points. 11 rebounds. No 11 assists. 10 rebounds. Yeah. Ruy had 16. Austin Reeves had 13. The best move of the night. They in Reinserted, Dalton connect into the starting lineup and they let Ruy come off the bench.


No Ruy started and that means Cam Reddish came off the bench because they had, you know, made a switch. They took dlo out the starting line up, put Cam reddish in, they leave Hartie Moore in and they take Cam out and they leave put Connect back in Connect. Unbelievable. Because he could space the floor With Listen. And you got 17 from dlo and you got 12 from Max Christie. And again Gabe Vincent got Greg cardio in. Yeah. Hey look, you know, you know the leaguers, the leaguers 80, I'm, I'm gonna just say with 80 and LeBron who was supposed to be the leaders and and supposed to obviously be your best two players with them tonight. You know, both of 'em having a slow start. I mean this was really good. I'm not sure if JJ did this purposely with the lineup, but he had the lineup that he had tonight.


They were able to the shoulder, the offensive load with the slow star from AD and LeBron. Well AD didn't have that many shots. Normally AD was shooting like he's been shooting very well, he's shooting 56% from the floor. Right. But 14 shots you're not gonna do much. So I can live with that. LeBron had another, he didn't shoot the ball. Well tonight he was O2 from three. The thing that I liked the most tells me he wasn't aggressive as he needed to be. 'cause he shot zero free throws. So that wasn't he telling, that's telling me he wasn't as aggressive as he needed to be. I liked the Lakers. There were 10 for 10 from the free throw line. Now had it been 10 for 10 from the free throw line the other night, they wouldn't have lost to Orlando. Yeah. But then in the last 30 seconds they missed four of six and Guy Wagner Bogner hit a step back three and they ended up losing the game.


Right. But I like this. I like the balance scoring Ocho, they shot 53% from the floor. They shot 38% from the three, a hundred percent from the three throw line. They still turning the ball over a little bit too much. Especially LeBron. LeBron right now is averaging probably about five turnovers a game. Yeah. Real sloppy with the ball. In order for you to go-kart, you can't turn it over. You pay double for turnover. Right. Just like in football lot Joe. You turn the ball over, you're gonna get run outs. So you think JJ is gonna stick with this line up this line up from I do out with the, I mean with the way, with the way they performed, even though AD and LeBron had a slow start, hell the goddamn not only the bench but the lineup that he did have in there. They showed that the officer load because AIE and LeBron had such a slow start.


They got off to a, they got off to a slow start. They were started off. San Antonio had a nine two lead. Yeah. And the next thing you know, the Lakers take over the ball game and they don't look back from that point because you got connect. He's the best shooter. He's the guy that can take the three and when he takes the three you expected to go in. He's, he's built up that kind of cache. The other guys are streaky. Three point shooters. Right. All re's, not a great three point shooter, but he's streaky. LeBron is streaky, Ruit is streaky of all these guys. They don't have pure three point shooters like a clay, like a steal, like a buddy hill. And you know guys like that that shoot the three. But you have to put so much emphasis on it because everybody's shooting it.


That's why you see the Lakers. The Lakers got up 34 of them. Even though you're like, hopefully we can make 13, hopefully we can make 14. Right. But I thought they did a great job. Wi Weby Connect had 20 points. He had eight rebounds, he got some ups. The thing that I love about him, he just doesn't settle. If you run him off the three point line, he'll put the ball on the floor, get to the midrange, he can finish all the way at the rim. He got nice ups. LeBron is doing a great job of finding him. Sneaking base line. Umhmm LeBron is hitting for a couple of LOBs this year. So I like him. He's more athletic than you think. Right. But he could really, he could really shoot the basketball on the Spur side.


You know they got, they got some, you know, look Wim is is the guy, but he didn't, he was nine or 20 to nine. He was two or nine from the three I think sometimes bro at seven, four and a half. Man, get your ass down on the block. Yeah. Stop shooting all them threes. I just, because you can shoot them. Yeah. Just because you can make them. I don't think he should live by that. Right. And I think the thing is, look, he's gonna have to, he's gonna have to put on some weight, all that damn cooking. All the, the Mexican food that they got down there and sold kitchen, the sold food they got in San Antonio. Get your and a couple of these restaurants and get some biscuits and, and some tacos and burritos and some hog malls and all that. Right. And put some weight on you. But yeah, nine or 20. Oh huh?


Some churros. Yeah. Ashley, they got churro. That's Ashley neck of the woods, so, but Huh? Chuck Charles. Oh, Charles Mark. Okay. Yeah. O Charles. I just think, look, I think he's gonna be really good. I mean, a guy that high, that size right, that height. He not size that height. Right. Can move. He can shoot the three, but sometimes, bro, he shot zero at seven, four and a half. Yeah. You shot zero free throws. Yeah. Zero. You know, you, you gotta you gotta understand too what, what he's comfortable with. Huh. You know, you might wanna play, you, you might want him to play in the post with his, with his back to the basket. But maybe tonight well just, wasn't it, maybe tonight just wasn't it? I for him.


If it is, if it, it's outside game mid range. Three point is where he feels comfortable and he's not. And he's not hitting those shots then that got, that got a call, got to come from inside the house on the bench. Hey, get your ass down in the post run plays for him to be down in the post with his back, with his back against the basket. If, if, if that's the case. So from the outside looking in, hell the coach need to say something. If anything, if you missing your shots. What they tell the shooter? Keep on shooting. Yeah, but I hear ain't no shooter. You don't think so? Hell nah. No. That ain't what he is. Steph's the shooter. Dame Lier play Thompson Buddy Hill. I mean those, the shooters.


Hold on, hold on, hold on. He, he listen, he's not that bad. He's not that, that, that, that bad mid range. The three he hears the both of them People. Now if you shoot 35%, they, they feel like I should have the green light to take 10. Okay. You make 35%, but you, you sell four, you get down on the block, you gonna get five or you're gonna shoot 55% from the floor. Okay, I see you guys. I see that's my thing. A combination. It's not like, it's not like Steph can post up. That's not Steph's game. No, but Steph, if you run him off the three and he don't feel comfortable with the side step, he'll go all the way to the basket. Now he ain't gonna play above the rim, but he got a nice float game. Yeah. Trey young, nice float game.


Dang nice float game. Right. So you got to have a package, you got to do more than one thing in order to be really good or to be great in this league. Right. He's supposed to be great. He can rebound the basketball, he can block shots. I mean there are a lot of times guys are very hesitant to shoot the ball when he's in the vicinity. They'll pass it back out because they don't want him to throw his, throw their shot into the fourth row. So they're very hesitant to try him at the realm. Right. He also knows that I'm gonna get dunked on something, but I'm gonna get more than y'all get me. And I'm gonna make you guys hesitant. I'm not gonna be hesitant to try you, but I'll make you hesitant to try me.


That's what I just, that's, that's just me personally. Ocho I just think nine of 22 or nine and you don't have zero free throw attempts. So that tells me you spending too much time outside. Outside. Yeah. That's what that tells me. But LeBron, like I said, LeBron was LeBron a triple double, 16 points, 10 rebounds. He needed to bounce back 'cause he didn't play. He didn't play well at all last night.


Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a Guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy Riding


Black Friday has officially started@blinds.com and the savings are huge. Right now you can save Up to 50% sitewide and score premium doorbusters and a free professional measure. Don't wait. These deals are happening right now. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings is a small project with big results and blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. With blinds.com there are no long lines or confusing quotes. You shop online without sacrificing quality, style or service. One of our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. We can even handle everything from Measure to install. Plus you get window treatments for your whole home installed for just one low cost With over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings blinds dot com's Black Friday Sales Event is happening now with our best deals of the season. Save Up to 50% Sitewide and score premium doorbusters and a free professional measure@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Upside


Black Friday football is on and it's Only on Prime video this Friday, the Las Vegas Raiders take on the Kansas City Chiefs. It's an old school rivalry for a new game day. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Streett and Kaley Hartung for this exciting matchup. This game reminds me so much of my childhood. When I think games in the nineties, I think the Chiefs Raiders primetime games. It makes me nostalgic for the game I love 'cause coverage begins at one 30 Eastern and kickoff at 3:00 PM Not a prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you cancel at any time. It's Black Friday football. The Raiders in the Chiefs at one 30 Eastern and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon. Prime For details.


What you drinking there? I mean, what do you mean what am I drinking? What do you think of this beer? It's fantastic. Well, What is it called? What? What is it? Hi Oli. Hi. Hi. High Aai. Yeah, I mean it's spelled Jai. JAI It looks like It says Ja aai beer. Yeah, I mean listen, but okay, the point is it's about the taste really. And the taste is phenomenal. So what you're saying to me is if I'm going to get an IPAI should get this Ja Hala Hi Aai. Hi Aai Bold. Okay. Sounds pretty good. Citrusy beer and an IPA to boot from Cigar City Brewing. Highlight unique high naming. It was inspired. I'm starting to get it. Look it, you know the International Sport High? The International Sport Highlight. All right, highlight. It came to the us Yes, it hit its us cultural peak in the mid seventies. I mean, you may not be able to pronounce it, but we can promise you you can drink it. It is fantastic. Hi aai. The best beer you probably can't pronounce to find Hili IPA near you. Visit cigar city brewing.com/beer/hi-ally. That's JAI dash a l ai. Please drink responsibly ale from Cigar City Brewing Tampa, Florida. Hi ya Lie IPA.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.


Riley says he doesn't count the Spurs or the warriors as NBA dynasty. There have been three dynasties in my mind. Boston in the sixties, Showtime, Lakers, Michael. Six and eight years was Dynasty without a doubt. I don't know if there's one now wait A minute. I mean, you don't count four in six years of the dynasty. I mean, I would, I would, I would. I would think so. Would, so may, may. I mean, it depends on what Pat Riley's criteria is. Maybe his criteria is different than everybody else's. I mean, First of all, you can't count, couldn't Possibly Be O Joe. In the sixties when the Celtics won, they had eighteens that eighteens right now. And from the beginning they had seven Hall of Famers.


At one point in time, 11 of the 1213 players were Hall of Famers. Yeah. So I I would like to think that you should win win. You know, they won eight in a row, right? Damn. But I, I mean, how, how is that not, I mean, the Lakers won five in nine years. Four in six years, not a dynasty. Yeah. So if the Lakers, and so if Golden State won another, that means they've won five in nine years. So I'm, I'm just, I'm confused. Yeah, I mean we, we got ocho. Yeah, I'm a old head too. Ocho you know, look, I love, I love the era that I played in. I'm protective of it, but I also give credit where credit is due. Right. It's okay to give these new teams credit.


That doesn't diminish what you did in the eighties. That doesn't diminish the Celtics in the sixties. That doesn't diminish Mike. They did that. But what, so if somebody don't win six, they can't be a so somebody don't win six in that year. Oh man, there ain't no dynasty. Right. Don't win. Come on, bro. Yeah, I mean, it, it doesn't make any sense, obviously, obviously being an old head and having a difference of opinion when it comes to the criteria on what he feels the dynasty is, there's a, there's a complete disconnect. Well, so if the Celtic player's Game from, from today's game as opposed to the game back in the day, Lemme ask you this. So if the Celtics say, if you don't win eight in a row, you're not a dynasty And shit. And that, that ain't thank you.


That's happening. That's, that's, that's not happening. To be, to be able to keep a team's core players together long enough to even win eight is damn near impossible. Yeah. And again, in the game of basketball is different today anyway. It's completely different. So the chance of doing that, it's also impossible. And, and I might be wrong and if I'm wrong, please correct me. The game of basketball was a little different. Yes. I don't wanna say easier. I'm not saying a little easier. But as opposed to the players today and how, how much more skilled and more athletic they are Yeah. Making the ball better Went back to back like they would as opposed to how they was doing back then. You didn't have centers that could shoot the ball.


Like these guys could shoot the ball now and that's okay. There was no 16 guys like Anthony Davis. There was no guy like Joe LM Bead. There's no guy like Nicola Yoic. And that's okay. That's not to diminish those guys. Those guys were great, but the guys the skill, there are more guys that are able to do more things than they were back then. And don't give me that. Well, they didn't do it. Well if they could, they would've done it. They they would've done it. That that's the thing. That's that's what when Jordan, he realize like, you know what, I'm flying through the air, but if I wanna expand my game, I gotta get this mid-range. Right. So he worked on that. If guys could really shoot the three, they worked on it and they got good at it.


Like these guys have, I mean, there are not very many bigs that can't shoot the three ball in today's game. Mocho. Right. It's almost a, it's almost a prerequisite. You've got to look at all your bigs, look at all your great bigs. I'm talking about the symbol like Yoki and the bead Anthony Davis, they can shoot it. Yeah. Even Kevin R's not a five, but Kevin ran six and a half. Six 11. He can shoot it. It's just, I, I just, I just don't like the fact that we, that we, we don't want to give these guys credit. Yeah. The league is different. Y'all didn't want look at the attendance with, all they did was fight.


Look at the attendance in the nineties with all them hard ass foul. Right. Nobody wanted that. People like scoring as much as y'all complain. That's what y'all wanna see. Y'all ain't bet nobody, I ain't never seen nobody parly where they said, hold this team under 90 points or defense. No, y'all won't scoring y'all won touchdowns, you won home runs, you want threes and then when the the league gives it to you, it is what it is. I look, I understand the game is different. I understand that they've legislated a lot of physicality out of the game of basketball, out of the game of football. I understand that Ocho and we understand why in football, right.


With the lawsuits, the concussions, the, the, the the guys being leaving the game and a lot of 'em being injured. We get it. Yeah. But isn't that what you wanted? Who wants to go to a game and see what they used to see in the nineties? Fing 73. 71 the entire game. That was the final score. Right? You don't nobody wanna see that. Just like baseball. Oh, a one nothing Ball game. The purest man, I wanna see 10, 11 to 10 wanna see home runs. Yes. I wanna see the ball go, go over. I wanna see the ball flying over the wall. I wanna see a bunch of up and down I look. I ain't saying I wanna see the NBA Allstar game. I don't wanna see that bull drive.


Right. Right, right, right, right. But I do want, I do wanna see teams getting up and down. I wanna see a game that getting to the hundreds. But I disagree with Pat Riley. Pat Riley also said that he could have won six Champ Up to six championships if LeBron had stayed. Okay. Yeah. That agree. Had you got some help? Agree. I can agree. I can agree with that. LeBron had stayed. D Wade was there, but D Wade had started to break down. D Wade, D Wade's a little older. Remember D Wade had bad knees coming into it. Right. And for him to get as many years as he did, yeah. It lets you know how well he had taken care of his body. Right. But at his age, you gotta realize D Wade went to school three years, so he's already three to four years older than LeBron.


So when he gets in at that, at that juncture, D Wade came in in 2004, 3 0 3. LeBron was, oh he, he oh three. So LeBron last year was what? 2013. So think about that. That's 13, that's 14 years. So he got in, he's damn already about 36, 37. Think at 14. Lost to first at 14. So yeah. So that's already 11 years. So if he coming in, he's coming into the NBA OCHO at 23, 22, 23.


So he at least 22. At least 22. Right. So now he's already 33. I still think they Could, could have did it though. Hey we, we got the LeBron, we got, we got LeBron. You had D Wade. What's, what's tall young bull name man. Oh, Chris Bosch. Yeah, Chris Bosch. But you gotta remember Ocho the next year he got those blood clots. Yeah. I mean just hypothetically speaking, if he didn't have the issue with the blood clots, I think it was possible. But what's the likelihood? Because that's something that you can't, you can't factor in. Right. He got the blood clots and he really never played anymore after that. After that. Yeah. D Wade, d Wade knees have started to get bulky on him or Ray Allen was older.


Yeah. He could grow. But he had done, he had, because we gotta remember when when LeBron left, Ray retired, did Ray retired. Ray retired. So he was done. I think Rio ended up, didn't Rio end up tearing his ACL? I mean Ocho in order to win multiple ships, a lot of things have to go. Right. Right. And that they don't, that don't, that doesn't always happen. And I get it because Pat, pat, look, pat tried to collect jewelry. Pat Pat's the ring collector. Yeah. At this point of his career, the only thing that matters to him is Rings. Rings. Yeah. And he realized the likelihood of him ever getting, he loves Jimmy Butler ain't LeBron.


And the likelihood of him ever getting another one of those is not happening. Right. And he knows without that type of player, it's hard. It's hard to win. Unless you got guys like you got a Jalen Brown, you got a Jason Tatum that you groomed, that you got together and they're okay with each other. Play it off of each other. One doesn't get mad if somebody gets more credit or more pub and you don't have the bickering. That's why, that's why Kareem and Magic, you got us big and a little ka. You've been here with how you wanted Magic was always, was always deferential to Kareem, Kobe and Shaq buddy tore apart and boom, prematurely it was gone.


You look at Clay, you look at Step stay Clay like, okay, I'll be the second or third grader shooter ever. I'm cool with that. Right. They stayed together, they went four Tyre and LeBron boom, whatever happens, they start the butt split it up. Yeah. So a lot. You got a lot of times though, you gotta swallow your pride. You gotta I started watching the Dynasty today. The story about the Patriots. Right. Take a look. Look at it. It's good. Yeah. All right. Lemme check. I'm gonna check that out. Yeah, check that out. Yeah, it's very good.


Stefan Marberry on the goat debate. How is LeBron better than Joe Wooden? He, is it better than Kobe? I'm trying to figure that out. Oh man. Man, this is an ongoing debate. It Is. And you're not gonna settle it. You got people in Jordan's corner, you got people in LeBron. But what I don't understand on your lip Bill, I'm gonna let you go on this. This is what I don't understand. If you support LeBron, you getting paid. So how much is Jordan and Kobe paying his supporters? Nobody will answer that. Right. 'cause if you say something, you on clutch payroll. So, but when they say on Kobe, is Kobe estate paying you? Right? Are you getting free shoes? Are you getting free gear from Jordan? Is Jordan paying you? That's all I wanna know.


If y'all can answer that, I'm cool. Right Where you are on that debate. If you say Jordan, if you say Kobe, if you say magic, if you say Shaq, you say Kareem, you say LeBron. Right. More time than not, people are already dug in. It's kind of like the election people had their mind made up. It was gonna be President Trump. You not moving them off that. Right. You're not having both. Yeah. So why do you waste your time? I saw Jordan, I saw LeBron. I'm cool either way. I know who I feel. Right. And I'm good with it. Yeah. I ain't losing no sleep over it. But man, it's, it's, it is very difficult when we talk about the greats, the elite, the elite greats that, that are in the class of their own.


Especially when it comes to football. You know, your tos j Rainey Moss, your, your, your, your Jerry Rices, the, you talk about your, your LeBrons, your goddamn, Michael Jordans, Jacob, Kobe Bryants. I mean these, these dudes are the the cream, the cream of the crop at their respective crafts. And you have to nitpick and, and, and be and and, and take a fine tooth comb just to be able to separate the two. You know, I mean, or actually the three. And in this case, and I think it all comes down to preference. I think It all comes. It does. On, on the, huh Huh. Jordan had the prettiest game you've ever seen. You wanna see somebody hang in the air. Right. Right, right, right. And levitate, he was the first guy that we really saw Ocho that, that Connie Hawkins could glide through the air.


Dr. J could glide through the air. But when we really got, when basketball really hit magic and Jordan, and then Jordan came along that got elevated flying through the air with his tongue hanging out. I'm like, okay. He different. Yeah, he Different. It's gotta be the shoes. But then, and then he had all the commercials. He had the, the Hayes and he had the No, yeah. Hayes. And he had the air Jordan and he had Gatorade and he had all, he was, he was it. Yeah. He made dark-skinned Cool. Good again. Yeah. 'cause before him, elder Barge and Chico, the barge and, and, and, and Al be sure man, brother couldn't get no plate. Right. He couldn't get, he couldn't get nothing.


And but, but then you look, you look, you got, you got Kobe who comes along young, 17, 18-year-old who mimicked and idolized Jordan and took some of his mannerisms. That same, that MABA mentality, that same killer instinct when it came to playing the, the game of basketball. Well, he ain't give nobody No grace. Yeah. No grace. He had that same killer instinct, you know, out there on the court and the mannerisms, the movements, the, the style of play. It was damn near the same. Right. And then, and then LeBron shows up and that's why I say it's, it's three different, almost three different areas. Eras where they kind of kind of crossed and messed a little bit.


But, and like, I mean, do we I don't know why. We just enjoy all of them, you know, and not have to put 'em, put 'em up against each other when it comes to who's the best at what they do. Yeah. I mean, none, none of these guys had the expectations that LeBron had. Right. Much. So Kobe got a chance just to blend in. 96, 97, 98, they happened. Kobe was came off the bench. LeBron never came off the bench. Yeah. LeBron could have been a start in the NBA in high school. That's how great he was. Jordan hit the floor. Jordan was running, Jordan was second team. All the NBA, he averaged 28 points a game. He was sensational. Right. But Jordan didn't have the expectations because we hadn't seen a guy come out, Kevin Dur, Kevin Dur, Kevin Garret Garnet was the high first high school player that had come out of straight from high school in a very long time.


Right. But even KG did not have the expectations. What LeBron had. Yeah. It was different. And whatever you thought LeBron might be, if you thought LeBron, LeBron has exceeded expectations, nobody thought he's a past first. When people say, well, look at how many times Jordan shot the ball at least 22 times a game in his career. Look how many times LeBron shot the get ball. 22 times a game in his career or season like 12 or 13 to joined 15 season, he shot the ball at least 22 times. Right. So if you extrapolate that Now here, iss LeBron, he's number one in points.


He's top five in assist. You're never gonna see that again. You're never gonna see that again. Right. So compelling arguments that you can make for whomever you decide. But that's Stefan Marble's opinion. He, look, I don't think he's very fond of LeBron. That's okay. That's okay. Like I said, I like, look, everybody know y'all just saw me on whatnot selling about 300 pairs of shoes. It damned me 250 of 'em with Jordan. So y'all know what I feel about Jordan. And I got a boatload, a bunch of Kobes that I don't even know if I'm gonna get rid of those.


But it's just, it, it's, it's all, it's a preference. But the question is, if y'all, if if Kobe hadn't, the body hadn't broken down, y'all think Kobe would've stopped at 20 years or he kept playing, don't you Kept playing. If Jordan body hadn't broken down, do you think he'd have stopped at 15 seasons or he kept playing? Kept playing, Thank you. Kept playing. Don't get mad. And LeBron, because LeBron took care of himself and his body hadn't betrayed him yet. Kobe, Kobe took care of himself. But he started having, you know, he had the Achilles injury, Hees injury, you know, at that age, at that age, at that juncture of your career.


Ocho, you get one of those man. Yeah. You know, bar time, bro. But he had tor his labrum. His, you know, it was just the wear tear Too Much. You know, 'cause Kobe was going, they was going to the NBA finals and they fought. They having long seasons and his body just broke down. Jordan gonna get his cigars in. Jordan gonna get on them. Sticks hard. Oh yeah. Jordan had them one man, hey, the thing be lasting two, three days. He probably going through three or four of a day. But look, if you like Jordan, I ain't gonna fight you. If you like Kobe, I ain't gonna fight you. If you like LeBron welcome home.


But if you don't like LeBron, I don't dislike you. Right. It's just a preference. Anthony Edwards had a lot to say this evening. Don't Joe Sadie feels like the team is growing apart, that they can't talk to each other anymore. It's everyone. He's not singling out the newbies since everyone has their own agendas right now. And we gotta look up everybody, chair effing hype. We get down and don't nobody say nothing. That's the definition of front running. We're a team, including myself. We're all front runners tonight. It was some bull drive for sure. You know, it, it all teams go through this. Every, every, everybody go through this every, every, every once in a while.


And it is still early in the season. If you gonna have a time like this, the first thing you gotta do is, hey, you the captain, I'm, I'm sure you the captain, the one of the leads of the team, he call the goddamn team meeting, call the goddamn team meeting. Man. Listen man, we, we, we, we ain't finna, we can't rock like this. If, if not, if we trying to reach the end goal before the season started, we know what the end goal is, but we can't be operating like this, not this early shit. Y'all better get it to fuck together. Yeah, I agree. It's just tough Ocho because now you have expectations. You went to the Western conference finals last year. Mm. But what I don't get is that you went to the Western conference finals and you traded your second best player.


Ah, Did with the something that we don't know. Did he and Kat, I thought he and Kat, when I sat down with Kat, he had a great, he talked about they have a great relationship. You don't really know Ocho. Right. Unless you in that locker room, you really don't know. But I have no reason to believe that Kat was lying. Right. You like Julius I Don't know if he is as good a fit as, as Kat. Right. Okay, okay. Okay. I don't like him with Ka I don't like George with Kat. Right. Like I like Kat with aunt.


Okay, I see, I see, I see, I see. That's what I meant to say. I don't like Ant with Julius. Like I did Ant with Kat. With Kat. Okay. But the ex you and you got expectations now. And sometimes the hardest thing is to overcome is expectations. You see, when you weren't doing anything, y'all missed the playoffs and you weren't going very far. Now you have expectations. People expect you to be great. That's the hardest thing. That's what people don't understand about greatness is that, that once you reach that level, it's to stay there. Yeah. We see a lot of guys go to a Pro Bowl one year, be an all pro one year, but can you do it year after year, year after year, game after game, month after month? That's what's, that's what's so spectacular is that you have this, I mean, Tom Brady got there and he stayed there.


Peyton Manning got there and he stayed there. Mahome since he's been a star has been there. Right. And you look at the other graves, you look at a JJ Wat, you look at a TJ Watt, you look at these guys, the Reggie Whites, the Dion's, the Jerry's. Now obviously once you start getting later, later, you're not gonna be what you were Ocho you know, year five. And here you are year 14, 15. Quarterbacks can, but it gets harder and harder for skilled position players. Like I said, Jerry's an anomaly. Jerry played 26. Jerry's an anomaly. ocho. Right, right. You're not gonna get, you're not gonna find another Jerry Rice, a guy that has a thou he has over 1200 yards at 40 plus. That ain't happening. Right. At 42, he had a hundred yard game ocho.


Can you imagine? Yeah. Hey, he's the goat for a reason. And the thing is though, Ocho is that you get to the western of conference finals with Kat and an, and you move ka An I mean, I mean listen, that, that, that might have been something internally and it, they, it just never ever got out. You know, they, they kept it under wraps. Kat maybe voice his frustrations about being there and they, they, they made it happen. I, I, i look Leon Rose used to be a CAA. Now he's running here in Worldwide West. They're running the, the Knicks That was Kat's first agent, I think, if I'm not mistaken.


Right. So obviously Katz from the Jersey area, this is great. I mean, it's, he could've been, they could have traded into a worse place. But in talking to him, he wanted to build on what they had started. You know, like, okay, I got here. We, we were bad at first, but now we got, you know, we got Ant we got a superstar to pair alongside with me. We can go places. Right. You know, Mike Conley orchestrating everything. You got Rudy, you got Daniels, you got some, you got some nice pieces. Ocho Yeah. Na re coming off the bench. I just did that. I, I'm surprised that they made that move considering how far they got the previous year.


So You don't, you don't think, you don't think, you don't think their chance of making the Western Conference final are good having Julius no. Ah, No. I don't


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability, they're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames. Ultra offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


Black Friday. Football is on and it's Only on Prime video this Friday, the Las Vegas Raiders take on the Kansas City Chiefs. It's an old school rivalry for a new game day. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Streete and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. This game reminds me so much of my childhood. When I think games in the nineties, I think the Chiefs Raiders primetime games. It makes me nostalgic for the game I love 'cause coverage begins at one 30 Eastern and kickoff at 3:00 PM Not a prime Member, not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's Black Friday Football, the Raiders and the Chiefs at one 30 Eastern. And it's on Prime Video Restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon. Prime For details?


Mm. What are you drinking there? I mean, what do you mean? What am I drinking?


What do you think of this beer? Well, it's fantastic. Well, what is it called? What? What is it? High Oli. Hi. Hi. High Oli. Yeah, I mean it's spelled Jai. JAI. It looks like It says Jai Beer. Yeah. I mean, listen, but, okay. The point is, it's about the taste really. And the taste is phenomenal. So what you're saying to me is if I'm going to get an IPAI should get this Ja halah Ha aai Ha aai bold. Okay. Sounds pretty good. Citrusy beer and an IPA to boot from Cigar City Brewing. Hi, AAI. Unique high naming. It was inspired. I'm starting to get it. Look it, you know the International Sport High? The International Sport High Aai. Alright. High aai. It came to the us Yes, it hit its US cultural peak in the mid seventies. I mean, you may not be able to pronounce it, but we can promise you you can drink it. It is fantastic. High aai. The best beer you probably can't pronounce to find Highli IPA near you. Visit cigar city brewing.com/beer/hi Ali. That's JAI dash a LA. ai Please drink responsibly ale from Cigar City Brewing, Tampa, Florida. You lie IPA.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping point designation. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for Business. The university used integrated iot devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Boogie Cousins believed that Zion Williamson was set Up to fail by being drafted to a city like New Orleans.


I thought, I thought it was a bad decision. Let's rewind all the way back when this guy's getting drafted. We knew he was going to New Orleans and it was a weight concern that was bad then New Orleans is a place that just gives help. That's a place that you going to gain 10 pounds. You go out there and drink, have a good time. That's what the culture is in New Orleans. So to put that kid in situation like they expect them thrive. That was the first mistake. Come on the city had nothing to do with him playing 190 games over five ocho. Yeah. So I'm not supposed So he's the best talent in the draft. Yeah. I'm not gonna draft it because of New Orleans is one of the fattiest cities in the USA. Right. But I'm not gonna draft it because Come on. I mean, listen, we can't make no, we can't make no excuses now.


You know? Yes. That's deal. Once you get drafted, you get your team of people that understand that have your best at heart, and knowing what it takes for you to compete at a high level and live Up to the expectations that you had coming out of coming outta college. It's pretty simple. It's not hard. It's, it is not rocket science. No. Take the game of basketball serious. Like you've always taken it all your life. Now that you've been afforded the opportunity to live out your childhood dream, it's not that difficult. We've seen a lot of players do it, especially if you wanna be great at what you do. You wanna be great at your current. He doesn't want be great. You wanna play, you wanna play very, very long. Not get your money. He doesn't. And then fo He doesn't.


Zion had the problem. What I told my kids, I can't want something more than than you want it for yourself. Right. Everybody wants Zion to get in shape except Zion. Everybody wants Zion to have discipline except Zion. So how can I want something? How can the team want something more for him than he wants it for himself? Right. That's why they put it in contract. Look at it got in his contract that he has to hit weight clauses because they know him. Mm. That's not the team fault. That ain't, that ain't, that ain't got nothing to do with New Orleans. That's Zion didn't know he was no discipline as Right. That's all that comes down to. Ocho discipline requires you to do your very best when no one else is watching, doing what you want need to do instead of what you want to do.


I know I want to eat these, this gumbo. I want to eat this jumbo alive. I want to eat this po boy. I want to eat this at two faith, this bane. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But what I need to do is to hire me a personal chef and eat fish, and eat chicken and eat Turkey and eat lean cuts of meat and eat veggies. But that's not what he, that's not what he, that's not what he need. That's what he want, wants to do. So he eats that bull drive. Right. And then everybody talk, make excuses for him. He just, a big people talk about Shannon, look at a elephant. He, all he eat is grass. Yeah. But he eat 400 pounds of it a day. That's why his ass big.


Yeah. Look at a whale. Yeah. But you eat thousands and thousands of pounds of crib, you gonna be big, Big. Yeah. Zion doesn't have discipline. Y'all gotta stop making excuses. What he a hundred million two. Do you see with the money that Jason Tatum just got? Yeah. That could be ion Yeah. His, his approach to the game is completely different. His approach to the game is completely different. And he Himself out the league, huh? Well, I got, you know, Hey, ask for a trial with the Saints. Yeah. They play left tackle baby. He could play dn. They don't give a damn. I give You can get in the NFL. Yeah. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Lemme turn this AC down. Boy.


I'm cold like shit. I, I, I, man, I don't get it. I don't ch I Chad, y'all, y'all can't convince me. Now y'all done made the excuses and I'm not trying to shame the man, but this is embarrassing. This is embarrassing. He don't care enough about the game. But y'all mad at me when I call him out and says he's undisciplined. That he doesn't, he doesn't, he's not trying. Well, maybe well stop. Yeah. Y'all say let the kid eat, even though the man eating himself out of a job. Y'all sound, I I I could see the guy that said that, that tells him everything I need to know about you. That says, that says more about you than it tells about him.


Let the, you see a man sabotage it himself and you say, let him continue down this road. But then y'all quick to say why the vest didn't pull him aside. Why didn't, Shannon, why didn't you reach out? Why didn't you try to help? Because dumb dumbs like you jump in the chat and say, let the man eat. Y'all the same ones that when AB was on that bull drive, let that man live his life. Shannon, you done live yours. You don't know what you talking about. Now look, it's embarrassing. You know? I know. Think about what you said. A lee, he's only 22 and he that big.


What do big kids become big adults? Ba baby hell of a are are cute and cuddly. What do they grow up to be Big? This man, somebody in the chance say, let that man live his life. Another dude talking about he only 22 up. He that big at 22. How old he going? How big is he gonna be at 25 Ocho? How big he gonna be at 30? What? What about when you retire? Hey, what's cold as hell? Ain't here? Boy, my bad shit. But see, but see, when, when, when, when they always say when ain't have nobody in this corner, the veterans, but when be try to tell, listen what what people have tried to, I guarantee people in the locker room have tried to tell Zoar, bro, Ocho, I got somebody prepare my meals.


I've had somebody prepare my meals for the last 10, 15 years. I make nearly the money. You mean to tell me you got a hu almost a $200 million contract and you can't pay a hundred thousand or 150,000? Because I look at it as an investment. Oh, you buy something for it. You vest in something. Right. You expect that thing to place huge dividends down the road. Yeah, most definitely. People bought Bitcoin for a little bit. Look at it now. People bought Apple, Google, Netflix, Navita, whatever the case may be. You invest a little, you get a lot. Right. Okay. You mean to tell me I can't invest in me? You mean to tell me I can't invest in me, I can't spend a million, do I can't spend a million dollars, $2 million to get 50, $70 million a year in return.


Yeah, but listen, this, this, this is a case that we always talk about as a player, you have to want it for yourself. You can't want it more than him. No. So people in the locker room telling them coaches, telling them friends, telling them whether it be family, telling them until he gets it through his mind. In order for me to function at the best of my ability at the highest level and become, remain one of the greats and live Up to the expectations that we all thought, you know, he would be, he has to wanna do it. We can't complain about it. I said Navita, I didn't say no Nevada. Cassie. I said Navita, but okay.


Yeah, but close. I ain't say no. No Nevada. I know I didn't say that. I mean, Ocho the guys missed 190 games in five seasons. Yeah. 190 games. That damn near 40 games a season. Yeah, but I know one thing. Huh? Hit he Out again. Yeah, I know one thing. What? I know what I know what I know what he look like and I know what you get once he on that goddamn court, boy. Okay. When is he there though? I know, I I hear what you're saying baby. I hear what you saying That, that that joke a nice boy when he is playing, ain't no telling what he finna do. So Is he a part-time or a full-time employee? Because I'm paying him full-time wages. But I'm getting part-time work Part-time.


Hey, do you think, oh, I got a question for you though. Yeah. What you think about them trading him and if, if they, if he was to go in the trade block or, or if they are fed up with him not being healthy, not being available, where would you like to see him go? Because here's the thing. Let's just say for the sake of argument, that trading if going even worse if he get his ass in shape because why couldn't you do it there? Ah, that's a, that's, that's a good one. But I'm, I mean, Ocho, they, they Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe a change of scenery is necessary. Maybe it's something that it Needs. They got, they got half fat food everywhere you go. Where the hell you think all of a sudden you gonna turn the vegan?


I'm confused. I don't, I don't get why people, when you get in that situation, Ocho, and this is what I tell guys all the time, there'll be a time and a place you can act a damn fool. Right. But before then, get all the money you can. Yes, sir. So then when they get rid of you, you can say I got 500 million, 700 million. I can act a damn fool. But, but I'm not leaving no money on the table. Right. I'm not, and I'm not gonna end my career prematurely. I'm gonna squeeze every last bit. 'cause I'm sure I can find something to do with the hug or the peel or the orange. I'm sure I can find, find some use with it. I'm gonna get all the juice and then I'm gonna eat it.


But I gotta find a use. Lemme look up. What can I do with an orange peel? Is there's something I can do? Hey, I can cook, I can squeeze the zest. They, they don't, they put zest or orange zest. Yeah. I, I can, I can find something on your, I'm getting every last drop outta this orange. Right. I'm just not gonna juice. That's it. Come on, Zion, bro. And you gotta think maybe, maybe as he gets older, maybe it'll click, maybe it will click as he, You do realize it's harder to get weight off yet when you're that size as you get older. Oh, you, you ain't got to tell me. 'cause you know, when I, when I was, when I was 18, I was about, nevermind, I, I don't man with that kind of ocho Do you know what?


Some people, not, not all, because we've seen people have good jobs and that weren't professional athletes and squander it and f it up. Right. Right. Being tardy or being drunk, getting high, doing whatever the case may be. But when you get in that situation, how, I wonder how many times did that man dream of being in the situation that he was in. See, Lord, if you help me get here, I ain't going no way. I mess it up. Right, right, Right. And lo and behold, he get there and then boom. That's what I, I just, I just don't get it. I don't, I don't, IIII don't get it. And nobody gonna make me understand O Joe BJ, Armstrong, today's NBA player robots who just shoot three pointers and hunt for fouls.


When I go watch the game, there are no more creativity. There's no more imagination. It's just, we have basically robots running up and down the court. You run to the three point line. I run to the three point line. First I try to get a layup. If I can't get a layup, I try to get foul. If someone drives and they don't call a foul, these players go berserk. Now, if they have the right of passage to go to the basket to look for a foul, they're not even going to basket score. They're looking to the basket. They're looking to go to the basket to get fouled. This is what's being taught. I'm not going to be mad at the players. This is what's being taught. We've thrive stripped the players of any kind of imagination. We strip the players of any type of read the defense, take what the defense has given you. You agree? I mean, I, I understand what you're saying, but the game has evolved and BJ has played, and there are players that have a creative mindset.


They, they, there are players that are really good at creating space, putting the ball on the floor, being able to, to beat people off the dribble on their own. That in itself is creativity. Where is the creativity in taking 63 the night? Well, hold on. There, there, there are very few teams that do that. You know that right? The Celtics, the Warriors. What average, how many, how many, how many threes do at the NBA game? We, we feeding Hold on it. It ain't, they shot, they shot 74 in the, in the Lakers game. In the Lakers game tonight. They shot 74 combined threes. They made 27 of them.


Hold on. I'm talking about efficient. Who's more efficient from, from the three point line outside of the goddamn warriors of Celtics. That's, that's his point. Ain't nobody efficient. And they keep jacking the up. You made it point for him. You made it point for him. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, o old, old, old heads came between the, by what the game is now the game is different Ocho, they average shooting per team 37 and a half threes per game. Okay. When you extrapolate that times too, that's 74 threes a game. You know what that's like, that's like me saying, you know what, I'm mad there's no creativity and we don't run the ball to open up the pass first like they did back when we was playing.


Now they throwing the ball 70 times the game. Yeah. And the game has changed. The game has evolved. It's not the same as it once was. Know at some point you gotta adapt with the times that we're in and not complain about him and just enjoy it. But I, I, listen, I totally understand where he is coming from. I do understand that. Well, something is going on because the ratings is not looking good right now. Ocho the lack of defense, you know, they, they feel like people are just going to the basket. They cry. Like you said, they cry when they don't get foul. I understand there's some type, but bro, I mean, ocho, if I throw, if it's like they turn the ball over, they think they get foul. They arguing with the referee and the other teams got the ball going.


If my, if I think I got hell and the quarterback throws a pick and the guy running the ball the other way, why the hell I'm arguing with the back judge, let me go make the tackle. And then the next time out, I say, bro, that he held me. These guys arguing with the officials and they got then done, got the ball in the breaking boop. They laid it up. I. Don't know. Look it, I'm, I'm like you O Joe. I look. Yeah, I take it for what it is. I know the game has evolved. It is going to ever evolve. And I think some people gotta just get over the fact. Right?


This is what it is now, right? It ain't going back. It's not, it's not going back. It's going forward. And you might even see less defense. You might see more threes, right? Because everybody feels the way to win games is to shoot the three. And that's why you don't see Ain't nobody. That's why you don't see a whole lot of guys that could post up. Right? Post up for what? That's a two. You don't see guys trying to dunk as much, right? It used to be, I wanna be like Mike. They say, now I wanna be like Steph. I mean, Ocho. Look at you. Watch, watch your YouTube seven, 8-year-old stepping back shooting threes. Oh, you ain't nobody going to the basket. Them jokes are stepping back. Shoot three like James Harden.


I'm like, bro, come on now. Yeah, That's where the game is headed. They, they see it and it is what it is. Hey, I've accepted it. I don't get mad. Hey, I just look at it like, damn y'all at least, at least stop it. Just don't let it have a layup line. That's all I don want. And you know how they be warm up on you and they just lay them ball up. Sometimes it be like that in the game. I'm like, bro, y'all not gonna stop him at all. Y'all gonna even start like try. But that's where they are. The Volume, You're at a bar looking for a new beer. When you smell a citrusy aroma, it smells like sunshine and oranges.


You see the bartender pouring a beer that looks refreshing. Only one problem. You have no clue how to pronounce the name Jay. Is that even English? The bartender is now heading your way as you're about to order Nice cold Jai, you hear, can I get a highlight? Highlight the best beer you probably can't pronounce.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop, delivery, pickup, or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere, rejoiced. Oh Yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms. Apply


Paramount. Plus is your home for the U Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Dotham versus Barker and Juventus versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, A Whip Around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit sn hsu.edu today to get started.