
The Volume,


The NBA 82 game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw-dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


And before the jazz game against the w Malik Beasley tweeted a you need seven threes to beat me. A became the youngest player to league the league in three points made. He got it. He said A, you need that as said, okay, say no more fam. And he went, he went and got all seven. Yep. Beat him by one. Mm It's It's, it's so funny when you think about it, when you think about hitting seven threes, it sounds so easy until you in a structured environment actually playing a game and don't understand how difficult it is.


Nice. He was seven of 18, 3 15 of 31 from the field in 40 minutes he was plus 20. Rudy Gold Bear had 19 and 18 rebounds. Drew Ram had 10 points, 10 rebounds, five assists. They got great production off the bench from Ni Reed gave him 11 points. Dante Dizi gave him 16 points. And Akia Alexander gave him nine points. So 25, 30, they got 36 bench points. The jazz Oscar TBI played well, gave him great points off the bench.


I don't know what the jazz really going to do, but the Timberwolves, that's the Lakers next opponent. They got a guy that can protect the rim, Rudy Gobert. But the thing is, You ain't got no pig. Got it. When you, he's he ain't not a guy you run plays for. You just gotta keep him off the glass. Jackson Hayes, just keep him outta the glass. Right. Don't go no plum phase. Don't, don't do any of that. Just keep him off the glass. The problem was right is that in the fourth quarter he becomes a liability because everybody's gonna put him in the pick and roll and they're gonna make him guard. If you go back and watch the game last year, what did Luca do? Put him in the pick and roll. Come on. Yeah. And a Jackson used to say, shall I have this dance?


Yes, you may. And so that's what you gotta do to the big guys is that punish him. He's out there in the back. He's out there on he, because look as a defensive player. And that's, he's won what, four defensive players of the years or now Ash? Yes. He's really real four. He's really a help defender. He's not like an on ball defender. Elijah one was an on ball defender, You know. Yeah. Jordan and guys like that. Were on ball. He's a help defender because those guys get him out there and no man's land because it's hard. He's seven foot tall. He's crap where Probably size 1922 bro. You not Finn to slide and make, you might get, get him on the first one, but are you gonna be there that second move?


Are you gonna be that third move, right? Four? Yeah. So he tied Ben Wallace. 'cause Ben Wallace has four also. And Ma tell. Okay, so it's gonna be a very interesting matchup. But Malik, you told Ed he need three to beat you and he gonna get enough shots up. He shot 18, he shot 18 threes. They shot 43. Ed had 18 of the 43. He had seven of the 13 makes. But now they got what they wanted. They're the succeed. They get the Lakers. When does the series start? You know when the series start? Saturday, Sunday.


You, Hey. So I'm playing. So they're playing so they not, they not starting before Monday. I mean Sunday They don't have the schedule. Hey, They don't have the schedule out. See, because it's, yeah, because it's contingent. Because the playing teams, you don't want them to, you wanna give them a a, a fair console. Probably the four or five matchups on both sides and the three six matchups. Right. They'll probably go off first because those guys would've forgotten all the rest. They done playing somebody from the, You know, the seven, eight, and the nine tens. Right. So that's probably how it's gonna go. Listen, That's, that's a good, that's a good thing that we don't know when they play. That gives us enough time for Fred to hit us back and give us a number on what it's gonna look like for you.


You know? Oh, I'm serious man. That, that, I think that'd be good. Not just for us to watch the game. Oh no, you just bought a $700,000 card, bro. Come out the money break bread. Hold on, Hold on. Let me, lemme talk to you real quick. Lemme talk to you. I think it would be cool, right? It is one thing we do to show Right. But we don't really get a chance to really spend time together. Now we have great chemistry on camera. Now let's, let's, let's continue that in person sitting courtside and doing what the fellas do. We could be like life. Remember Martin, remember Martin and Eddie Murphy? Yes. Yes. CLA Ray Meet you? No. Yeah. CLA Ray. Like, like no, no cameras, no just, just two fellas kicking back, watching the game.


You know, You know, enjoying it, talking basketball. You, you, oh, teach me a thing or two. Chad. Chad. Y'all help back check, check back, check, check what I'm missing here. Chad Ojo bought, he got a new crib, $21,000 in just a, a handful of furniture. Y'all saw the man spend all this money on Chrome hard jeans and he just spent 700 k on a car and he want me to pay for court side seats. Whoa, whoa. Listen, you ain't gotta pay for we could split it. No, you should pay for it. Okay. Alright. I got you. Okay, I got you. So take I, I tell you what I tell you what, take that $5,200 table and I get his court side ticket.


Yeah. That's how I'm feeling. That's how I'm, I'm I'm feeling, I'm feeling like that. You gonna play something. How you gonna play something with my money? Chad, You just said. Oh now come on now you gotta make up your mind now. Now either we gonna sit court side together, You know, and have, have some type of chemistry and enjoy the game or you want your 5,200. We can't do, you can't have it both ways. I bought you a, I bought gift with your money. Money. You being selfish. Now don't, don't, don't be selfish. I'm trying to do something outta the goodness of my heart. You talk about what I owe you, but I'm paying, I'm paying for court side tickets. That quadruple what I owe you. It's the thought that counts.


So You gonna buy me a sharing? Is Karen, you gonna buy me a ticket with my money? Nah, I'm not gonna use your money. I'm gonna use the money I already got. Now the money I owe you is set aside. Well set it aside in my pocket. Let it sit beside me. Since that I wanted to be beside me. You, you make listen to me man. Man, Here Chad. This man spent 700 K on a Lambo. He just got furniture. He got a 70 inch TV with surround sounds. Y'all saw him sitting on a Ferrari? Yeah. Y'all saw the man with the chrome hard jeans?


Hold on, hold on. That that, that, that's ro that Ferrari. Oh. Huh? That's old New Chrome Heart Jeans ain't old. That's what I got a booster in Miami to get everything for me. Huh? I ain't even got pay for price. You Got Oh, oh, I know what it's, I just wanted you to say it and I know what it cost. Oh yeah because I got it. Oh, you got this? No, I Ain't get that. But I got the look lookbook that it came out of. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know, I, I was, I was in, I was in the lookbook and let me treat my myself. It's 2025. I told you man, I'm, I'm shut. Treat myself. I got something in mind for 5,200.


What you got in mind? Tell me. Tell, tell, tell us what you got. Have I might have one of more Rooneys I want take out For 5,200. Oh, absolutely not. You ain't spending no 5,200 on? No. Oh no. Ain't gonna tell me what I can spend my money on. Hey, you ain't spending, listen, lemme tell you something. I love you like a brother and you always talk to me when it comes to doing things. I shouldn't be doing. You ain't spending 5,200 on Nathaniel. Nathaniel because she ain't been in your life long enough. 'cause I don't even know who she is. The fact that I don't know who is. That means she ain't work 5,200 now. She was that special. I wouldn't know about her.


I'm, You know, I told you I need 5,200 for the dog. What dog? I told You I'm getting a dog. Okay. I tell you what you send, you send the lady in Europe, right? The dog in Europe. You send her the first 500 and when she get hit with the dog, I see the other 52. I already sent her the money. I I already sent a half. Okay. When the dog get here, I say I I pay for the dog. Okay, There you Go. Luca says the Lakers have the team to make a title run. Ocho. Do you believe him? Ab I absolutely, absolutely. He supposed to say that. Huh? He listen if he was able, you said Luca right?


Let, let, let make lemme make sure I I get my bearings right. Listen, if Luca said it for a reason, he already did it with Dallas. He already did it with Dallas. And then he has the greater player of all time, You know, playing alongside of him. If you get everybody else to contribute and the bench shows up when they need to show up, there's a possibility it can be done. Now I think one of the issues that we're gonna run into, look, I'm talking about we listen, I'm a he fan. I'm just saying we for continuity based on talking about the legacy and what Lu had to say, if the bench shows up, I think the only issue we will have is the fact that they don't have a big Huh And depending on who they play, styles and matchups are very important in the seven game series.


Very important. They Don't have a big, Minnesota doesn't have a big that you could, like Rudy Gobert is not gonna hurt you because they don't have to run plays. Now you're gonna have to keep him out the glass 'cause he can rebound and give you second chance opportunities. There It is. That might be a problem. 'cause we don't have nobody. Who do we, why do I keep saying we God damnit, who do we have that could do that? Jackson Hayes should be able to keep 'em to prevent them from getting, having sex. Second chance, second shot Chances. Jackson Hayes. That's my, that's my dude. Hey, You know that's Coach Hayes son. Huh? What Coach Hayes. My tight end coach for the bass. Oh, jacket to the Hayes? Yes. That's his son.


Yeah. I league I was with he was, I, if I'm not mistaken, I think he was at Kansas City when I was in the league. Yeah, I didn't know that. Yeah, The coach, a matter of fact I got the picture with, I got the picture with with with with Lil Hayes. Right. He was about, he was yay high. I'm talking about short. I didn't know that. Ocho Yeah, yeah, yeah. Matter of fact, I, I only knew because the same night when the, was it the Lakers played Philly? Yeah. When, when God damn Pat be was there, pat Bev was coming over to talk to me and, and Jackson Hayes came up first and it pissed Pat off. So Pat walked off and I looked, I'm like, wait a minute, why would you, you and I didn't know he was in the NBA.


He's like yeah I asked him how Pops was doing, pops was doing good. I was like crazy. These In Cincinnati. He not coaching Cincinnati, is he? No, no, no. He not in Cincinnati. You know Zach Taylor that makes a completely different staff. Completely different. Top to bottom. Yeah. But I think it's gonna be a great, I think it's, look Luca, LeBron and ar that should be plenty of offense guys. Just gotta play their role. You need a a fan Finny Smith. You need Van do when they come in, they did do job that hey Amag gonna get his points. But you just gotta make it difficult. Yeah, you gotta make him exert itself as much as you possibly can because on the Defense End.


So that's gonna be on Luca, that's gonna be on ar. You gotta make him work. You gotta make it make him exhaust himself on one end of the court. You can't let it rest. He not gonna play LeBron. LeBron's too big. So somebody's gotta guard Luca. And so if I'm looking at the pull back up, oh lemme see here. Pull something right quick. So could they possibly put on Luca? Oh Mark score.


Trying to figure who they gonna put on Luca. Nah, not that they on that game. Oh, here it is right here. See what they can put on Luca. Ja Jade, Jade McDaniels. Well he can only guard one. Julius Randall will probably take LeBron Jade. McDaniels gonna have to take guard. Luca. Luca or he's gonna have to guard ar and that means, what's it called?


And man gonna have to guard the other one. Mm. I'm excited man. I'm excited. Listen, listen. Just sitting here talking about it man, with you back and forth man. You, you got to want to actually be there in person man. Because I think the chat with the chat would enjoy that. The chat would enjoy it. Just, just just you and I at the game. I just thought I I ah man I'm excited. I got, I got chills talking about it man. Ah, I can't wait. Oh, It's gonna be a great one. It's gonna be, it's gonna be. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's gonna be a great great series. I'm hoping for a great series. Hopefully everybody stays healthy and to get the job done. But I don't Think you can really, I think this is a, this is a great matchup.


You got LeBron Luca and you got Ant Man. Yes sir. You can't, you can't ask for anything more than that than you got a young star. You got LeBron, we know what he is in the playoffs. All the records for the, for the most part 10 NBA finals, four championships, four MVPs, first in Point score, second assist, You know, up there at rebounds, up there in block shots and all that. So this is a great matchup. I can't, can't wait to see it. Probably not gonna get kicked off before Sunday of next week. I guess it maybe Saturday. Maybe Saturday. But I'm thinking Sunday.


Huh? Actually I don't know we ever, we haven't seen it yet. So, Oh, Joe Jason Kid said there some are comparing the Babe Ruth Luca with ad they're comparing that trade to when Babe Ruth, the Red Sox traded Babe Ruth to the Yankees $400,000. 'cause the owner wanted to finance a movie, which is kind of cool in regards to the Luca trade. Right? I mean if you, the Yankees is pretty cool. Yeah. Not if you're the Red Sox because it was 80 years, you was 80 years and you was cursed.


So I don't know the prism or the lens in which j Kidd is looking at this through, but he's on the wrong end of this trade currently. So for the Yankees, yes. It's very cool. Right. Excuse me for the Lakers it is very cool. Like it was for the Yankees because they got Babe Ruth. Yeah. But the traded Babe Ruth, there was a 80 year scratch where it wast Cool. It wasn't good. And I think the lens that he's looking at it from, he is looking at it on, on how great Babe Ruth was. Not only when he left the Red Sox, red Red Sox, but what he was able to do for the Yankees once he got there. And I think Jason Ke can also see long-term the visual effects of having Luca and how consistent he's gonna be with the Lakers.


And it's almost a shot as his own organization, huh? Yeah, It's a shot at his own organization. Because how could we do this where you're comparing the trade of Luca to the Lakers to that of Babe Ruth leaving the red sock that goes to the Yankees. Yeah. 'cause we know what he did for the Yankees. It catapulted him and put 'em in a stratosphere. And they now, as far in terms of baseball, they're the number one baseball team. And I mean, hey, the Yankee pin strikes. Yep. Nobody else, nobody else has a, a Yankee pin pinstripe. Right. Or has a a a a signature or, or or surveilled s row, whatever you wanna call it, where they're named after. So like man them the Yankee Pinstripe, nobody else has that Beru Trade Boston and New York for Cash University regarded as one of the worst sports trades in history.


Yeah. The Yankees became the Yankees. The Red Sox cut, suffered a curse of the bambino by not winning the World Series for 86 years. I don't know if the D Dallas fans are gonna be be happy if they don't win a championship for 86 years. Well it it, it is, it is, it is likely looking to going down that way unless they're some, someone magical comes along and free agency, someone magical comes along. That's a one that that's a one and done in college. It ain't looking too pretty. Well let's, let's see what happens when Kyrie gets back. Hey stop when Kyrie gets back ad with the team. They have, they have gaffer, they have lively, they got three live active bodies that you can play ad at the four.


Now when you really need him, you can play 'em at the five late in the ball game, which he likes to be. Right. Which he plays his best when he's at the four. But he can play the five last five minutes of the ball game. Right. When you got three active bigs with gaffer ad and lively, likely it's likely lively. Lively, lively there, huh? Yeah. Lively the second. So once you get him Kyrie Nick Marshall has played really well. Let's see, clay, clay has had some really good games. He's been off. Obviously we know Clay is not what he was was, but he can get hot. He can catch fire. Yeah, Most definitely. So let, let's see.


Right now is really not the time. I know everybody's looking at the trade of a vacuum because what the lake sense, what Luke is doing for the Lakers and especially what he did last night. Yeah. Let's give this trade a year or two then we can really assess. It says okay, because what happens if, if the Mars are in the finals, what happens if they turn this thing around? So no, I think with Kyrie, I think what Kyrie Ocho, we know Kyrie is a, is a, is a is an all star. Yeah. Anthony Davis is is an all NBA and an All star. So two of those guys with the team that they got obviously they, they could possibly make some moves. Now what's to say they don't make a movie and could possibly land kd. Now are you still upset?


No, I'm, I'm, I'm not a Ad Kyrie and ad Hold on. We, we keep, we keep talking about Kyrie. Listen I love Kyrie, I love everything ad does Right. Everything that he can do, especially being one of the greatest Dribblers and great Dribblers of, of, of the ball and being able to, to create his own shot. But on, he's coming off of ACL tear. How do we, do we know what Kyrie we're getting coming off of that. Can he come back and still have the same lateral movement, the same quickness still be able to do the same things he did that made him special when he has a ball in his hands. We don't know that yet. I believe he will. Considering the way medicine is and the way these guys come back now. Right. It used to be a death sentence when you had an ACL back in the seventies, maybe even the eighties.


Right. But now with the way medicine is out ocho these guys coming back in seven, eight months now Ky they now basketball players, they normally err on the side of caution. Yes sir. So it probably, he probably won't be back until after the new year. So 26 Pro possibly would be the earliest that you're gonna see Kyrie. But I have no doubt in my mind that he's gonna come back and be the same Kyrie. He's still gonna be dynamic, he's still gonna be electric and now you pair him with AD and who knows what they're gonna do. They're, I don't believe they're expanding Pat. They obviously, look, there's a reports out there that they're, the sons are gonna have to do something because the way they're constructed, even with kd, even with book, even with Bradley bill Right.


They're gonna miss the playoffs. They're not even in the play in, so you can't keep this team the same. Right. You paying 300 plus million dollars, you got 300 plus million dollars tied up in three guys and you miss the playoff and it's entirety. Yeah. You gotta blow it up. You gotta blow it up. KD is leaving. I I I know that. Yeah. KD bill, I mean, hey you, you gotta get you, you gotta move on. 'cause it's not, it's not, it's not working. It hasn't worked. And when they, and and a matter of fact when they made the playoffs, if I'm not mistaken, I think they got swept. So you get swept, you miss the playoffs. It's, it's over. Yeah, it's over.


So let's see what, let's see what they do. But yeah, J Kid, I don't know. I mean you, you look at this thing, I Think you look at it upside down. Had you got Luca, you could say yeah, we can compare this, but Right. Y'all shipped Luca out. Yeah. So I guarantee you the Red Sox weren't it once Babe Ruth started knocking the ball over the fence and they started winning World Series. Yeah. I don't think they was as happy what they thought they were gonna be. Yeah. You gotta you gotta look at it though for Jason Kid to say what he's saying as the head coach of the Dallas Mavericks, it just tells you how special Luca was to when you, you even using that in comparison to that trade that long ago.


Again, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a low blow and it's a shot at management. How could you do something like this? How could you have a trade of this magnitude? Because he's comparing it to that of Babe leaving the Red Sox. Right. Well and plus the thing is Lucas 26, he didn't ask to be traded, babe Ruth didn't ask to be traded. You know, the owner wanted to finance a play and he needed money and hey, it happened. And they traded, if I'm probably mistaken them because they're in the same division now. I don't know if they were back then, but you traded him to a division rival. So It it, it is, it is crazy that, that it happened. But hey, I don't know if crazier things have happened, but we'll see.


Right. I think you're gonna have to give this deal. I can't look at it this year. Re got hurt ad was hurt for a large part of a large stretch. I think he missed 20 plus games after he got there. Played great the first three quarters of a, of, of a game and was outstanding and then he got injured and he missed some time. So let's see over the next two to three years, how this trade play out because we might look at it a might look at it totally different. Yeah. Devin Booker spoke about the sons missing the play. He said it's been a slow bleed out. I've been feeling this way the majority of the season. Does the sun missing the playoffs change your view on K D's legacy? No, absolutely not.


I I I don't, I don't think it changes his legacy. There's, there's only so much KD can do. KD still, regardless to them missing the playoffs will be one of the greatest scores of all time. Nothing will change that. I think the, the, the chase of having super teams, I think it's, it's come to an end now. I think it's come to an end. Katie's probably going to be mo he will move on somewhere else where he goes. I'm not sure. I think he will try to get another title or two. So wherever he chooses to go, I'm sure management might and not not cooperate, but probably give him that grace in sending him somewhere where, where he wants to play and where he has a chance of winning a title. I don't think Devin Booker iss gonna be there as well.


I think, I think I'm not gonna use it. I'm, I don't hate using the term. You, you watch a welcome. You don't wanna stay too long. Send to what? Stay with the Blazers a little too long because he wanted to be loyal. Oh no, you talking about, you talking about, you talking about KG with the timber wolves? No, no, no, no, no, no. With the trailblazers a darling. Yeah. Dame, Dame Dame. I I I don't want Devin Booker to, to, to do that. You know, I don't want you to wear out your welcome and and try to be loyal to a franchise that really, really isn't going anywhere. Give yourself a chance. Give yourself yourself a chance to compete at a championship or at least make the playoffs to get past the first round. So I think both of them are probably going and, and You know, the suns are gonna have to scrap everything and really, really start all over.


But, well this is where I would disagree with you. This notion that we put drop Kevin Durant in and that team is automatically our championship contending team is just no longer true. We've seen him get dropped in at Brooklyn. He got swept and he got to the second round. He had a three two lead and he lost two games. The game seven on his court. We see him go to Phoenix with Devin Booker and Bradley Beal. Yes Sir. While his legacy might not be altered, it may or may not. Let's see once his career is done. But this notion that you drop Kevin Durant in anywhere and there are a championship contending team is no longer true.


It's no longer true. And I don't think I, I defy the person that can ar argue that point and say, Shannon, it is true. We saw him with Kyrie, we saw him with James Harden, we saw him with Devin Booker, we saw him with Bradley Bill. Right. The only thing that we know is Steph Curry, Draymond and Clay Thompson. That was a team that won 73 games the year before he got there. Right. And blew a three one lead. They beat a team, Kevin. The red was on the same was on the team that blew the three one lead to Golden State. Right. Golden State turned around and blew a three one lead to the Cleveland Cavaliers.


So with that being said, I think it's gonna be hard pressed for any analysis, for any historian, for any player in the NBA as great as Kevin Durant is to say that you just drop him in and their championship contending team is not not true. It's not true because we've seen, we've seen it. Hold on. Even, even with him being able to score the way he can. So what happened? So could he not score in Brooklyn? Well unc remember everything went haywire in Brooklyn with, with Kyrie and what happened in Phoenix. See we keep, we keep saying, see you keep coming up with excuses. Well, I'm just telling you what it is not excuses.


If it, if if, if it, if it's documented on what happened, Kyrie was in Kyrie, You know, I'm not sure what was wrong with Kyrie James Harden. James Harden wanted out. I mean, it seemed like everything fell apart from, from what looked good that I thought even I thought, You know, as, as, as somewhat of a basketball fan. I'm like, oh, well the Nets, they definitely gonna be, they gonna have a shot. They definitely coming out east. That's what I thought until, You know, Kyrie was disgruntled. James Harden got upset, he wanted out and KD was like, why? Yeah. By Why did James Harden want to get out? Why? I I I have no idea. I I don't know what what type of internal issues they were having just from the outside looking in. I thought it was a good Yeah, y'all stop, listen, see, every time we have a conversation they try to slide LeBron.


That's not true because LeBron went to Miami. Okay, what were they doing before LeBron arrived in Miami when LeBron left. How long before they got back to another NBA finals When LeBron went to Cleveland? How long before they returned to the finals? They went all four years. They won one. Kyrie got hurt in the overtime of game one. Kevin Love never played in that series. He goes to the Lakers and in the second year they win a title. So this notion that where LeBron James goes, the rings don't follow. It's just not true because we've seen him move three times in all three locations. There's a trophy and he's the finals.


MVP. Right? So this notion that LeBron James doesn't move the needle is just not true. You might not like him. You can call him all the names you want, but it's factual. It's factual. Pure and simple. I, I get it. He's the most, I mean he has a kin dog. Now the first athlete to have be a kin ambassador, very unique. Unbelievable. They did. They got all the details right. But this notion, guys, come on now. Let's be fair. See y'all blame that. So he's in Phoenix. He got Devin Booker who's an Allstar Bradley Bill was an Allstar. They missed the playoffs with three all Stars.


They missed the playoffs. They got swept the first year. Come on man. Pleaser seems to be doing five without him. How long has LeBron hold on. How long has LeBron been in LA? Four Has it been four Years? Like seven years? 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 6 years. Okay, so six years. Now I know after LeBron left, give me pink Darius Garland. What Pink was Darius Garland. Because if you're doing well, you're not picking Darius Garland. Dar Darius Garland was the top five picker. Am I correct? He was the fifth pick in the draft. What what about Sexton?


What pick was he Hold holding Sexton. What pig was Evan Mobley. So this notion, y'all talking about Cleveland seemed to be just fired. They should be. They got a talk. Evan Mobley was the third pig in the draft. Darius Garland was the fifth pick in the draft. A coro with the fifth pick in the draft. Man. What pick was? What pick was Sexton? Mobley was three. Sexton. Coro was five. Garland was five. What about Sexton? They ended up trading him to get Donovan Mitchell. He was a a lottery pick.


Yeah, he was eight. So I damn sure hope so. They doing just fine now. It took a while. You got a top, you got two tho you got three. You got three top five picks. Five. Yeah. Three. Come on now y'all don't, y'all y'all, y'all don't wanna argue this y'all, y'all really don't. I got time tonight. I got time tonight. Y'all don't really want done. Yeah. Y'all know I I do. I do this for a living. I do this for a living. Y'all don't wanna argue the facts. Facts.


I like Katie to Miami though. I just want, I just wanna throw that at y'all. O ocho I don't see here is the problem that you have when you trade for KD because you're gonna have to give up so much to get him because people want to, because they gave up so much to get him. Think about what they gave up, what they traded a MHA Bridges a Cam Johnson for first round picks. So I need to replenish my cupboard, my pantry for what I lost giving him up. Now you're never gonna get equal value back. There you go. So already knowing that they can only ask for so much because there is no equal value out there in the NBA outside of players that, that are untouchable outside of players, they're gonna be untouchable.


Right? And so that's the thing Ocho. But see here the like him going to Golden State because let's just say Golden State had to trade for him, right? They would've probably had to give up Clay or Draymond. They would've had to give up a piece. Right? But because he was a free agent, right? And made it easy. Made it easy. I ain't gotta give up anything. And he took a, he took a a, a friendly deal. He could have got more. He took a little less money. Okay? He goes to Brooklyn, he's a free agent. They don't have to give up anything. So now you can trade those pieces. Kyrie was a free agent. They go together. James Harden comes. You had to give up some, but now you got Harden, you got Kyrie and you got KD For whatever happened.


James Harden sees where it's going. He is like, man we can't win here. Right? He wanted to trade you trade for Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons was damaged in Philly. I knew from the time they lost that get they lost that to Atlanta. I said it was done because once I heard Doc talk after the game, I heard Joel and B talk after the game. Right? Go back and look it up. I said he's done there. It'll never be the same. It's done. Now you get him Now Kyrie, you have the Covid situation. Kyrie doesn't take the Covid vaccination. He has the issue where he tweeted the link. Okay, whatever happened it, it happened. Right? He moves K's like, bro it is what it is not, it's not gonna work. Yeah, let me go somewhere.


He wanted to go to Phoenix. He likes book. Seemed like a great, but you got it. But see when you trade the same thing with Mellow. When he went to the Knicks. Yeah. You have to give up so much to get him. Yeah. You looking at that team, you're like, well damn man, I really like that. They nice over there when you get there, they've given up all the top two, three of the top picks. Yeah. And draft picks. Well how do you, how do you build a team? Mocho. You 3D you have no depth. Yeah. See the difference is Boston drafted, drafted. So we got, we got, we got our core.


Right Now the first mistake that they made Milwaukee, they traded for Dane. They give up holiday. Well it seems to me when you give up, when you give up Dame Portland says we're going young. Right? Bosses say, we'll, we'll we'll take holiday, we'll take him off your hands. You get Derrick White on a, on a, on a, on a deal early. You bring Big Al back. Yeah. You made him whole. So now I can build around because I'm piecing things together. I don't have to give up a whole lot because Portland wanted to go young. They weren't asking, they didn't ask for Jalen Brown.


They didn't ask for date. Ja. Well obviously Tatum, you're not getting him. And they swung the deal for Pingus. Pingus wanted out. He didn't wanna play with with Luca anymore. Right. He said, I'm tired of y'all blaming me for every damn thing I'm going to out. So that's the, the the problem that you have when you give up so much for kd, what do you have Ocho You could have two stars, but what about your bitch? What about your depth? That's where the Celtics beat your ass. Yeah. When they come in with Prichard, they come in with Hauser, they come in with Al Horford off the bench. Yeah. You got three perimeter defenders.


Yeah. With with holiday with Derrick White and Jalen Brown. Tatum can defend. Obviously he's not like those guys, but he could defend. Yeah, you gotta have depth OKC depth. Dang. I don't, I don't like that. That's why Cleveland made the trade to get Deandre Hunter. They wanted to add strip to their bench. Right. Because if you can't have a bench, if you, that's what Golden State used to kick your ass. Because if they had a lead, the second unit, the shock troops would extend the lead. If you had, if the other team had the lead, they would cut into it. Or even the game up. Now you bring kd, you bring Steph, you bring Draymond, you bring Clay back, they run away from you.


Yeah. Well, well I, I'm the, the way you make it sound, UNC is like, it's, it is impossible. It's impossible. But Katie go anywhere. So he might as well stay in Phoenix because there's nowhere they can get the value or the compensation for him. No, the problem is he knows they tried to, they wanted, they would've they if Katie would've said, yeah, I want to go, they would've moved him. It was in the middle of the season. It was in the middle of the season. So nothing can happen in The middle of the season. But what, guess what? If they wanna move you in the middle of the season, what the hell you think they'll do in the off season? Oh, they gonna move. They gonna you in the off. Yeah, they gonna, they gonna do it. Hey, how do you think he arrived in, in Phoenix? They was middle of season trade.


Yeah. So it was not like he wasn't, he's he's new to this. That's how he can ride To Phoenix. I was there during the Super Bowl and it happened during the Super Bowl. Right. Remember I told you I at our hotel, I walked in the hotel and I was like, dad was a tall as dude stabbed. IK it's gonna be my thing. Is is just that you are gonna have to give up so much. Yeah. To get him. They're gonna want, I mean if he goes to Miami, Joe, who do you think they're gonna want? Are you gonna give up Hero? You gonna give up? Bam, you give up Hot. What High Smith Hot was it Hot Smith Hightower?


Which one is it? Probably, probably probably Tyler. No they ain't no Pat Riley ain't giving no Tyler Hero. When they got scared. Terry Sier, they gonna probably wanna get up off him. 'cause he's dealing with, he's dealing with the stuff with the, the gambling and all that. He's been injured. That's tough. Pat, pat Dove said, oh, you better not let Steven a slide at the next mess around and lose the third seed to the Pacers Celtics back to back. Oh no. He already know. He already know. I'll see his ass this week. Oh, he better not. And we go and we mess around because if I think we play, we played Houston tomorrow, right? Houston tomorrow and then Portland on Sunday.


All we gotta do is win one game. But we got thirsty locked up. It's on for him. Oh. He ain't sliding Pat Generation Olympic. Olympic Luca is prolific. Five Sheldon Pope. KD is going to be looking for a team. OCHO can see KD and your city playing for the heat. What's the pitch? Ocho can, you can sell KD to come to Miami and play and Live. I mean it's Miami. Miami. It is Miami. A place like here. I think if we get, we can get Pat Riley to take a back seat and, and not try to be the enforcer and the, the the ruler of old ways that he Oh Joe.


Yeah. The Miami Heat was in the midst of a 27 game winning streak. Yes sir. And to assert his power, he took cookies that he knew LeBron James was looking for. Right. Does that strike you as a guy that's willing to seed anything? Yeah. You right, you right, you right. But if, if, if we, if we here he nation wanna get back to our winning ways, we need someone like Kevin Durant to come in here and just give us a chance. I'm not saying you need Pat Rod to stop. You need to pat Rod to stop, try to assert his power. Well we need Mickey Harrison need to talk to him then Mickey need to say something, Turn it over.


I mean Pat has an ownership state. It's just Mickey and his son are the maj and his family are the majority owners. Majority owners. Pat, you have a percentage in there. Right? Right. That it happening. The Volume.