
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth Curt, you don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters, So You might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes, that's why we absolutely. I love It. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's cold. Money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did you know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had AEDs have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 have estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why? Either their sleek ad free user interface enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory, or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style. holmes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G Network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network.


Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite Off Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you for your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock. If you can't find it any a city or state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter? Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Check out my media company on all of its platforms.


That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84. We just dropped Nightcap and Chill collection on Friday. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are very limited. And remember, when they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours. Now, the biggest news of the day, ocho, the Spurs have announced they're shutting down Victor Wim. Mm, Victor Wema, excuse me, down for the remain remainder of the season with a deep vein thrombosis. The San Antonio Express news reported that the Spurs are optimistic that Wim will be ready for next season, and that they're not as as serious as the issue with Chris Bosch dealt with.


If this was an isolated incident, the Spurs believe that it'll be closer to what Brandon Ingram dealt with six years ago. Remember OCHO in 2019, Ingram was diagnosed with a deep venous thrombosis in his right arm that ended his 20 18 19 season, but he went on to win in 20 19, 20 20, most improved player, right? He has not dealt with clotting issues since also Ocho Since he's being shut down, he's gonna be ineligible for winning defensive player of the year because he won't meet the mandatory minimum of at least 65 games. Right? Would you pay I I have, I I have a question, huh?


Yes. How are they able to diagnose how much the severity of the, of the issue is? And they're, they're saying it's not comparable to what, what Chris Bosch had their hope? No. They say their hope. Their hope is more in line to what Brandon Ingram dealt with. Okay. And not what Chris Bosch, remember Chris Bosch tried to play again, right. Play and it, it reoccurred because normally when you have blood clots, ocho, you have to take blood thinners. That's something that you stay on for the remainder of your life, right? So there's a problem because of cut, because the, the clots you take blood thinners, you don't get clotting. So what does that mean? You get a nick, you get a cut, you could bleed out. So there's always that, there's always that scare.


Right? Also, probably, I think you'll have a, a, a greater chance of a heart attack or something of that nature. My grandmother was on blood thinners, right? Because she dealt with clotting and she ended up, she ended up, ended up having a, a, a leg amputated just below, just above the knee. And, but like I said, ocho, she was on blood thinners for the rest of her life. Right? And that's normally, if I'm not mistaken, Serena Williams dealt with blood clots also. So it also de depends on the severity of where they are. Right? You start getting 'em in your lungs and boy, woo, you got something to deal with. Yeah. Any, any place of a blood cot Joe, Could be, could be a very dangerous situation. But they're saying their hope is more in line with what Brandon Ingram dealt with.


He missed the remainder of the season. He was able to come back when most improved, hadn't had an issue with it since. Not like Chris Bosch, what eventually led to his re early retirement. Now, now, one of the things I do want to ask you, being that obviously I'm not a health expert. I don't, I don't really know the background when it comes to things like this. Is this something that's hereditary? Does it that, does it just happen that regardless of age you Well, clearly he's 20 Ocho, he's 21. I, I know that that's, that's Chris Was probably, what, 30? Yeah, 30. Yeah. So something like that. Oh, My grandmother was in a, was in a se was in her sixties. What she did with, So what dec ciphers, whether it happens regardless of age is it is, what is it?


Diet, nutrition. I mean, when you think about somebody, like when, when ba you Wim Bama, you think he eats healthy? He he always has. Could I, I saw something earlier on Twitter today. Someone, you know, be slick at the mouth and say, I guarantee you he probably, he probably, you know, he got the vaccine. I'm not saying I'm not a conspiracy theorist. I'm not sure if that has any type of effect, you know, on Whether you get blood clots or not. I've, I've, I've, listen you've heard stories that it does. It, it is called, it calls people to, to have blood clots that didn't have it before, after getting the vaccine. Or do you, you think it's something that's probably in, in the family. DNA other people have probably had clots that were, you know, part of the family and it just, it trickles down to, to everyone else Without, without me knowing anything.


OCHO is really hard to say. Right. You know, it says that blood clots are solid masses that form within the bloodstream when platelets and fibrin a protein stick together, which calls the clot, right? You need some clotting because hey, you get cut, you want your blood to clot, you start from bleeding. Sometimes you take blood thinner, it thins your blood. There's nothing that a clotted, okay, boom. That's another issue you could have. Obviously you get blood clots, you have a heart attack, you have strokes. It leads to a number of other underlining conditions. Right? So ocho without really knowing, I mean, that would be something that you'd have to have a, a health experts to be able to somewhat in cardiothoracic medicine or something like that to be able to give you a more of a detailed look.


What, what, what do they think led to it? Is this something that is hereditary Ocho? I, I really couldn't tell you. I mean, here what seemingly is a 21-year-old healthier male. Yes, sir. And boom, like I said, Chris Botch was probably 30 when he got it right. My grandmother was in her late sixties, early seventies when she got it. So I, I don't really know the rhyme or reason. Serena Williams Got it. She was in her twenties. And I think, if I'm not mistaken, chat, y'all can correct me if I'm wrong. I think Serena might have had it in a, in her lungs or, or had one in her lungs or something. Maybe it was a calf or I, I'm not sure. But people get 'em in a very, a variety of, sometimes they get 'em in their thighs, sometimes they get 'em in the arm, they get 'em in their lungs.


Right. I really don't know. OR it is really, it's really, really hard to understand. Some things are hereditary. I'm not necessarily certain that blood clots are something that aren't hereditary. Right. And that, that, that's tough. That's tough for him. That's tough for the spurs. That's tough for the fans, obviously in San Antonio. Hopefully, I'm hoping for a speedy recovery for him and he's able to come back strong next year and Right. And, and continue to dominate in the way he has so far since he's entered the league. A phenomenal talent. Very good. And prayers. Prayers to him and his family as well, right? Yeah, I think, I think Serena, 'cause I think it happened at Wimbledon.


I think she stepped on a, a, a glass, a piece of glass or something. She was celebrating a victory. I think I, I couldn't, like I said this, this probably been 20 years ago, so I'm just going off the top of my head. Maybe it even long. Right? I think it was like 20 something years ago and she ended up getting a blood clot, if I'm not mistaken, in her lungs. Mm. I think, I think that's what happened. Ocho, I, like I said, yes, I Asher said yes. That's what happened. Right? Okay. I think she stepped on a piece of glass, ended up getting a cut, ending up developing a blood clot in a young lung, which was very, very, very, very serious. Yeah. So hopefully, like you said out your thoughts and prayers go out to a speedy recovery for vi for weby, 21 years old.


Such a bright, bright future. Oh yeah. In front of him. So hopefully this is only a temporary setback or a major comeback. But you really do, like I said, they're hoping. One thing you didn't know, I can assure you, when Chris Botch developed his, no one thought that this was gonna force his early retirement. Yes. You just never know. And then Brandon Ingram get it. And so I think for me, a lot of times, You know, you kind of expect you, you pray for the best, you expect the worst, but you pray for the best. Pray for the best. Yes sir. Because the one thing you are bet it. You know, you know, doctors always try to give you the worst case scenario always. 'cause what they don't want give you is a false sense of security. Yeah. Oh, this is nothing. And then they come back a day later it's like, well, I'm sorry Mr. Sharp or Mr.


Mr. Johnson, it's a lot more severe. So they try to always prepare you for the worst. Right. But say, hey, pray and expect the best. Yes sir. And so it's always easier to get, oh man, thank you. As opposed to like, woo. Oh man, Lord have mercy dunk. I wish. Whew. Oh yeah. So you know what I'm saying. So like I said, hopefully Wendy is, 'cause I mean he can do it all. You're talking about a guy that's probably what, 7, 7, 4 and a half, seven five with shoes on. He could shoot the three mid-range. He defend at an elite, elite level. He looked like he was projected to be one of the all time great players. Yeah. And, and historically great defensive players with his prowess blocking shots, challenging shots on the perimeter, obviously around the rim.


Everything is, everything is, and, and people, you've seen people pull the ball out, they get fast break, he's chasing, they're like, nah, I got a better chance of loner three than laying this ball up and having him pinning against the glass. But hopefully we be, this is, like I said, something that's very, very minor. It's not minor, but I might say it. Hopefully it's something that he can bounce back from relatively quick. Yeah, I think they said they're hoping that if everything goes according to plan, they'll be able that he'll be able to resume and be able to come back next season. So, so March, April, may, June, July, August, September, October, I think they start to see them. So about eight months. So they'll see how it goes and, and move forward from there. But like you said, Ocho, we really don't know, I mean this cut, 'cause what I saw it, the Spurs are shutting wimpy down.


I'm like, damn, the guy just played the All Star game and y'all shutting him down and you know, the Spurs OCHO didn't normally air on the side of caution. Yes sir. The a they start, it was them that started the load management with Duncan and Parker and Ginobili. Right. And then even with Kauai as a young, young player, he got a load management. So Right. They're normally, they normally err on the side of a caution, but I was like, well damn, they've been overly cautious with this situation. I mean, well, even as I got Ocho and I read that because I just read the headline Right. Wouldn't be down. So I'm like, well damn. And then once I read it, okay, understood why.


Yeah. So, so that's, that's the Spurs are shutting Victor Wema down because of blood clots in his right shoulder. They said hopefully he's, he'll be ready. The word they use Ocho optimistic right. That he'll be ready for next season. And this is not as serious as the issue that Chris Botch dealt with, hopefully is more in line to what Brandon Ingram dealt with. He missed the season, was able to come back and most improve 20 19, 20 20. Got a contract, got another contract, just got a recently signed a two year deal, three year deal with the Toronto Raptor.


So hopefully we're praying for you, Wendy, and your family. So hopefully this is nothing that, that you that you can't overcome and we look forward to seeing you in the future. So Boston prayers, the Victor Wi Miama and his family of friends and loved ones.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe. And a subject to monthly limits timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs.


Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five dirt, four Page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen to Goat greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


O Joe Brian Windhorst says, LA is under immense pressure to get Luca resign. He never said I wanna be a Laker. There are dozens of players over the years who have made it crystal clear. Right? They wanna be Lakers. Luca never said that this hit him outta nowhere. Ocho can you see the Lakers not resigning Luca in la? Absolutely not. Listen, they need a superstar. They need Le LeBron only has what, maybe one, maybe two years left. Correct? There has to be a superstar to put to put butts in those seats. Correct. And who is that? That is Luca Donit. That is exactly what he gonna do. At some point, once he gets gets in shape, once he gets in rhythm, once he gets his legs and feet up, up underneath him, we're gonna get to see the same Luca that we saw in Dallas averaging 29, averaging 30, doing what he doing what he normally does every night.


And he is the future for the LA Lakers. And absolutely at, at some point they're gonna start building around him as the star. They, they're gonna have to pay him. But when do they pay him? When, when does that happen? Well, I was reading the other day, Ojo, they said that Luca could sign a two year deal. So what is this year eight for Luca as this year eight for Luca. He signed a two year deal that gets him to year 10. Now he be in line and he makes the all NBA team, first team. One of those two years in, in, in the contract. Now he's eligible for a SuperNet Max and now he can get that $400 million contract. Right? Is that, how is that how it goes, Ash?


Well lemme see here. It's year seven. So he, okay, so signs a two year extension, ocho, this is year seven. Right? Next year sign a two year extension. So three years he can sign. That'll be 10 years. Get him to 10. And now he's eligible for a supermax. This is very, this is very important because here's the thing, ocho remember now you traded the guy that you really thought was gonna be the succession plan to LeBron. Right? Ad you bring in a guy that's five years younger and say now instead of having maybe four or five years with ad we could possibly have 10 to 12 years with Luca.


With Luca, Yeah. Now you've already traded ad you lose Luca. Now what? Well, I don't, I don't think you gonna lose him. You don't, you're not, you're not gonna lose him obviously. He knows he gonna be be the centerpiece and be the focus for the future of the Lakers. There's lot of other, other teams. He can go and be the centerpiece, huh? He can, there are a lot of other teams he can go and be the centerpiece. You know, he not leaving LA on. Come on. Now. You know better than that. Listen, the, his the, the historic franchise didn't Think sha they didn't think Shaq was gonna leave Orlando. They didn't think LeBron was gonna leave Cleveland. Did you think LeBron was gonna leave Miami? Did you think LeBron was gonna leave Cleveland a second time? Well, yeah. Didn't he promised?


Listen, he didn't, he he, he promised him something. He promised him something. He gave him what he wanted and then he went on by his business. Did you think LeBron James gonna leave Cleveland? Remember he was born, he was born in Iowa, north of Cleveland in Akron. Yeah, he left. Nobody saw it coming. Right. Nobody. Right. I'm I'm trying to think. You, you don't just, you don't, you don't just up and leave a franchise like that. Especially not, not a, not not a organization like the Los Angeles Lakers. Not when you are, you are the main focal piece of everything. You are going to, excuse me, you are going to be the face of the legacy. You understand that? He understand that they traded for you for a reason. Ocho he he wasn't wilt, he wasn't Kareem, he wasn't Shaq, he wasn't Bob McAdoo, he wasn't LeBron.


He didn't request to go there. He didn't make it. That's why that's my destination of choice. Hold On now. Come on now let's, let's, let's, let's, let's be sensitive. Right? Go ahead. Yes, you already, you, you've already, you are in Dallas. Okay. You were in a great place. They shot you with a trade. Yes. You go to, you bet you go to a historic franchise, a winning franchise like the, the La Lakers with the Kobe Bryants have played where the cream Abdul Jamar have played. Yep. Where they're going to worship you. Where there the, you need, there has to be a star. Yeah, you are. You are that star. And you think the time comes, he'd rather go somewhere else. Where else is there to go? Where else will where to go? So lemme ask you a question.


If Luca went somewhere else, he wouldn't be the star, he wouldn't be the center of attention. Yeah, He'd still be the star. But what better place is it than la? Ain't nothing better than that. No disrespect to other places though for You, that's not for him. Does Luca strike you as a guy that's in awe, that kind of stuff? Remember the, the European players are different. You look at Nicola Yoic, he's like, when can I go home? We got the parade. Oh man, I can't go back and get into my porches. They don't see, see you are looking at it through the lens of an American playing for the Lakers. That ain't, that ain't, So you don't, You don't, you don't, you don't, you don't think Luca values the franchise and what and what it brings, what it brings to him, the brand a playing for the La Lakers, the brand of playing for the New York, the new, the New York Yankees or the brand for playing for the LA Dodgers.


You don't think he understands That? And, and, and Miguel Soto left the Yankees and went to and and went to the Mets. That's right around the corner. Now That ain't the new Yankees. That's not the Yankees. So I look, I'm not saying that he is, but I'm not saying I I it's not a foregone conclusion that he will resign. That's all I'm saying. And I agree that it's not a foregone conclusion that he's going to sign. Right. But I think it's very incumbent upon the leg that they they're hoping and praying. Right. And I'm sure they've promised him the heavens and the earth. Yeah because if they lose him it's over. Because remember they ain't got no draft picks.


Right. They just traded the 31 and I think they got what, a 27 and a they just traded what they traded the 31st or the 29th. But I only they got one one. You know, top lottery pick. Unprotected pick. Yeah. Hey listen, I listen, I'm you done been around the game a very long time. Very long time. And you know Juan Soto, not Miguel Soda, Juan Soto. Juan Soto. Even, even, even though, even though, even if he European players don't have that same feel for playing for historic franchises like the Lakers, you know, good. Well he ain't going nowhere. We'll see. I know. Good. Well he ain't going nowhere. We'll Come back to this right now we're being joined by two time Pro Bon running back.


James Cook James, thank you for joining us bro. What up Jay? See what's up. What, what Up my boy. Wait, let me hold something man. You got it? Yeah man, babe, listen, put it on the flow boy. I'm gonna pick it up now James, let's talk about this great season that you had over a thousand yards, I think what 15 rush touchdowns during the season had an outstanding, like we just dropped in bear with his guy. He's on his cell phone. He was kind enough to join us. He was not gonna be in a situation where he could get land, but I'm bad. I appreciate that bro. Yeah, I was, as I was saying, great season running the football revamped offense as far as running the football offensive coordinator for first time, full-time.


He blend took over LA a year ago and he halfway through the season. When you look at what you, what you were able to do in particular and what this team was able to do, considering all the pieces that you lost, you lost your two top receivers. You, Matt Milano was injured a lot of the season, a lot of your dbs, both of your safeties and White gone, nobody really expected you guys to be in this situation. Did you really think that you guys had an op had a chance to end up being where you were in the a FC championship game and what three points away from actually winning that game? Without a doubt. I mean, when you got one seven back, there is always a chance.


Like that's what I say. Like I just feel like he, he, he one of the best and he gonna put us in the best situation to always win. So when he back there and we back there and we connecting is is is something great. Listen, everybody always talks about Josh Allen, they always talk about him losing, you know, some of the, some of the losing digs and then not having a superior weapons. Weapons on the outside. But what people don't talk about enough of is what you've been able to do. You take some of the pressure off of Josh, Josh Allen, listen, you stepped into a bigger role in the Bills offense, you know, how have you embraced being a centerpiece in that system?


I just came to work every day for real, for real. Like that. That's all I can ever do. Like I could control what I could control at end of the day, but Right when you don't come in there and work and you don't come in there and, and and, and, and be that guy and that be that leader in the locker room, you would never be nothing. So that's what I tried to come and do. And I feel like it been working. I'm a team guy. I'm I I'm always coming in at work and, and when it come on Sundays, I gotta gotta kill you. Jane, when I look at you guys, I mean you, you, you get so close every year. You had the best record and the, and the a FC LA two years ago and then you end up losing at to Baltimore and then this year you have unbelievable season and you le lose to Kansas City and the championship game.


What is the next step? What do you guys need to do in order to get over that hump, which is Patrick in the a FC? We just gotta be aggressive. Like I just feel like we gotta be aggressive and, and, and with a, with a guy like one five back there, you gotta, you gotta just gotta beat them like moral the story. Like I can't say nothing else. You just gotta beat them. So you, when you come in games like that and, and you know, one of your back against the wall, then you gotta win and you got your guys next to you, you gotta go win shit. You, You know, you playing one fight, You know, you know, you know how it's going to be. You know it's gonna be ebbs and flows of the game. So you gotta just control what you can control and go out there and play football at the end of the day.


So you would, you would like to be more aggressive early on. You feel like you got, when you guys fell behind then you became aggressive. Of course you like to see that from the word jump. Let's go off the rip. Yeah. You know, it, it never happened. It never happens that way for some reason. Especially when you get to playoff games with games of, of, of extreme importance most of the time. I think sometimes, especially from a coaching standpoint, as an offensive coordinator, you, So you, you overthink, you overthink the game instead of just playing free. You know, you, you're, you already have what you've already done throughout the entirety of the season because you plan the Kansas City Chiefs. There's no need to press just continue to do what you've always done and you use your, use your bail cow, you for instance in 17 and, and just rock out.


And I think they lost sight of that or he, the office of court, they had lost sight of that once you got to that game and not allowing himself to just, just play freely. Call the plays freely because you got all you need right there in hand. And I think for, for one, y'all are gonna consistently be back, you know, obviously you, you're an A FC obviously I'm, I'm a Bango fan, but understanding what you guys have, and I'm gonna talk about you from an individual standpoint and how much your game has evolved from a rookie to now and where you are right now. What do you think you need to work on as good as you've gotten from your rookie season to this point? What do you think you need to work on to continue to evolve at the running back position?


I just feel like I can, I just gotta keep getting better and you know, like be able to be on the field every down like in, in key situations. Like I feel like I could do it shit, just look at this point, what else more I could do like, right. So I just feel like, man, just keep me on the field and, and, and great things will happen. Hey, we also whoa, whoa, one more. Hold on. Oh, I got, I got one more. I like, I like this here. I like this. Great. Listen there, there are a lot of good running backs in the league, right? You know, Henrys the McCaffrey's e even even though it was injured for most of the seasons, if there was one thing you could take from one of the running backs in the league that you look up to and, and, and you are a fan of, if there was one thing from their game you could add to yours.


What, what, what would, what would it be? I'd go with Christian McCaffey just like there's all the explosiveness that he got in his game and what he can do with the ball and so many positions that he can be in and, and you don't even know when he getting the ball and he's just getting the ball and just go this bitch like, yeah, like all that. Like, so just putting that traits in my game and be able to learn from, from what he doing and my, like I looked up to my brother so it's like whatever he can, whatever I learned from him, I put that in my game and yeah, just try to just go out there and play football at the end of the day, shit, we've been doing it. Yes sir. There are reports James, and you can confirm or deny this that you want to be the highest paid running back in the NFL and men's like, hold on, wait a minute now I don't know if he's earned that or he's deserving of that.


What do you say to the people that says, man James Cook don't deserve to be the highest paid running back. I'm sorry. At the end of the day, I feel like we just going against running backs. Right? And, and I feel like we deserve to get paid and, and 'cause when they come down to the back end of the season, we, we, we, we play a big part of this shit like so however they want to take it, then I'm standing with the running back and shit. We, we deserve shit. Now if I'm not mistaken, you could correct me if I'm wrong again. Now it's reported that there were a phone call between a lot of the top running backs yourself and McCaffrey and Dick Henry and Saquon Barkley and I think Josh Jacobs was on that call when you guys had that call.


If you were on that call, what was that discussion? Shit, we, we valuable and, and we deserving what we need. 'cause we, we in the trenches every time shit, we shit, when it come down to the stretch, we, we you, you gotta run the ball, right? So it's like, like how is we not valuable? Like how is we not valuable If we can we, the back end of the season you have to run the ball when it's snowing, y'all don't this shit get six feet of snow. But When you Put this like we gotta run the ball. So it's like what more can you, like how is we not valuable? Like at the end of the day, like his, his is his point blank period and you can see like what we do and and the position that we play.


We play a big part of offenses like just period. Right. And you know what you are correct and the NFL owners, I'm not sure when that dynamic shifted to where the, the running back position wasn't valued the way it used to be. Obviously during UNCs era, you know, during my era, you know the running back was a very important position and you guys can actually fight. You guys have a case you guys can voice your reason for wanting and commanding the kind of money you want because players like you saquon Eric Henry, Christian McCaffrey and maybe maybe two others. You know, you Jonathan Taylors I give To Jake. No I'm gonna get Jamir Gibbs, Jacob Jamir Gibbs Josh Jacob as well.


You guys are at the forefront of being able to command the kind of money you want because of what you guys are able to do in taking some of the pressure off your quarterback. When the team needs you guys to grind the clock out, who's the one to show up? Y'all Bail cows. Bail cow. That's what it is. And and most of you can play three downs. You a goddamn dual threat. So you, you should be getting two goddamn checks. You can line up outside, you can catch it out the backfield, you can hand it off to you. I mean listen, it's, it's, I I'm I'm with you, especially when it comes to getting paid because y'all bring a different dynamic than more than just being a running back.


'cause you do more than just run the goddamn ball. And I can say just one thing though. I just feel like, I just feel like, like we just do so much. Like, just like by going to practice and, and doing all the little shit right? And I just feel like we deserving of it. Like, like why not? Like shit, we work all our life to get paid. Like feel me the big bucks like shit, why not bro? Like I want to go chase the highest, highest of the highest like, and I'm gonna keep doing it. Like, and I'm, I'm gonna stand on what I stand on like, and I, and I don't want to feel like a cancer at all. 'cause I never, I don't like all that attention and all that, all that. Like that's not me. Like honestly like, and I just, I'm just telling no business man.


If you think about it and what I deserve. Go ahead. No, go ahead and finish up. That's it. What I deserve when I, when, if you think about it James, since McCaffery got that 16 million, nobody's even come close to that number. And so now you know you're going to uncharted territory. You look at what Saquon got, I think Saquon got about 13 and a half. You saw what Derrick Henry got. He got about what, eight and a half. You see what Josh Jacobs got? I think he was around 12, 11 and a half, 12. So you know, when you say you wanna be the highest paid and McCaffery that the number that he's after, You know, you reaching for the stars or you hope you land on the moon and get something close to that or you want to super or you want to jump over that?


Yeah, I just want to get what I get. I deserve shit. That's all. That's all I wanted to get what I asked for. That's all. What role? Lemme ask you question. I had a brother that played in the league before I got there. IIII idolized my brother and, and I wanted to be just like him. What role did your brother play and how good? 'cause I'm surprised. I I think everybody's surprised you didn't follow his path at Florida State. You went to Georgia, you probably glad you did, but what role did your big brother play in in in the guy that we see today that's turned into one of the premier running backs in the NFLA big role? Honestly just like the, the just, if I ask him a question, it's just he always there for me is like, he always tell me to be myself.


Don't ever like stop from what got you here to like create myself to being somebody that I'm not. So I just feel like he, that's what he told me. And I'm gonna keep continue to be in myself and just always have that older brother in my ear to always guide me in the right direction. And I'm a, that's my oldest brother and I'm gonna always listen to him. So I feel like he'll he agree, he be great shit. He set the standard so it's like why not follow it? It is like if I, if I don't follow it, it's like I set myself short 'cause I had a, a older brother to, to lead the way and show me the ropes on how to get there. And if I don't follow it, I'm a failure.


I feel like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's like always just keep working hard and keep grinding and get what you want in life. Shit. That's what I like to say. Yeah. Hey, You know, you know what's funny when I think about it, IIII would, I would've loved the opportunity to have a brother, you know, Santana, you, I'm trying to think other, gimme gimme one, one more set brother. I JJ TJ Watt. Yeah. TJ Wat D la manny. Yeah. That man that has to be like the greatest feeling to have a brother. And when y'all were growing up, did y'all compete? Did y'all compete Now, obviously I know you went to, I don't know, I'm not sure when you was that central when he was at Central, you were Netto obviously, right? You was a little younger.


Yeah. Nah, that though, that, that has to be the greatest feeling bro. We still at the peak to this day. It, it'd be so crazy. We compete at Uno still steel. Yeah, yeah. Hold on. We uno we compete in the game. Shit. We, if we whatever we compete. 'cause like I I, we brothers and we understand like we never gonna go against each other and we always understand like at the end of the day, you my oldest brother and I respect you to the most upper high. And I never do nothing ever even fail my family. Like, 'cause I know like I was God the right way. Yeah. Lemme ask you this. What are some, what, what are you listening to to get you in that move?


You get you locked in before the game. So what, when you, when you, when you got the head the beats on and you got the headphones on and you, what you, what you vibe with to get you locked in? I ain't even gonna lie to you. I'm, I'm a young boy, okay. I a young boy time and it is like, I gotta get up, I gotta get up for the game. So it's like before the game I slow down, listen to a little r and b Okay. Calm myself down before the game. Never, never get too low, never get too high. So pre-game, getting myself together, I'm vibing into a little RB calm myself down. But before I get on the field, it smell as hot and young boys, it's time to go.


Hey, Hey. Has it ever bothered you? Right. Obviously being a Florida boy, you know how the weather is out here. It's, it is always hot, you know? Yeah. When we get, when we get a cold front, our cold front is about 70 degrees. 50 59. Has the weather, has, have you gotten used to the weather out there in Buffalo? Has it bothered you at all? No. You, you get adjusted to it. I I I feel like that's a mindset. Yeah. Like shit, you gotta go out there and feed your family shit. What, what y'all gonna do? Shit, you gotta go out there and play at the end of the day. Right? Right. Hey, for so I just suck that shit up for what they paying. I ain't gotta be out there for two hours in it. I'm good sacrifice. Oh yeah. Hey James, thank you man.


Congratulations on a great season. You made the Pro Bowl, hopefully bigger and better things to come in the future. Hey, start back by when you sign that big payday stop back by and drop something off for us. You already know, huh? Exactly. I appreciate that. James Cook, ladies and gentlemen. All Right, boy, how at, How at you? I got you. Alright, Juan.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five Dirt four. Paige Is a elite. Okay? Okay. I'm mad 'em, I left them off my list, but I Still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we to have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love It. Listen To Goat greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPT winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kera. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Oh Joe. Early Today Shas posted a statement from Jeff Schwartz of XL Sports Management. The overwhelming sentiment after con confirm with multiple nationally recognized doctors is that the Lakers should not have failed Mark Williams on his physical ocho. What do you make of this? I mean, listen, that's one thing that, that's one thing. You hear my alarm. That's it. They wake me up for Nightcap. You know, you hear doctors most of the time make mistakes very seldom, excuse me. Very seldom make mistakes. I think as a player he should be upset. I'm not sure if he would take legal action degree.


What you mean? He can't, What he gonna do? What he gonna say? You, there's nothing wrong with me. And you failed me in the physical. And you, that's not his call. He's not a doctor. They failed him on the physical. Huh? If there's nothing wrong with him and you failed me, what? Who? Who's responsible? Oh, k lemme ask you a question. So Drew Reed should have sued the dolphins 'cause they failed him on a physical Hold on. His shoulder was messed up. Huh? His his shoulder was actually messed up. For real. Well, maybe, maybe to their standard, his knee or his back is messed up to their standard. You gotta realize each team sets the standard in which they will or won't pass it. We took Mark re his needs.


He had, he had terrible knees. But if you want him, you take it. So you know what If you don't, you fail it. How about this? Yes. How about Just say, how about just telling the truth? You know what we really don't like? We really don't want you, you really don't fit what we're trying to do. You're not the type of player we're looking for, But he actually does fit what they wanna do. Luca wanted a law threat. If you go look at what they got with Li likely lively, look at what they got with Daniel Gaffer. That's what they want. He, that's what he wanted. He wanted a law threat. That's why they were willing to trade young Dalton Connect just in order to get to appease Luca. So they absolutely wanted it. But here's a guy that's 22 years.


Come on now. Here's a guy that's 16 and nine. Why they trading him? Oh, don't don't it make you think what's going on? What, what, what's going on when somebody, they start trading, he like, hold on. Why they train him? He's 16 and nine. He's 22. Something ain't right. See, something may. Right. Look, they, the, the, the, the, the Hornets contested it. Like there's nothing wrong with him. Yeah. But the NBA is like, well their medical team, their medical staff, thank Dr. Ella Trm tro, they got some, the Curl and Joe Clinic is what handles a lot of what the Lakers do. Right. I know those guys. They was, I went to the curling job and they did both hips.


Yeah. So I, I'm, I'm very familiar with them. But like, like I said, Ocho your doctor said, Hey man, Shannon good to go. Another doctor say, man, boy, that I don't even know how you walking with them. Yeah. Something ain't right now. Now as, as doctors, right? I think everybody had the same protocol. Everybody had the same procedures. It's not like one doctor doing something different than the other doctor when they've all, when they've all learned the exact same way. Especially when it come to looking over patients, especially players that play at the highest level. So how one get it wrong and the other one get it right. Something ain't making no sense. Ocho you have to understand, each team has to have their own set of rules, own set of what they will and won't accept.


It's like that. You, you think, oh, lemme ask you a question. Do you actually think all 32 team NFL doctors have the same guidelines on what they will and won't pass a guy on the physical? Absolute. You go, absolutely. You, when you go to the combine, some team doctors failing, some team doctors don't, some teams have red flags, some teams don't. Did you hear what you just said? Yes. If they like you, regardless of what, what happens in those procedures, they will sign you if they want you. Why? If they know they can use you. Yes. So why not just say you don't want him? Because he had no problem playing where he is playing out. That's them Ocho. Okay. All right. You right, you're right. You right. I mean, you, you, but see, you make it seem like, oh, just Ocho, this is a professional setting.


Why don't the doctor just tell you, you going to die? Just be truthful. Why don't they tell you that Ocho won't they tell you, Hey, you're not gonna be able to do this or you're not gonna be able to do that? Come on now, doctor. The medical is different. You just can't tell somebody, right? You try to be as positive as you possibly can. They don't tell you one way or another. Let's see, let's see what happens. Right? Look, I, I get it. I get it. Why his agent? That's the Lakers. Would you rather be in Charlotte or would you rather be in LA playing with LeBron and Luca or playing with Miles Bridge and Ello Ball? Now what would you rather be? I Mean, o obviously LA Okay. Exactly. You, you see, you see what you just said.


Where would you rather be? Yes. And now that goes back to my question. Why would you think Luca would wanna leave? Because Mark Williams is American Lu. Lemme ask you a question. Does Luca look at the American players? Look at the European players. Ocho, when they retire, what did they do? They go back. Yeah, They go, they don't stay in, they don't stay in la They don't stay in, in wherever they played at. They go back. It's not the, it's not the same to them. You looking at it from our perspective as being Americans, and a lot of people look at America or they look at LA and they look at you, you're like, Ooh, that's where I wanna be.


But that's not how they perceive it. And So you have to look at it through their lens. And, and so, Luca, Go ahead. And, and it's funny when I think about it, I think about Miami, right? Yeah. And I don't talking about playing, I'm not talking about basketball. In a sense, Miami is a melting pot for every ethnicity. Even if you are from wherever it is, this is a place you want to be. Why? Because you have a community that looks just like those where, that are where you from? When I think about la where, where's Luca from again? Slovenia. I guarantee you there's a Slovenia community. Community in LA because there's every ethnicity. Yeah. Restaurants, people.


So why wouldn't you want to be there? It's not like you're gonna be by yourself and not like you're gonna be in solitude. Those that think and are like-minded, just like you, from your community, from your background, are right there. Because here's the thing, Ocho, you say they got communities. What does Slovenian have? 95, 90 8% Slovenians. They don't got a community. They got a whole country. So, you know, it's like, look, you got Little Haiti, you got little cute little Havana. Yeah. You got little Yeah. Here. Everything. Guess what? Guess what?


Cuba got big Savannah. Yeah. Hey, So you know what? Don't, don't nobody wanna be there. I'm like, that's a bad example. Don't nobody wanna Be there. They don't definitely don't wanna be under that, that regime. Right? But look, I I, and, and I, I get what you're saying. It's like with bro, but it's just like anything. I mean, some doctors, when you go to the combine, some doctors gonna say, Hey, down the road, he might, I I feel abnormal laxness in his knee, right? I feel abnormal laxness in his shoulder. Some guys might, some doctors might say, nah, I, I don't see a problem. But here's the thing, you don't see a problem and two years in that guy's, Nick, right? You know, you out, You know you gonna be out of a job, right?


Yeah. So that's why they err on the side of caution. Yeah. You know, they err on the side of caution depending on who it is. They err on the side of caution depending on who the player is. Because Ocho, you gotta realize them basketball players guaranteed now that Joe will get hurt. Oh yeah. Guess what? That 200 million, he gonna get all that. Yeah. That 300 million ocho, he gonna get all that. That's the chance you have to take. That's the chance you have to take. Depending, again, depending on who the player is. I mean, look at, look at no disrespect, no disrespect. You know Kaw Leonard? Yes. Paul George. I mean, there, there are a number of players that I can name that, that, that got the bag because of what they can do on the court.


And unfortunately due to Un Unfortunate circumstances, they got hurt. There's nothing they could do about that. Just because somebody else is foolish, that don't mean I gotta be foolish. Now, deep down inside, what you think they thinking about giving j Joel, l and b when he had two years left, another three years at 190, $93 million. So now he's got two, five years at $240 million coming. Right? How you think they thinking about that? Ocho Can I ask you a question? Yeah. When, When Joel and Beat is on the court Yeah. And he's feeling okay. Yeah. You know, you, you know what you get. Right? Lemme ask you to see what you just said before. You said court. What, what four letter word did you use?


Win. Right? Win. He's played 412 games. He's missed 405. Is there another replacement for Joel Embi? Is there another Joel mbi out here? Hell, I can't get Joel MBI out there. I don't need a replace. I just need him. I don't need a replacement. I need his ass outta the court. You talking about the replacement again? This is the this, this, this is what I'm talking about. This is what I'm talking about too. Now we talking about a special player. Yes. That ain't just, you ain't just picking him off, off the trees like that, that you will take the chance and pay him what he's getting paid despite the amount of games he missed.


Why? Yeah, because he's special. Yes. And you understand what you get when he is on the court. So you know what we gonna pay him. 'cause we know we get when he is on the court, despite the injuries he may have. Yeah. And that's the difference in Young Bull that's in Charlotte who had the opportunity to play. If he was, if he was anything like a Joy and bead, he'd be with the Lakers. They would've definitely passed him Yeah. On that test. But if you think about it, Ocho Billy gonna be in a big now good luck trying to get off. Paul George, he just signed four years at 200 and whatever million dollars. Yeah. Joan B got 240, 260 coming.


Yeah. Now what's the likelihood of these as these guys getting older? Oh yeah. They get healthier. It's tough. It's tough now. It's tough. Yeah. Yeah. And listen, as, as they get older, what you can do, I-I-I-I-I could be wrong, but don't have them on the ball as much allowing them to, if if, I mean as a player, I think you have to evolve where you don't need to touch the ball as much where you, you not putting as much stress and work on yourself. I'm sure. I'm sure there's a way that you, you could make it happen. You not the main focal point. Well, Paul George isn't the main focal point.


He was supposed to be that third wheel. He was supposed to be Joel and b, Tyrese Maxi and Paul George. That's what it was supposed to be. Right. But it looks like now it's Tyree Maxi team and it's Tyrese Maxi, Joel and Embiid and Paul George. Right. But Paul George has been Nick from the jump. Yeah. Joel and Bead with that. The problem that I got with Embiid, if you think about it, Ocho, he was, he got hurt at the end of the season. Right? He was Nick during the postseason. I, you would've thought that, you know what, I'm gonna take my, I'm, and you know what guys I know, I promise you guys, I was gonna come to the Olympics, right? But I gotta get healthy because the goal, if I feel it, I wouldn't have let it play.


No Hell, no. Gold medal versus me trying to win a ring gold medal ring. Olympics don't pay no money. I appreciate, and I know Jordan Le Beat is extremely happy. He immigrated from Cameroon. I, everything is so much of what he's been given from America. And he should, he's grateful and he, and he's thankful and he should be. But at the end of the day, Ocho, the Olympics don't put 500 million in your pocket. The Philadelphia 76ers have I got you. I got you. And so that's, that's just my thinking. Me, bro. I, hey, I would love to, you know, be on that last ride. Because what we had the Bird magic Jordan. Yeah. You had Steph Durant and Bron.


That was, and to be a part of that and to win the goal, I watched that Netflix, that Netflix special, it was unbelievable following the Olympic team. And guys tried to, and, and, and they got access to, you hear the, the Canadian team and you see about Lithuania, the Serbian team with Yolk and Bogdanovich, and you got the Americans, but no, no, no, bro, you, you, you, you, you compromise. Right? The sixth or season ocho, because he hasn't been healthy. Not one day since the season kicked off. Has Joel and B been healthy? Dang.


Yeah. And it's, it's, it's it, and I, you know, I feel bad for the 76 ERs. I I really do. Because they're doing everything they possibly can look. Right. The guy Ben Simmons, that didn't work out. I mean whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever. They had James Harden and James Harden is like, he's the harden, the vote. You know, he wanted to be there, but he wanted his money. He took a pay cut. Yeah. And that's what, that's what, that's the thing. O Joe, stop taking pay cuts. Stop giving these teams discounts. Yeah. Because they get you over the barrel and then they're like, well, we not gonna pay you. Nah, James Har like, well wait a minute, bro, I need that bread. So hopefully we'll see The Volume.