
This is an iHeart podcast, this Independence Day. Wrap yourself in comfort and freedom with Minky Couture from stars, stripes, and snuggles to cozy classics. Our luxury blankets are proudly made to comfort. Whether you're watching fireworks or hosting backyard barbecues, be proud to be cozy all summer long. Celebrate comfort, celebrate freedom, celebrate you. Shop now@minkycouture.com and make your 4th of July unforgettably cozy Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere.


Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the cmba life@cmbacasino.com. No Purchase necessary. V GW Group vo. Were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Welcome to it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas. Oil and gas drive our economy. Ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures.


When it comes to meeting the world's energy needs, more is better. What we mean is our world needs a wide range of energy sources to meet our increasing needs. Just wind or solar won't get us there as the sun doesn't always shine and the wind doesn't always blow. With our growing population and the increasing use of energy demanding technologies like ai, reliability is key. And the reliability of natural gas is unmatched by wind and solar. That doesn't mean we all can't work together, but natural gas is vital to ensuring we meet our energy needs. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it to learn more.


Visit energy transfer.com. The volume. I do want to transition, I just brought this up about playing sports and a friend of mine, we, we were talking actually as I was driving in, I had a television today and so I'm on the freeway in traffic and sun is one of the best high school football players in the country.


One of the top in the state. And we're talking and I told him I'm, I was like, yeah, I gotta do Nightcap. And he knew he was gonna be on the show and he was like, man, ask James. What do you think about kids playing one sport and a lot of kids tearing their acls at a younger age? Mo do you attribute that to one sport? Do you attribute that to not resting, doing too much? Like what do you think can cause that? And why? I don't know how many kids tear the acls at a young age. I do believe that, especially like in the pros where guys are are, are tearing, You know, tendons and all that other stuff.


I think it comes down to cortisol. Like anything that has cortisol in it, You know, You know how you take those med draw dose packs? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and they had you feeling like Superman. You know what I'm saying? All I thought people, because the people, the people that's listening, they don't know what the dose pack is. Like we, so it's, it's, we was taking them shits all the time. Go ahead and let, right, so let the people know because they don't know it's methyl something, whatever. But anything that has song SON or so long, S-O-L-O-N is some form of cortisol and that weakens your tend, it actually doesn't allow your attendance to do the things that it needs to do to like rebuild from you con con, You know, always tear, You know, it tears and micro tears.


But the proteins that need to get in there to help repair it, it doesn't allow it. So now those tend all tend in your body. I mean, I'm talking things as far as like, You know, you get the rub on creams that have some type of cortisone in it. The pills help even inhalers, You know what I'm saying? That has it, it weakens tendons. The biggest tendon in your body is your achilles tendon. And I think that's what's leading to a lot of these guys getting these, You know, achilles tears is that they're taking these forms of cortisone man and it's, it's weakening the tendon and the most weightbearing tendon in your body, You know is your Achilles. So guy goes out there and he puts that force on it.


He probably done took some form of cortisone to make his body feel better. That kills the inflammation, which stops the healing of repair in the proteins that you need to help heal all your tendencies, You know, in your body. Do you think kids and parents, should they be doing more than one sport? I believe they should because if you do more than one sport, it'll make you better at your chosen sport. Dude, I don't, I try and get, and y it's like this, it's just like football year round, basketball year round, baseball year round. I don't understand when this started and why it started. Like I don't understand this. I know it's about money, but the big thing is you gotta take a, you gotta take a break, you gotta take a break somewhere because you still need, even though you're key, you still need that time to repair.


Like you gotta work out, you gotta, you gotta build up, You know that that strength back. You gotta, you gotta let those muscles heal. You gotta give 'em time to, to You know, to repair. And I don't think they really, You know, understand like yeah it is a kid but you still need to have strong muscles. You know another thing guys in the NFL when, when the NFL first starts, you got a lot of dudes that get soft tissue injuries, they pulling hamstrings, they pulling quads and all that other stuff. What guys are doing is they're not putting their body through those forces. They done went through these collective bargaining agreements and made it to where you don't have to practice no more. So you don't harden your body up to actually go out there and do the things that you're asking you to do.


So all off season, you're out here doing the little cute drills, but you're not putting your body into positions where as a linebacker I have to drive and bang into alignment and push off of him. So that's why you see me doing sled pushes. They're like, why is you pushing 1800 pounds on the sled? Because I'm putting that force into my Achilles that I'm going to have to get, that's going to be a greater force than I'll ever see on the football field. So that when I go and I step on that field, I done put my body through all that in the off season. I done made it so hard in the off season that the game is easy. And now you got guys that they don't train like that no more. They don't have to practice like that no more.


They don't even do preseason like that no more. And now you get into week one and you're telling your body, Hey go out here, gimme 65 snaps at a hundred miles an hour. And you wonder why guys are pulling hamstrings and quads. They're dehydrated, they haven't put their bodies through those forces. And the strength and and weakness of the muscles. Like, like I said, you get a guy that's quad dominant, he's pulling his hamstring, you get a guy that's hamstring dominant, he's pulling his quad more. If no, if you more sports, they you, to me, you just can't be specialized. And and I say that and my son has played basketball now a year straight. We've had time off but a year straight. But we'll take, we'll go play a little 7 0 7, but this would be pretty much his last year playing basketball.


Then we gonna go to football, then we're gonna go back to basketball, then we gonna go to track. Like, we gonna be doing all this because you wanna build an athlete. I want at least I wanna build an athlete. And what are you doing to help him recover? Repair. So what we do each night, not every night, probably every other night I got the NormaTec. So when on NormaTec his legs i'll massaging with a rag gun or my hands, he can't take my hand Jack, he be, he be crying or he won't cry. He just be moving around too much saying it, it hurts. And then I, I bought a, I bought a game ready. Okay, he'll use the game ready.


I got a little ice tub he'll get in that, he gets in that fine. That first time, boy, he started crying. Me and my wife argued about that one. He started crying when I put him in ice tub last year. And I'm like crying for boy, like I got mad at him for crying and You know she, yeah, mad at me for getting mad at him but he cried that one time and then he was good. So yeah, we, we norm tech, we ice tub. If he need it with the game ready, we do the game ready, I'll kind of rub him out a little bit. Yeah, pretty much that's what we do. Okay. So you doing things to help him repair recover. Yeah. You supplementing it? No, no supplements at all. Because I didn't take, when I played zero, I've never taken a supplement.


Yeah. But, but, but no, nobody, even though he's your son, he's, he, he he's from you. That don't mean his body and DNA go with son. No, we we haven't. We haven't. Nah, no we, he's never taken any supplements just because I don't think he's, and we do like small strength work, meaning we do a lot of like getting your hips strong, getting your calves strong. Was that a little sous muscle right under the knee? Outside the knee on your right side? Is that, that's what that is on the outside right here. Your knee on the look this How about your VMO vmo? No, no, no. That's your quad. The VMO is right there. What you talking about?


Oh you talking about below the front? On the side of the shin? Yeah, that okay. I just do a lot of exercises to kind of strengthen up his calves for the Achilles and its hips. A lot of band work stretching. Yeah, but we not, we not really. He ain't, he has never lifted weight at all. We'll do I do a lot hurdle jumps? Yeah. I mean he's still young. Yeah, we ain't, we ain't lifting no weight. But I think that part of it just be a multi-sport athlete 'cause Yes it may, it's going make it's going. I've tried to get my kids to do that and understand that y'all need to do multiple sports 'cause it will make you better at your chosen sport. You know, like I don't wanna do it 'cause I'm not good at, that's why you should do it, You know, 'cause you're not good at it.


It'll, it'll develop more skill for you to be better at the sport that you actually want to get better at. At track field, bro. You run track. Yes. You, you gonna be powerful. You gonna be powerful. You will be powerful. And and that's the thing I said I was getting on a track today. I ain't do shit today. Couldn't even keep nothing. Nothing. No accountability. It's okay. No, I, I had to, I had to go to work today. Okay. I mean that you wanna call it, you had to go, you had to go to work at four o'clock in the morning, four o'clock in the morning. TJ is asleep. I'm just saying I had woke, You know, I had to make sure I got everything. Woke was seven 30 out. So I got up at one 30 and make sure I got everything done. One 30 And what time you went to bed?


I don't know, probably 10. Oh nah. Uhuh. If I go to, I went to bed at like 1130, woke up at seven 30. Oh I was, that's why I had some business to handle. That's what I was doing. Handling some business? Some. Yeah. Yeah. I had business to handle. I normally don't have a lot of business to handle but I had some business to handle and I did that for like two and a half hours and I was like, oh I had to take a shower and hit the freeway 'cause I had to be in studio. Okay. So that's what happened. But I'm gonna, I'm gonna get on, I'm gonna get on it tomorrow. I want to get on, I wanna talk about this Stefon Diggs and Cardi B, right? Oh Diggs rented Cardi BA castle while they were in Europe.


This is, this can go many directions. One, is that something that Deebo would do for his? Like you, you married or you got a girlfriend, you married? Nah, no, no, no, no, no I'm not married. You do that for me because we know you got a big brand, you can afford it. We know you got big Facebook. We know you so afford it. Listen, it ain't like that. It ain't like that. Listen. So for me, I don't see a problem with it. As long as you are not stepping outta your financial lane, You know what I'm saying? As long as it's not putting you in a position that later on that that's gonna hurt you.


Taking a look at Jeff Bezos. Jeff Bezos just got married. What he spend like 40 something million dollars or something, whatever. That's nothing to him. He makes anywhere from 26 to $45 million a day. He spent a day's worth of money. Okay. So nobody is going to even blink an eye at that if you're not stepping out to the financial lane. And it's not something that's going to hurt you do whatever it is that you wanna do, You know what I'm saying? Like I don't, I don't see a problem with it. So, You know, if I told you you you did something extravagant and you spent a day's pay on it, would that be extravagant to you? No.


Nah. Okay. So with that being said then being, what's the wildest purchase you've made for a young lady then? So the wildest purchase, it was an older lady but the wildest purchase that I made is I, I bought her a house. Yeah, I bought her a house. I was trying to get her to go into the house sooner, but she didn't want to go. She was married but But she was married when you bought her a house? No she wasn't. Well her husband had passed Okay. A few years before and then I ended up, I guess, You know, she was finally ready to go and I ended up buying her the house probably about four or five years after her husband passed.


And You know, my mama been happy there ever since. Oh that's a good one. I was like what? I'm thinking like her husband passed. Yeah. My dad nah see go though. They was on there probably like, Hey you, hey they, hey you was about to get another dms. Like well shit, what's up? Come on bruh. No man, I ain't never did nothing extravagant dude. Yeah. Really? Nah, nah, maybe You know I ain't gonna call something, You know I ain't, I don't myself man. Coming from where I come from.


I, I Think you go either direction when you grew up in a slums like I did, I mean I grew up with nothing bro. Nothing like I'm talking electricity going out. We got goddamn kerosene lamps and shit, flashlights, candles and shit. The kerosene here with the water on top. Bru I'm telling bruh. Yeah. Like they was putting light bills in my name and my brother's name and they wasn't paying that shit to get cut off. They put it in the other brother name like that's something broke. We were man so we ain't had shit bro growing up nothing. And so I just kind of jumped into the streets at a early age to kind of get some money.


But so I Think you go either way when you come from the slums, you get that money, I'm spinning it, you get that money. I gotta be careful and save it 'cause I know what it's like to go back to that. Yeah, you don't never wanna go back. And, and so I will say I'm kind of like an in-between on this man. Like I might put up a fuss about buying some shit but if I'm with someone, I want 'em to look nice. I want 'em to have nice things but it ain't just unlimited. It ain't unlimited. Right. But I want you to have nice things like if you doing right by me and you want something, I'm gonna get it for you. Alright. So right now wife, you say I want this watch, it's a meal, you getting it?


Fuck no. Okay, now hold up. Why stop wife? He say you want, you want this watch, it's a meal but you got Bezos money, you getting it? Oh, if I got Bezos money, I'ma ask Yes. How many watches you want? Exactly, yes, but me, but that's me now. Like if she, if okay, I, I mean I ain't rich what I got, I, I do have enough money. Like I'm not hurting for money, no question. But it, it's like I want my kids to be given a head start on life. Like I wasn't. So I wanna leave my kids and, and enough money to where they comfortable when I'm no longer here.


And hopefully that's gonna be the case. And so I try to make sure that I don't watch what I spend, but I'm not a I'm not a extravagant individual though. So So what you're saying is you got a problem with it. I ain't got no problem. Nah, I don't have a problem with it. I'm, I'm in your realm. Okay. If okay, it ain't affecting how you, if it don't, if it don't affect your lifestyle shit, it ain't a big deal. Right. Like if if it's not affecting your lifestyle, it is not a big deal at all. That's how. But for me, if I got it, I want my wife to have nice things. I want my lady girlfriend whoever, I want her to have nice things.


I want my kids to have nice things. I don't, I don't have nothing like I don't buy myself a lot like, bro, I'll never forget this story bro. You know how you get to the league and you talked about oh he showed me his check. You remember that? Yes, yes. You know everybody, once they get money they driving Lambos, Ferraris, Phantoms Bentleys. So I said to myself, man, I'd never ever buy one of those cars. That's crazy. So then when I stopped my deal it was like I wanted a nice car. I had already had the Benzes and what's above that And I got one broth paid 270,000 cash straight cash bow.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're route. And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education. When you take the test drive using the route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the route app drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates.


Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the towels Bro. I swear before God man I drove that car. I had it for like four years when I got rid of it. It's like 6,000 miles. 6,000 miles. And I'm just like, and when I'm paying two 70 cash straight, no payments, no down payments. Bye. Yeah. Oh. Believe I did the same stupid stuff four years later bro.


Four years later I got $130,000 for that bro. And I'm just like, what are you doing? And then I still go buy another expensive, it's just, it's crazy like I'm gonna buy cars. I don't wear a ton of jewelry but my wife and I don't wear jewelry at all. Well I got on ing, I just got Rie. That's it. That's it. Hold up. I'm gonna tell you right now though. And they fake. Yeah, they gotta be, I I ain't wearing no real jewelry. They gotta be no question. We we now that's one thing I will say UNC and Ocho, they out. But that's one thing we got in common with Chad. You see me with some jewelry man this shit ain't real.


No it ain't real. I'm gonna telling you it ain't real. You ain't gonna believe me No way. That ain't need get something real. Fuck. So don't, so so why all you fellas don't try to run up on somebody? You gonna take that. Hey listen, run up on me and I'm gonna pull 'em out my ear again to you. You wrote up on me. I'm gonna give them to you and I'm gonna give you something else too. No, if you got that, if you got that ratchet on you and I ain't got a chance to get to mine, I'm gonna give 'em to you. Ain't nothing but 5 99. I'm gonna give them to you then I'm gonna give you something else. Like you can have this but you just practicing if you robbing me baby. So I ain't got nothing but plastic and, and, and glass. I I just, I just feel like it's what you said bro.


And, and, and digs, boy he done, he done made a ton of money. If that ain't affecting how you live your life. But we, we also gotta take into account he still playing and You know when you playing, hey you ain't counting, we won't counting. I ain't gonna lie. You not counting, you counting blow some money when you pay when you playing bro. Sometimes you just, it just be like let's go back to your shit bro. When you talking about buddy showing your check. I remember I did the same thing to one of my young fellas when I was making big money bro. I showed him my check and at that point it was this before taxes. This before taxes. My shit was like 720,000 right a week.


And I showed it to him and he was just like wow. But when you making that type of money every week you will blow some money. Yeah. Don't even, don't even think about it. Yeah. But then when you done playing you look back, you like I must spend like a million and a half dollar on rims and fuck was I thinking? What? Like hey yeah hey bro we would know but You know you had to get it outta your system at some point though. Oh we go shopping, I promise we go shopping and I want every color of this, every color. Boom. I want every color of that too.


And didn't wear it. Don't even wear all of it. Hey I was wear one time, don't even wear it all one time. You Yeah you don't even wear it all one. You for sure ain't wearing it all. And when you do wear it, you wear it one time you be like, shit, I've already wore this. I can't wear this no more. Like I can't be seen in this. I can't be seen in this again. I done already wore, wore this outfit. Yeah. Unbelievable. I was never like that. I knew dudes that was like that though. I was, I mean there's been times where like bro, I probably, like right now I think I got at least 60, 70 suits. We don't even wear suits on TV anymore. We, we casual now.


So I'm like yeah I ain't gonna lie. I got, yeah I probably got the same thing 'cause I used to get 10 suits a year so I I dude I probably got like a like a hundred twenty, one thirty suits. No. So this what happened, the reason I don't have as many suits is when we was playing we was Steve in the suits big as hey I had to get rid of I I got rid of of them. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Hey baggy ass. The coat damn mirror at your knees long a the leg bought this wide like bru so I got rid of them. So I'm like I can't wear these suits no more.


So then I ordered some, I probably ordered probably after I got done playing like 30 suits European slim fit. Now, now the backing was coming back, I'm like, oh well I'm staying with this. Yeah, no question. We would just waste money and not realizing we made wasting money 'cause it's constantly coming in. 'cause it's that every Monday bro, you start seeing that and you check your account you'd be like, damn. Like it just, and after a while if you just stop checking it 'cause You know it's in there and then you just suspend it. And so my lady wants something and we cool let's go.


Yeah. And I think a lot of guys are like that. A lot of guys are like that. Oh yeah. Everybody's there. Nobody real well I take it back. I won't say nobody. I was, I was, I was more of a a, a counter checking my account more often than, 'cause You know, my first year in the league I made $60,000 on practice squad. So You know, I didn't, I I was checking, I I made that last for almost with that in one active game the next year and another four weeks of practice squad. I made it almost two years on a disclaimer. Now we talking once we got the money that's talking. Once we got the money, yeah. Early on I wasn't married early on I'll be like, hey, I checked the account.


What did you just buy for 2,700? What are you doing? Stop doing that. What are you doing? Like it, it became a point where like, I'm like bro, like I was getting angry and so then I talked to somebody and they was like, TJ, you good man, you not gonna go broke. Like you good. I'm like, what you, You know that right? Once you get the money, then it's like okay, I know I'm comfortable, I know I'm good but it's always gonna be that. But, but like I want my lady to be happy. I want her to look nice. I want her to have nice things. I mean, you can't die with the money. But I do wanna leave no question kids, I want to give my kids what I'd never had.


Listen, I I want, I wanna leave them enough and I ain't, I ain't trying to leave them enough just to sit there and do nothing. Nah, but if you, if we you raise, we raise them right man, they gonna be motivated man. They going to, they gonna still get out there and do something. So I got four of them and my two oldest one they grown and the two younger ones, one a teenager and my other one 11. So that, that's going to be if it ain't hurting your pockets man. Right. Do do what you do. But if you spend today and you sitting here like this tomorrow we got a problem on our hands, we got a problem because now you sitting there like, damn I done spent all that money for this and now you gotta figure out how to go get it.


And digs got that paper coming in. Bezos got that paper coming in. Jake? Yes. Preston had that paper coming in. So y'all good. Stop it. Stop it bro. Stop it bro. Y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all good? So man, before we get up outta here man, we, we going to talk a few more things man. Did you see the story with a man in Florida? He was paying his girlfriend rent 2,500 a month. That ain't much at all. 2,500 a month. That ain't shit really. He's paying it for years. And then he found out she had a housing voucher. Her rent was only $106.


What you going to do? Oh I'm gone. I'm gone. She better fill me a savings account. They got all that money in there. She done went and did something with it and multiplied it and she was just wasn't telling me it was, it was a surprise. Otherwise I'm gone. No, you you gonna say anything to her? You just No, I'm not saying the what. I'm like yo, I'm I'm gonna check up. Be like what you gotta save is you got any, you got any investment something I'm gone. I ain't gonna say nothing. She gonna be, wherever she at, she gonna come in house gonna be empty. Everything gone. Phone number changed everything. I'm gone. So you honey don't know what you paying. She must have told him or when they, this something happened to where the rent was 2,500.


So he was just paying it and then he stumbled upon that voucher. That was $106 or something. Gotta be some, I don't know what they call it. Where you from out here? We call it section eight. They call it out there like that section? Yeah. Section eight. Yeah. Okay, so section eight worldwide. So she must have been on section Hold on, hold on, hold on. Section eight. He's supposed to be living with her. Is he? I don't know if he was living with her. It just said he was paying her rent but he could be living with her. You know, You know when you're from the hood come on. You ain't supposed to live with him. But we living with him like okay you listen when they come check 25, he had to know she was on section nine. Ain't no section eight, $2,500 I'm living.


Maybe she told him she didn't get section eight so they had to pay the, the regular price of the rent. I don't know what it was, but all I know is what did he do? I don't know what he did. I, me personally, I can't leave like you. I got to, I got know. I know I gotta let her know. I know. I gotta let her know. I know. So I'm gonna just be like, say rent due on the first. I'm gonna just be like, who paying the rent this month? Oh, you got it. You been paying it? How you gonna say that? I'm gonna ask who paying the rent this month? I wanna see what she say. How much is it again?


You sure? Okay. Oh 106. Yeah. 'cause I seen a thing, I mean 2,500. 'cause I saw the voucher that said it was 106. What was that? I just wanna see her stutter. See, see what her excuse is, see what her reason is and then I'm gone. But I, I'm okay. Can't I can't leave 'cause I just want to and then I may, I may not just leave right then and there. I'm probably gonna be like, so what was you doing with the money? I wanna do 2,500. However many if it's, I don't know how long it is because if it's one year that's 30,000. If it's two years, that's 60 thou.


I wanna know what you been, she was taking care of her other men. What have you been doing with the money? She can't tell me that. She can't tell me that. 'cause I'm not putting my hands on any woman. That's one thing that I will never ever do. But the, and that's the, see that's the thing though. When you ask once you've been doing with the money, you better be ready for any answer. Right. I don't wanna know. Listen, I know you ain't got it. It's been spent. There's no need for me to be here. I'm just gonna be gone when you come home. It's gonna be a surprise. Damn. That's it. Damn. Like 2,500.


I mean, where they live at. Don't you can't get nothing out here for 2,500. That's Cali. Man. Y'all so expensive. It's, man, I don't understand out there. Dude, 2,500 is high rent where I'm at in, in, in, in P eight. Shit. You that's highfalutin, that's highfalutin rent. Like my apartment, my apartment buildings, I get more the 2,500 per unit. Damn. Yeah. See y'all, y'all y'all man, that's crazy. Y'all prices out there, man. You, you living in the ghetto out there for like a million? Nah, hell nah. Nah man, listen, I drove through when I was going out there for Fox and stuff. Yeah man, I drove through, what is that Beverly Hills over there now that every house over there at least 8 million.


So I'm looking at something man. I'm like, dude, if I could take my land and my house over here, I get dang on 50, $40 million. But this the thing though. This the thing, this is the big difference. 'cause James, Debo, Harrison, you got big bread bro. So stop bro. Hold up. If you went bought a house, stop. Listen to what I'm saying. If you went and bought a house in Beverly Hills tomorrow for 10 million in three years, guess how much you gonna sell it for what? At least 18, 19 million. If you buy a $2 million house in Pittsburgh in three years, what you're selling it for?


2.1. You could depend what you, You know, you could get. Well it depends what you built it for and all that. You could, you could possibly get two, three. I know this the first house that I bought and it wasn't in Beverly Hills. I bought my first house in Chino Hills, two thou. I didn't even have enough money man. But I bought it. I didn't spend no money my first couple years I bought a house in Chino Hills. That's like 40 minutes outside of LA for 430,000 or maybe four, four. I think it was four 40. That's a good price. Hold up. I bought this house in 2003. I sold it in 2005. 2005 for 890,000.


Y'all, y'all tripping out there man. Oh years. It doubled two years. So then I bought another house a few years later for a few million. Sold it. Imagine what I got. So that's what I'm saying. It's like when you buy a, I couldn't live in Cali though. I couldn't live in Cali. It's the best place to live. It ain't no it's not. Fuck dude. Traffic is horrible. Who traffic is horrible. If there's one negative about Southern California, one negative and it's the traffic. That's it. Outside of that, there's no other negatives about, that's it, it's the traffic. Nothing else, nothing else. It's, it's more negatives out in California.


Traffic. That's it. Nothing else dude. Nothing else. Traffic. Listen, traffic is trash. That's it. Y'all got, I ain't even gonna get into it, man. It's, there's your traffic. Nothing else. You buy a house for five, 700,000, you gonna sell it for 1.3 million in two years. So you pay a lot, but you also get a lot. You gotta get it though first. You, you got it. So when you, when you can afford it. Right. You good, you good. You don't, I want value for my money, man. You don't get that there. I need to have green. I need to have green grass around me.


I need to have trees. I need to have a acre and a half. Okay. So if you want that, you can go right, you can go to Temecula, which is 45 minutes to an hour outside LA you gonna get everything you want. But it's sunny all the time. Go to Temecula. I like, I like to change the weather. I like to change the season. I like to change the season. I like, I like, I like, yeah. I like, yeah, I like listen, I wanna, it's not that I like it. I I appreciate it. I respect it. So now I know too how to appreciate a 35 degree, You know, and sunny day because we don't get that much sun in Pittsburgh. Baby. The sun come out.


That's a good day. And that's what I'm trying to tell you. You come on to California, you gonna get the sun 300 days out the year. I don't want that. Read the you get spoiled then. Huh? You get spoiled then you start walking around with a jacket on when it's, You know, 45, 50 degrees as as you should. Like, man, I, I ain't coming at my shorts still drop to 35. I wanna be able to wake up and not be like, damn man. How cold is it outside? Nah, I put on what I wanna put on. I know like I'm about to go. It's, it's almost eight o'clock Pacific time. I'm going to my sun game and this shirt and some shorts. I'm gonna do the same thing long as I can do in Arizona.


As long as it ain't below 35. Nah, I, I just, to me, California then probably Texas, Florida, Arizona. I can't go to Florida. Man. It's a bad hurricanes flowing through there. Them, them the cities. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all might get stuck up out there, huh? Hey James, I've been, I've been in California my entire life. My entire life except when I'm playing. You ain't had an earthquake? Yeah. Okay. You feel it. Stop. It ain't never been where my house has been damaged.


Knock on wood, everybody, You know, technology is much better. We're for, we're a forward thinking state, baby. Yeah. You come to California stock lights, our, we got lining on the freeway like everything down here. Progress down here. Sports, you had your daughters playing in high school sports. You know, we ain't gonna get into that. We ain't gonna get into that. They, they place off. Yeah. We not gonna get into none of that. Yeah. Like I don't agree with that. But I'm just saying California, I just, you can go get you one of them houses in Beverly Hills. No, that, that right there is an, that's a, that's an investment that's going give you a great return.


Not, not good. Great. No, great. No, like I'm so mad. No, I was playing, it was a house. It was like 5.7 million and I was like damn, I can't do it. Man. That house worth like 20 million now. So if my dumb scary ass would've just got the house for 5.7, I could sold it for 20 but I was scared. I ain't do it. 20 million. That's a profit. If you can do your path of 14.3 million, what you doing? No. Well, You know, I know where to do it. Yeah. All right. Yeah, yeah.


All right. You gonna be somewhere You don't wanna be that to me. So me personally, that's worse to be you. You just gotta just go ahead and come out here, man. You, you already close enough. You in Arizona right now. Hey, good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with route insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance.


You'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting reviews. See route.com for Detailss. So, so before we go, man, I wanna talk about this is, I don't know if you saw I be in, I be in the news all the time.


I read a lot. A landscaper from North Carolina. He got Arre, he's a landscaper. He got arrested because he hosted a party at one of his client's house when he realized they was out of town. So he went to the house, You know, did the landscaping. This little weekly duty to do their yard. Realized they was gone and said, fuck it, I'm about to throw a party here. Ain't nobody here. And he got his ass arrested because it got, it got too as he should. As he should. If that you shoulda if that's your landscape or are you firing him or you want to know why you give him another chance? Or you he he gone, I got a fire in 'cause I can't see.


I'm gonna crash out. I'm I it's a dude, I'm go ahead. But they they're not in your house. They just in the backyard. I don't care. I TJ you leave right now for this game. I decide to come up there and throw a party in your backyard. You cool with that? But nah, because see when somebody walk on my yard and my phone vibrates and I got cameras all around my house. So when you come to my yard, I'm just gonna look to see what's going on and then I can talk. We go ahead cameras. So I'm gonna let you Yeah, we go and just, and and cut the power. They, we, we say the power out to the whole neighborhood. Yeah. Hey, you go cry. I ain't crash gonna lie. Crash out. I'm not, I'm not gonna lie. I'd be pissed the fuck off.


Yes. That, that, that, that's unacceptable. That, that's real disrespect. What you think that you could go, dude, that I don't even understand where that logic that, that, that train of thought comes from. I'm going to thought they got neighbors. You think the neighbors ain't calling talking about, hey, you threw a party and You know, I see you guys having a good time man. Yeah. That, that son, You know, you just can't do that. That's, that's just disrespect at its highest farm. Like fuck it. I know they out of town. I'm about to just chill. They backyard had to be hella big. But in you in North Carolina, that's where you want to be at North Carolina, Pittsburgh, you got all this slang. You got acres. Dude, I, I'm not, I'm not leaving, I'm not leaving anywhere from that Ohio PA area.


Man. I, I'm, look, see, see what I'm really looking is I'm trying to get like 12, 1500 acres. You know what I'm saying? That's what I'm trying to do. You hunt? Yeah. Oh, so you got some y'all, y'all country boys man, y'all from the Midwest and the like we don't really do that out here. We don't do that out here. Yeah. Like shit, what, what, what you gonna do? I used to hunt. What happened? People that walked on two legs. I think it is my safe so goofy. That's that's about, that's about it. That's about it. Y'all make sure y'all delete that. Make sure you delete that.


But like the do hunt fish, all that, You know, you garden all that. Grow your own food. You know food. Yeah. We don't, we don't do that own out there food. At least I, I mean but I wasn't, that wasn't something that I saw growing up. And so if you don't see, if you don't see it growing up, that is, this is not, well I didn't, I didn't hunt growing up. My agent actually got me into hunting. Did. That's what I was gonna say. Once you start getting some money fishing and people start fishing, fool you in and do things, it will expand your horizons of I'm gonna go hunt, I'm gonna go fish, I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna take this vacation.


I'm gonna do that. 'cause you get around. Yeah, me and my sons, we go to, well my, both my sons went last year, a year two and a two years before that just my oldest son went and we go to Alaska like every other year now. All that on Instagram. Yeah. Yeah. You, I coming out there man. We go out there for a weak dude. It's the most Listen bro, I'm trying to tell you. You ain't never seen and heard like, just such quiet, like there's no dang. If it, if it was free, I wouldn't do it, dude. You don't, you don't know what you missing. Peace man. Quiet unplug. Like all that dude. I can get that at home.


No, dude. You can't get the quietness. Yeah, you could hear, you could dude, you could hear a ego man. Just off in the distance, bro. Like you hear, You know like sometimes a, a whale will come through and you just hear, see that's what the water, like me being from California, all these beaches, I'm getting into the water to my knees. As soon as you eat halibut. Huh? Do you eat halibut? Yeah. Yeah. I eat halibut. Yeah, I eat a lot of fish. That's all we catch out there is halibut, dude, Habi salmon. Ship it back home. Reino snapper. That that's what I eat. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's all we, that's all we catch out there. Dude is halibut king.


Salmon like, dude, I'm talking huge halibut. Dude, you talking like hundreds of pounds. Are you able to, you were able to break it back home? Y yes. They drop, they flash. You, you go you do, you do your fishing. After you get back to the dock, they cut the fish up, flash, freeze it right there. Each day they flash, freeze it. And then at the end of your trip, you, so how about next time you go and you, you send me some fish, I'll pay for it. How about that? That's the best of both worlds right there. Can we, can we do that? Dude, I still got a freezer. I got, I got a free, I I had to buy a whole freezer for all fish. Send me some, let send me some. I'll pay for it. No man. Ain't it all? If you want. Yes, we will. If you still got it in your freezer, you ain't eating it.


All you crazy dude. You eat fish once a week, y'all, y'all see he don't even wanna share. He don't even wanna share. If you wanna share, you come out there and you catch your own. You be a man. You sit in nature with us. You sit there, you conversate. You have a good time. We conversate now. No, no. You gotta be in nature. You puff cigars. Nah man, I don't, I've never smoked anything in my life. Yeah, you get like, You know, puff, puff your cigar, whatever it is you like to do. See my upbringing. You ex throw my up, bro. I ain't doing sit in the hot tub. Not, yeah. I ain't, I ain't smoking no cigar.


I ain't smoking no cigarettes. I ain't smoking no weed. If you choose to do it, you choose to do my upbringing man. And all the shit that I saw when drugs do to people couldn't pay me to do. Yeah. Nothing. Nothing. Yeah. Like you could drink, drink your water. Hey, it's a lady there, dude, listen, I gotta give you this. I gotta, I got, I gotta tell you this. So we went, so the first time I went there, right, I went there with my brother, him and his company. They, they went there as a, as a group. It was him and a couple people he knew from Ms. Comp. So we get there and it's the first night we done got there. Right. And You know, I'm, I'm new to this. I'm like, yo, do a got a gym. You know I'm, I'm upset and ain't got a gym.


You know, we actually in a cabin, whatever, You know, it come to turn out. It's, it's nice man. It's, it's real nice. So that's why, You know, we try and go every other year now. So we get there and we're sitting down to dinner, right. And we're eating and You know, we're just talking and conversating and it's my brother's stretch. It's me and it's my son James. And we're the only black people there. Everybody else is white. So we're sitting there, we're talking and they're having a conversation and they're talking about something about like doing this or fixing this or whatever. And the lady, she's like, yeah, You know if we don't have what we need to fix something, we just g Gregor rigged.


I say what? He said, yeah, we just g Gregor rigged everybody's face at the table. Like just got like, I'm like, what you mean g Gregor rigged? I'm like, You know g Gregor rigged, that's our last name. It's G Gregger. I'm like, oh, I thought you were trying to say without using the N. Yeah. Yeah dude, the home table started laughing a, a sigh relief dude. So their last name is Griggs. And if they do something that's unconventional, they saying they g Gregor rigger. And I was, I was like, I was talking, You know, You know how we see that we gone up. Yeah.


Yeah. Dude, it was so funny, man. But I had it, man. Had a great time. That lady can cook, dude. And when you go just be prepared in those whatever it is, five to seven days. You putting on 10 pounds. It's fresh cookies every day. I'm talking about stacks like this, bro. Fresh cookies in the, in, in the, in the glass, peach cobbler, apple pie. All the brownies, everything, dude. Yeah. It's unbelievable. Half of my cholesterol. Hey listen. Oh there we go. What's happening?


There you go. Look. There you go. What on? Where you at friend? Where you at? Hey boy. I'm looking for you boy. You ain't, You know where to find me. I'm looking, I'm looking for you. Why? Where you at? I come to you right now. Where you at? I'm in, I'm in the Dominican Republic. What's happening? Oh, I gonna, I want, I wanna come to pa. What pa stand for? What pa stand for? Pa, Pennsylvania. Right. Oh. I thought oh, oh. The only pa know is personal assistant because that's what you gonna need when I'm done with you. Shit, you crazy. You got any all back. Hey listen bro, listen. Hey listen man, talk to me. I said, I said, I said for him to come get you. I tell you what, if you wasn't in the de if you wasn't a Dominican, I would've went.


I just, I Is that, is that a different country or do I need a passport for that or something? You need, you need a passport. You gonna need more than that though. Huh? No, you gonna need a, you gonna need a army. Boy. I don't need no army. You, you gonna need something ain wearing that tank. Tank top because you was gonna get intimidated. Hey tj. Tj Man, listen man, I'm gonna smash that boy face in. You hear me? And look, lemme take my glasses off ahead. I'm gonna smash that boy face in. They can see your lying eyes. Huh? You hear me? Go ahead. So they can see your lying eyes. So hey, keep your head on the swivel boy. Keep my head swivel. Keep your head sw. I never been scared me scared. Word, none of that. Do me a favor, invite me to Alaska. You know I'm here 'cause I'm on vacation.


I'm still, I'm still looking for you. I'm dead ass. You wanna go to Alaska? For real? I seen you the dates. Hey, please do, please do. No question. And I, Hey, hey tj. TJ can you hear me? I can hear you. I'm gonna take whatever fish he catch and I'm gonna send it to you. My dog. My dog. I got you. You see he ain't wanna gimme no fish. You see that? I got you. Hey, tell I got you. Hey. Yeah, I'm gonna send you all the information you need. That's all I need. Bring your, bring your ass on up out there. I got you homie. I got you homie. I got you the homie. Yeah. Little homie. Pressure I got you the homie. No pressure. Yeah. Oh, you smoking? What you smoking on? Little lunatic cigar. I'm gonna add, I'm at the end of it. I smoke cigars too.


Yeah, I heard your as ass. I don't care. Nothing about that though. Wait, come again, come again. Your repeat that. I still gonna whip your ass. And after I knock your punk ass out, I'm gonna stick a cigar in your mouth. False. Hey boy, you should be a comedian boy. You sound like Chris Rock. What? No, you sound like Chris Rock. No, you sound like Chris Rock. Hey. No. All, all, all jokes inside. All jokes inside you. My dude. You know I I rock with you after I beat your ass. We could be cool. We could be cool. Oh look, listen, listen. This, this ain't, this ain't, this ain't even gonna be nothing personal man. This gonna be all business. I'll be the rapper. I'm be the rapper too. I'll be the rap. Tj. Tj, tj. You don't wanna be y'all. Is it just boxing?


Nah, nah, nah. I wanna grapple. I wanna get, I wanna wrestle You talking about I wanna be able to use my hands and feet. I'm gonna kick him in his fucking nose guys. TJ this is serious. TJ gonna, Hey this. Go. Hey listen, this goes beyond football. This goes beyond the grid iron. Like this is not personal. It's business. And I just wanna, I gotta stand up for all the little people. Who, the little people. Is TJ in that group? Nah, everybody. TJ said you smaller than him. Chad. Everybody right now. You trying to right now weigh hundred 80 pounds. Nah, I'm, I'm 2 0 5 right now. T You know, I trying to say I weigh 180. Oh nah, no, nah. Big 2 0 5. Yeah, I'm 2 0 5 right now. I've been in the gym.


Matter of fact, you don't understand. I've been in the gym gaining weight and creating mass to beat your ass. You ain't got enough mass or weight to do shit with me? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. You, I'm not in the gym losing weight, so I got win. Okay. The dog. Walk your ass. All right. All right. Well, well good. Good luck with that dog walk. I hope you got the right leash. Oh, I do a choke chain. All right. And I'm gonna choke you out. Alright? All right. Yeah. And I'm leave too. I'm gonna take that chain on your neck. Hey, you do. Don't jewelry like that. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey, hey. Raise your hand before you talk. Okay? And when I call in, you didn't answer crazy. You know, You know I'm, You know, I'm a a black belt, right?


I don't give a damn what you with. Hey, if you black and you wear a belt, that's about it. Alright. You know what, tj, tj I done had enough. 'cause he think it's a joke. Hey. Yeah. There's no, your d is coming boy. Every dog has his d yours is coming. You going have to get a whole new set of veneers. All right. Hey, if you could touch my face, if you, you see how good I look, if you touch my face, you could have whatever. If I touch your face, I'm actually gonna make it look better. All right? Okay. Bet. Keep that same energy when I see you in person, nigga. Yes. Keep that same energy all day. I'm gonna slap you, boy. Right? Okay. No crazy. Hey, hey, T I'm on vacation. I'm gone.


Hey, enjoy, enjoy. Stay safe, my brother. I love you. Dog loud. No, he quiet. So he, he, he was like, I'm tired of texting. I'm just going to pop in. Yeah, pop in. Yeah. So we gonna finish on that note. This is the last day of our Nightcap takeover. James Debo Harrison. I'm TJ s Mazada. Now this ain't the last day we coming back to taking over some more. Matter of fact, they keeping Chad off his own shit. And it's gonna be, it's gonna be on and Devo if they want us. Yeah, but y'all make sure you like, you subscribe, you tell a friend to tell a friend to tell a friend.


Y'all go get some of that deebo me that's in the on the screen. And we appreciate y'all locking in with us these last four days. Man, we out. That boy done made a cameo from vacation, right? I ain't gonna lie. That little setup he had out there look nice. I ain't, yeah, that shit look real nice. Damn. That shit look real nice. Yeah. Damn. James gone. Damn. He got the fuck up outta town. Well thank y'all.


Appreciate y'all man. Y'all have a great weekend. Take care of yourselves. Be safe. Take care of y'all. Thank you. The volume, Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it. Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp.


Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation Ink. Austin, Texas.


40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly. This is an iHeart podcast.