
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers


as a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home? Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA Tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas verse Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This is Ashley Aade from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try well with Future Health? You can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball in March. Mania one thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with drafting sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draft King is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download drafting sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up. Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice. Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 have estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


The Imagine continues Get ready for an all new bonus episode of Patino Red Storm Rising. Only on Vice tv. Vice Sports says fo Coach Rick Patino in the St. John's men's basketball monumental season as they won the Red Storm's First Big East regular season title in 40 years on a favorite to win their first conference tournament championship since 2000. The series captured the teams in working Eno's old school coaching style as he takes a candid look at the highs and lows that Mark Eno's storied career as he returned St. John's to prominence in his New York City hometown. Cameras followed Patino and the red storm on campus to alumni and booster events, press conferences, private settings in-game huddles, pre-game halftime and post-game locker rooms, on road trips in coaches meetings and NIL discussions to name a few.


The high stakes bonus episode will offer viewers a review of the red storm's performance in the NCA Men's basketball tournament leading up to the final four. The Patino Red Storm Rising finale airs Thursday, April 3rd at 10:00 PM Eastern only on Vice tv. Go to vice tv.com to find your cable channel Ojo. The Patriot signed. Stefan digs three years contract worth up to 69 million. Diggs is 31 years of age working his way back from a torn ACL.


Yeah, but Mike Vrabel is all in on Diggs saying, yeah, just trying to make sure we're supporting Drake and supporting the football team. And again, this is a highly competitive confident receiver that's produced throughout his career in, in multiple ways. Play and style. Yeah. He's gotta play strength to him. And he sees that he can play physical, You know, route craft good run after the catch and have good in the red zone. And there's a play, a play style to him that's always appreciated. And that's what we want to continue to enhance and make sure that he's doing things to help us. Are you surprised that he got that length of deal, that kind of deal coming off of acl? No. Ab no. Absolutely not. No, because no, I, I wasn't surprised because they were in need of, of a playmaker of this magnitude.


Even with Stefan Diggs coming off of a CLI understand Ray understands Robert Kraft in the stands And I tweeted it out. I'm not sure if people in the chat and pulled up the tweet that I said right before he even got signed. When he went on the visit. I said something to the, to the likes of one leg, two legs, no legs at all. Make sure he leave that building with the deal. Not only I'm talking about the competitor that he is. Yeah. And the ability for him to be able to get open and manipulate defenses even if he doesn't that even if he doesn't play on the outside, even if he even he plays on the inside, that's a, that's a target that Drake may needs that he can be, he can be relying on during football season.


There's enough time from now with him rehabbing. 'cause I've already seen some drills with Stefan out there working already and I'm seeing how far he is coming so Far. Yeah, I saw him, I saw him squatting, but I was surprised. I thought somebody would make a a prove it deal one year. Oh, okay. Okay. I, You know what I'm saying, don't your one year $15 million with a chance to make 28, 20 5 million. Right. But who knows, we haven't seen the intricacies of this deal. It might be a one year deal. Right. Deal disguised as a three year deal. Right. Because we saw T Higgins deal and basically it's a one year deal. Okay. Right. So, okay. Yeah. I I listen, I I like it though, Lea especially. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure.


Veteran receiver good to me. To me some people would, would, probably won't like it. I think a good locker room presence, especially for the receivers for Drake, may, may being able to converse and learn from digs on, on, on some of the things when it comes to the route running and processing information and understanding what he sees and what he may see and how, how things, You know. Yeah. Right back to the A TV. Rodney Rogers got paralyzed. You remember Rodney Rogers, the Wake Forest great talented player of Denver Nuggets. He got para, he ended up, I think he was at Phoenix at the time, but he ended up getting paralyzed on one. He was a hell of a player. Ocho Rodney Rogers lefthand went to Wake Forest. He might have been Player of the year in the a c looked that up at you.


He was a ocho. I'm talking about the junk. I mean, he was a, I'm talking about he was built like a football player, big and Chad, y'all remember Rodney Rogers? Well, he looked Junior Hall. He looked like Larry Johnson, basically. Oh, he was thinking of he, he was. Oh no, Ocho I'm Talking about grandma. I'm talking about grandma. He was that be, Yes, he was a CC player of the year. Ocho when? The a CC when the Carolina of it. And they were loaded back then. Yeah, he was a, there was another one guy Williams the boxer. He ended up being Sha. Oh, Paul. Oh, You talking about, talking about Paul. Paul Williams. Yeah.


On motorcycle. Hey Paul. Throw, Paul told about Paul threw about 2000 punches around, man. Paul was a Jordan. Watch Paul. He was, shoot, he was a, a big ass well to weight. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Skinny, Big, big, big, big. Hey. Yeah. I like, I like, but I Just, why, I just wish, I wish you guys like Yeah, you, yeah. I just, just, just guys, just be careful, that's all I'm saying, don't you? Yeah, because I, I don't wanna see guys messing their careers. Look, have fun. I I, my mindset was just different. Once I got that money, I said, You know what, I'm gonna make this money as long as I can now once, once my career is over. Because your career gonna be over in the mid thirties anyway. Yeah. I can hop on a motorcycle and dirt bike, but I ain't finna mess no money up.


Right. None. I ain't, I ain't been to give, like you say, you ain't giving none of it back. I ain't giving none of it back because, You know, look, basketball player, baseball players, they don't, no matter what happens, that money guaranteed, we ain't got no guarantee money on you. Yeah. One so dope. 760 million, seven 50 Gary Romet. Yeah. Show Hey Gae Mooky. Yeah. Yeah. But everybody, everybody don't wanna, Hey, everybody don't wanna live like that on, man. Okay. Yeah. Every, everybody's not gonna have that mindset. You know, people want to be, when people want to be free, people wanna enjoy themselves. You know, without, without thinking of the negatives of, of what could happen or what if this happens.


They just, they just wanna enjoy themselves. Especially, You know, at this age, these young, especially in this era we in now, it's just different. There's so many things to do, so many things you can enjoy, You know. But I, I, listen, I totally agree with you. I understand. But I, I, I ra I'd rather them be safe and free or doing things, You know, confined in areas that they shouldn't be doing. Okay. Well if you feel, if you feel that way, like I say, bless their heart, that it what? That ain't, that ain't me. I, I, I don't, we good? Alright. Oh, Joe, we got a very special guest, the director Black Panther, the director of Creed.


He's a recipient of four NAACP Image Award. He's been nominated for two Academy Awards, A Golden Globe. And the Grammy, he's the director, as I mentioned, black Panther and Creed. He has a new movie that's coming out in April called Sin Sinner. Here he is. Ryan Coogler. Ryan, how you doing, bro? I, I'm happy to be with y'all, bro. I I'm be happy that you're with us, Man. I'm feeling good, bro. Like, big, big fans of y'all coming up. I used to play, I used to play football. Not, not as well as y'all, but, but, but big, big fans of y'all there and then, and then watching y'all transition, man, it's been, it is been beautiful, bro. Like, it, it, it, it always warms my heart when I see, when I see athletes prolong that career.


You know what I'm saying? Yes, sir. Yeah. Well, lemme well lemme ask you this, Ryan. Okay. You want, you, like, you played football, did you have professional or collegiate aspirations? Absolutely, bro. Yeah. AB absolutely, bro. I used, I used to play with Marshan Real Okay, bro. Okay. Beef mode. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We from, we from the same neighborhood, so, okay. You know, I played him, played against him and, and Pop Warn high school and college I played at Sacramento State. So, so, so, so, oh, so bro, we both played for the same coach. Man, you remember Coach Steve Moha? Hey, coach Moose. Yeah. Coach Moose. Yeah. Yeah. Coach Moose got me my scholarship at, at Sacramento State. Oh yeah. Look at that for me. Scoring a touchdown on, on, on Davis right there on uc, Davis.


Yeah. Oh, that's Right. Wide receiver ride. I Was, I played slot. I was Yeah. You, I I I, I, I not like y'all bro, but I, I pay for school, You know what I'm saying? I pay for Right, right. You feel me? Yeah. They are. Go. Yep. And that's dope man. And coach, coach Moose is good, man, coach, coach Moose. So, so lemme ask you this, okay. You go to college, you And you have a nice little college career. Yep. When did you decide to say, You know, what film is gonna be the direction that I go in? Yeah, bros. A great question. So, so I, I, I got my first scholarship to a school called St. Mary's College. And it, it, it is known as a basketball school. But we had, we had, we used to have a football team and then they dropped the program after my freshman year.


Okay. And I, I played, I played quite a bit that season. Like I, I, I was returning, I was returning kicks, You know, I was, I was playing, I was playing receiver. I played a little bit of DB that year. And so I got some, some more scholarship offers. But while I was there, it was a woman named Rosemary Graham, who, who taught a creative writing class. And she read something I wrote and she was like, Hey man, you should think about writing screenplays. You know, my girlfriend at the time, she's now my wife, she bought me a little software that I could write screenplays, but I, I fell in love with it, man. So, so by the time I transitioned to Sacramento State, I was doing it on the side, taking, taking classes and, and, and shooting, shooting short films with my homies, You know. And then I applied to film school in 2007.


I it is crazy, bro. 'cause 'cause we was in, I was doing real well going into my senior year. And I, And I, And I got an injury doing seven on seven, where a walk on cat was trying to walk on the team. It was already eager. And he, he caught me on a pulse and broke my zygomatic arch right here. So it was, it was, I was eight weeks off where I couldn't lift. I couldn't do anything. And, And I, and, and during that time I realized like, I need to, I need to put this application in for film school, man football is, is, is, is fleeting. You know what I'm saying? So I, so I applied to USC film school And I, I got accepted. I felt out. I got accepted like in the middle of the season. And, and, and right around that time, man, I started to find myself, my mind wondering when I'll be on the field during thinking about Something Else, I'm think about, I'm thinking about a movie I wanna make.


I'm thinking about being on set. You know, that shit is dangerous when you doing that. It is. You be football, you gotta be all in. And I was kind of locked what going on new. You know what I mean? Right. That, that, that's dope, man. I, I wanna talk. Listen, I'm, I'm a movie head. I, I I enjoy films. I enjoy the arts and the crafts of it. I, I I enjoy getting lost in character. I get very passionate when I, when I talk about stuff like this. So I walk the trailer for sentence. And, and to me it seemed like a unique blend of, of, of supernatural action. You know, mystery and, and psychological theory. How did you approach this genre and, and, and in, in bending concept? And what was it about this story that made you want to tell it? Man, that's a beautiful question, man.


So, so, so I had an uncle who was from Mississippi, You know, I'm from Oakland. Yeah. But I had an uncle who was from Mississippi, and he was like the oldest member of my family, oldest male member of my family. You know what I'm saying? So I, whenever I kicked it with him, he wanted listen to All Bulls records and Drake, all type of whiskey, You know what I'm saying? And, and, and he passed away while I was working on Creed in 2015. And I never really, really reckoned with, with, with his passion, You know what I'm saying? I, I, I would, I would put Blues records on to think about him. And that was how I got the idea for this man. Like, like, Like, You know, coming off a, coming off of Black Panther was a real long movie that, that would kind of, everyone, we, we dealt a lot of tragedies, a lot of, a lot of misfortune dealing with the covid situation.


Yes, sir. So for me, I wanted to make something that was quick, but also something I was, that was very much very unique, very profound, You know what I'm saying? Like, like in, in, And I wanted to, to, to play in a, in, in a genre rock, incorporate music. But I also wanted to make something that was a little bit, that was a little scary man, because, You know, black folks, we like that. You know what I mean? We like and talking at the screen, You know what I'm saying? I I think that something that get her here down. Exactly, Bro. Don't throw it down. Exactly. You know, And I think, I think we asked some incredible filmmakers that, that have capitalized on the media, You know what I'm saying? Like, I, You know, think, think of Jordan, Jordan Peele. Yeah. But, but get out. Yeah. Yeah. But Spice Spice done his thing in that, in that, in that genre near deas and everything in that genre.


Yeah. You know, so I was fired up about it, bro. And, and, and, You know, truthfully, bro, like it was a chance for me being a product of the Greg migration, You know what I'm saying? Gimme from being born and raised on the west coast to, to get back to the south and, and, and, and embrace that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Embrace that part of my ancestry, You know what I mean? Like, like I had, I had the, I had the most amazing time making this movie, bro. That's dope. How, how, how long, how long? I'm just curious, how long does it take to make making a movie in general? I'm not, I don't mean this one in, in, in, in specifically, but I'm just saying in general. Well, what, what's the timetable like? That's a great question. So, so this one we made relatively quickly, but, but they, they, they go from, it can go from anywhere from two to four years, You know, this one able to make in one year.


Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it, it is essentially, bro, it's essentially like a imagine imagine a season, season and a high in football, You know what I mean? 'cause it takes you six months to shoot, six months to a year to shoot it, and then you have to edit it. It takes you another six months to A year to edit it. Correct. Yeah. Man. And, and that's not including writing the script because I, I write the script too. Right. You know. Okay. Sometimes you gotta shop the movie around, You know what I'm saying? Right, right. You know, so I can tell you how long my movies all took. So this is my fifth movie that I wrote and directed. Okay. Fruitville, it took Fruitville Station. Classic. Classic Man. Right on. That's crazy. I say that, man. But it, it took me, it took me about a year to make that one. Okay.


You know, Cree, we shot that. We still, so Cree, we Cree was about a year and a half, You know, like, like, and a half of that year was just trying to convince Stallone that, that it, that it was worth doing. You know what I mean? Right, right. Rightfully sold, You know what I mean? He, he was, he was, he wanted to make sure that we was, we were serious about it and, and, and make sure it worked, it worked for him. And, and then we shot in January, we put the film out in like November. That was a fast one. Black Panther took about two years, started working on that in 2016, put it on in 2018, black, You know, confer was like a, was like a four year movie, You know what I'm saying? Wow. Because I wrote, I wrote one script, You know what I'm saying? Chadwick passed away. I didn't know, You know, I didn't even know he was sick. So I didn't have to rewrite that. You know, we got going, the pandemic slowed down quite a bit.


And then, You know, my, my lovely actress got injured, so we had to shut down for a little bit, You know what I mean? Right. And we put that one out. So, so I, I, I wanted to make something fast after that, after that, You know, four years on, on, on one movie, you feel me? Right. But I was blessed man to, to, to be able to make something that, that I'm so proud of, man. Like, super, You know? Yeah. Really proud of this man. I can't wait to show it to y'all, man. I think y'all gonna dig it, man. Listen, I'm, I, I know I'm gonna dig it. When you walk the trailer, for me, when it comes to anything that you do, whether you're an athlete, you have to be a special athlete that puts butts in the seats. When you're a comedian, you have to be a comedian that has stage presence to always keep the cr the crowd engaged when I walked the trailer. And it, and it catches you when it catches you right away.


I don't know who did the a And I don't know who did the trailer, but I'm telling you right away, it catches you and it keeps you and it holds you. And then it's like, it's an appetizer, but it ain't enough. It ain't enough. Because I want to, I want to see what's next. So now I can't wait to see it. And, and just, I, I'm, I'm very passionate and enthusiastic when it comes to movies, bro. I've been a fan of yours for a long time. All your work, everything you've done, that's why I can't shut up right now. I'm gonna tell you. So I'm gonna tell you something crazy. Yo, yo, for real, bro. I'm gonna tell you something crazy. We met before, bro, for real. We, we met at the, at the, at the Tribeca Film Festival. It was the first floor festival. I already got into Spike the movie called Kobe Doing Work.


And ES ESPN has the world premiere of it, bro. And I, And I, And I, And I saw you in there And I went over there and shook your hand, bro. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Just, just on the strength, You know, just being a fan of, of what you do on the football field, bro. I was, I was sir, shooting in the game, bro. You know what I'm saying? Like what y'all, what y'all was doing, bro over there, Cincinnati, man. When it was, when it, it was when it was, when it was you and, and TJ and boys, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Hey, like, like, like, like, just, just how, just just the, the, the, the precision of the route running, bro. The confidence, You know, You know what I'm saying? Both of y'all had that. Both of y'all had the mental game too, bro. I remember, I remember, I remember Shannon bro. And you used to be micd up fool, bro. You know, I'm, Hey, appreciate, I appreciate Fool.


Appreciate that. I appreciate that. Appreciate, Hey, study your movie, a lot of your movies. You got Michael B. Jordan. Now Michael B. Jordan in this role, he plays a dual role. He's stacking because I'm like, I like hold on hip that look like this, this look like Michael B. Jordan playing both of these more for, I said, come on now. Hold on. So I had to rewind and look even close. I said it's, yeah. So what is it about Mike that you love casting him in your movies? If I'm not mistaken, he was in proof mail. He was in Proof mail too. Real Station. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Even, even in all of 'em. Look, bro, like, like what, what you'll find it's chemistry, man. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's a, it's a head coach and a quarterback. It's a quarterback and the receiver, You know, like, like you get, you, you develop a shorthand where, where you save time, You know what I'm saying?


You establish a tone for the rest, for the, for, for the rest of the, of the crew. And, and, And we not the first ones to do it, man. Usually when you see, when you see filmmakers work, they usually had like Spike and Zel. Oh yeah, man. I mean, big time Spike and Denzel, Tony, Scott, and Denzel. Yep. You know, Scorsese had a, had a, had a thing with, with De Niro DiCaprio. You rekindled the Leo. Right. You know, it's, it's a, it, it, it's, it, it's, it's hopeful, man. And, and, and, and Mike has a, You know, Mike, Mike has a, has has a very, a magazine work ethic. You know what I'm saying? Like, he, he's always willing to go, always trying to push himself. He doesn't wanna wrestle on his laurels. You know what I'm, And I, And I, And I can rock with that, bro. So, so I, You know, I'll put him in, I'll put him in every movie if I can.


I always, he'll always have a, he'll always have a role if I'm, if I'm working, You know what I mean? And lemme ask you this, right? How did you, how did you come up with the name Sinners? Why the name Sinners? Man, that's a great question, bro. We, we, we found that Late Man, like if, for a long time that movie was just called Grilled Cheese. It was a working, working title. Yeah. Like, like, so if you pull up in Louis in Louisiana, You know, this past summer and said, Hey man, we're grilled cheese shooting at, they would've brought you, they would've brought you to our movie. Okay. You know, and, and, and, and the story behind that name was, I had been cooking these long, these long drawing all crazy meals. I wanted to make something quick and fast I knew would taste good. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. So that's how we came up with that. But for, but for Sinners, You know, it was a collaboration between us and the studio trying to figure out the, the right, the right name for the movie.


And, And we realized that, that, that that line, You know, at that word was said so many times throughout the script, You know, it deals with blues music and this relationship with the church, You know, like a lot of times the the best blues singers will, will, will come from Gospel. You know what I'm saying? You know, learn that, that, You know, a lot of times that daddy was pastors, You know what I mean? And, and they, and they singing, they singing music about drinking and bumping and grinding and they conflict with how they was raised. You know what, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that, so that dynamic was one that we were really, that we were really, You know, once we realized like, like that like, like it was like, oh man, that was always a name. It should always been called that, You know, But this movie, but the trust no one, because this movie has a lot to do with paranoia.


Absolutely, bro. Like, I, I mean, look, it's, it's, it's, You know, it's dealing with, it's dealing with black culture, You know what I'm saying? And, and, and, and a lot of folks don't know that, like, that, that I, You know, I would argue that blues music is the most important contribution that America has made to, to global pop culture. You know what I'm saying? Everything originated off the blue. Everything comes from that. And, and, And you do. And when you do the research, it really came from this one specific area of Mississippi. You know what I mean? Like, like, like in, in, in, in, at that time when, when Bulls was created, it was very hard. It was a very hard place to be black. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And, and, and people were trying to, people were trying to affirm their humanity, affirm their dignity at a time when, when, when, when it was, You know, when it was, when it was very difficult and people were trying to keep 'em separate.


Right. You know what I mean? And if, if, if, for me, that experience kind of breeds a, a level of paranoia, You know what I mean? When you can't, when you can't be out after, after the dark in certain towns where you gotta, You know, where you, where, You know, where everybody knows everybody when somebody new shows up, You know what I'm saying? Or somebody who's been gone a long time, You know, it's a little, it's a little bit, You know, you might look at 'em a certain way, You know, I mean, how did y'all come up, man? Did y'all come from places where everybody knew? Everybody? You could tell an all started, I'm from a, I'm from a small town. They was, there were 3,500 people with two traffic lights. Yeah. Listen, I mean, we pretty much, we pretty much knew everybody. Now, obviously there were people that were, would come back from New York or Chicago or Detroit that I wasn't familiar with, but I knew their family.


And after a while they end up staying. So we were cool, we were cool with them. Also, you said something very interesting because everybody talks about the Mississippi Delta, the Delta Blues. Yes, sir. And This film, this film deals with a lot of brotherhoodhood loyalty fate. Yes, sir. You, you did a great job of, of, of working in and, and, and, and, and putting all that together. And it came together from the trailer, from what I saw. I'm gonna go, I haven't been to the movie. I haven't been to the movie since the pandemic. I'm gonna go check this one out. Alright. I'm interested to see how you tie this thing all together. Now I saw the too minute trailer, but I wanna see you tie this thing together for 90 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean, I mean, we, we, I'm proud of it, man. And like, like, look, look, another reason I think you going, you going to dig it, man, is your relationship with y'all brother Sterling, bro.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, whenever I hear y'all, whenever I hear y'all talk, I gotta imagine in y'all neighborhood y'all was knowing, You know what I mean? Like, You know, like in, in, in that, so these twins, You know, it, it, it's Stack and smoke. Yeah. Smoke and stack. It's an archetype. Right? Like every neighborhood, always, I already been there, had a set of twins that everybody knew that was kind of notorious, You know what I, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And we, And we, And we planned on that, that, You know, that, that, that relationship between the brothers man, what makes them similar, what makes them different? You know, I think Mike just did a beautiful job with it. Man, I think you really gonna enjoy it. Anybody who, who got that type of relationship, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Got a big brother, got a little, little brother, You know, gonna really feel this movie, I think on a different level. I like it. I got, I got one more question, man.


After creating something like this, something that's so bold, so different and, You know, you're pushing boundaries, You know, with, with, with most of your work and, and your craft. And, and again, I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna harp on it. 'cause I've never had a chance to actually tell you. Now I do. I'm gonna make sure I let You know, I'm a huge fan of everything you've done, and I'm really, I'm really, really excited for this. But do you see yourself continue to push boundaries with more genre films? Or, or, or just, I don't wanna be too nosy, but what's next? I, we got another creed coming. If we, if you do got another creed coming, I wanna shoot my shot real quick. Oh, we did. I could be, I could be like the final boss. Yeah. We got another CRE coming for sure. Oh, let me, let me let go. Mike's going, Mike's gonna direct that.


So, so yeah. Like, like, You know. Absolutely, bro. Like, I think, I think we love to make something happen for you. And, and, but the, the other, the other piece for me is like, You know, I, I wanna work a long time, bro. Like, yeah. I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna make all types of stuff, man. And I, I do love working in the genre space. This is my first, this was my first like, movie with all out horror elements. And b bro tell you, it is very addictive. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Right. Like, like the, the idea, the idea of doing something else that, that, that, that isn't this much fun. It kind of frightens me a little bit, man. Like, You know, so, so, so, but we'll see man. We'll, we'll put this out to the world and, and how people respond and then we'll go from there.


But I'm, but I'm definitely, I'm definitely not closing the door on doing more genre work. Sure, man. It was, it was just, it was just too much fun. Which Oh, for real. Right, right. Everybody loves a challenge, right?


What if we challenged ourselves to grow our savings by the end of the year? If you stop for coffee every day on your way to work, why not put the same amount into your savings account when you open the chime checking account, you are one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees and fee free. Overdraft up to $200. Making progress has never been easier. And if you want access to your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 with no mandatory fees or interest. Learn more@chime.com slash Nightcap. When my kids were in college, they seemed to be overdraft their account at least once a month. My daughter would overdraft her account. By the end of the day, they would be embarrassed because they know how I felt about financial responsibilities. And the fees were ridiculous, but mostly because they were embarrassed. Join millions of CHIME members who are working on financial progress. Again, no monthly fees or maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, up to $500 of your pay before payday with no fees, no interest. And Chime offers 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open your account in two minutes at chime.com/nightcap. That's chime.com/nightcap. Chime feels like Progress Banking services and debit card provided by the Bank Corp. Bank NA or Stride Bank, NA members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply fees. Apply it out of network ATMs. myPay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range. $20 to $500 a $2 fee applies to get funds instantly. Chime checking account required. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


This is Ashley Ned from the Ben and Ashley, I almost same as podcast. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the Murano's massaging leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who has ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about Rent Rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 33.


Yeah, but You know what Ryan, when I look at it And I think about like you did Fruit Veil, you've done Creed, you've done Black Panther. Now you in this genre, it's kinda like Spike. 'cause Spike has kind of been all over the place. Yeah, he's done Malcolm X, he's done Hurricane, he did Devil in Blue Dress. He's did Harlem Blues. He is done inside, man. He's done. I think, man, I think he did Man On. No, that was, that was a Paid at 25th hour. 25th hour. Yeah. So he's kind of been if, if that kind of direction, like, look, I don't want y'all pigeon pigeonhole me in there and saying, oh, he only done if this a comedy. This is rhyme if it's something to do with Marvel or or Black Panther, it's gotta be rhyme. You wanna be like multifaceted.


You don't wanna be tied down or pigeonholed or type cast for any particular type of movie. Right? That's absolutely correct. Man, spike Spikes a big, big hero of mine, man. A mentor, You know, same with, same with John Singleton. You know what I'm saying? Yep. Big, big hero mentor. And then stepping outside of our, our, You know, our community. I love for America's like Steven Soderberg, You know what I'm saying? Where you never know. You never know what they gonna do next. Right? But you, but you gotta, you gotta, You know, it's gonna be quality. You know what I'm, You know what I'm saying? Like, like, like if, if, And I do definitely wanna continue to push myself, but also push the medium forward, man. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's, it's, it's a blessing to be able to, to to, to work in the space where you get to work on things that are fresh, work on things that haven't been done before.


You know, for instance, with this film, You know, this is the first time that that, that a IMAX camera has been combined with a, with a ultra ParaVision lens. So it's the same, it's the same camera work, same camera package that was used on Quin Tarantino's film. The Hateful eight. Yeah. Oh, that was great. Yeah. Yeah. That was good. You combine that, that was good with the traditional IMAX film camera. First time ever, You know what I'm saying? So, so, so getting a, getting a chance to break new ground and do that with, with, You know, with people of color on the screen, You know what I mean? And a, and a story set in the Mississippi Delta. But it's, it is a great honor to be able to do something like that. You know what, You know what I mean? And, and, and, and it helps me to, to be motivated to stay sharp, You know, I'm getting to work with people who I've been working with for a long time and it's just amazing.


Yeah. That's, that's dope. I don't want, I don't wanna be too presumptuous of, of this, but I saw something and it seems like, I forget the two brothers, but it's two Brothers Ocho and one of them might be cast. I wanna throw my hat in for Charla, You know, I wanna throw my hat in. I'm just throw Hold on man. Hold on. What you doing? Hold on. Hey, hey, I wanna throw my hat in Me. Hey man. Get it in there. Hey. Hey man. We can talk about it, man. Hey, How you gonna, how you gonna take my, can I get my role first and Creed? Oh, Okay. Okay. Oh, you okay. You wanna be one of the fighters that Creed fight? Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. Yeah, You, I got an extensive background in combat sports, so it would be perfect to be able to transition.


So I ain't really gotta play no character. I could just be myself. Hey. Popping that thing as Ocho, huh? I, I feel Yeah, all this Hoge, that's the name Hoge. Oh, oh, art Hoge. Oh yeah, yeah. I mean he, Hey, they had him, they had him already in the uniform. I was like, okay. Yeah, he definitely could, he could definitely pass for To, yeah, he could. He could. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, all that shot. Big shout off the artist, man. He incredible. You know, he made watches too, bro. Does he Straight up, straight up know how to make watches, bro. Right. Wow. Like a, like a, like a, like a genius bro. You know what I'm saying? Ryan, were you, were you a, were you as a kid, were you in the comics? Were you a superhero fan? Yeah, big time. I had an older cousin, You know, I'm the artist of three boys, so I didn't have no big brothers always been looking for one, You know what I'm saying?


So I had, I had an older cousin who was, who was, who was seven years older than me, who was a big comic head. And I, I got into him just, just 'cause he, I thought he was cool, you feel me? So I, right. So that was when I started reading him. But I, I, I did, I did all these reading. Like, I, I took a break from a little bit when I, when I got serious about sports, right. But we used to watch the cartoons, what have you, but it wasn't, You know, it was, it was all school and, and, and ball for Like, You know, from, I would say from like, from like eighth grad, like ninth grade maybe to, to, to, to my senior year college. And I went back to film school. I got back into 'em, You know what I mean? Do you collect them? Man, that's a great question, bro. I, I honestly, I, I, I, I do, I do, man. Like, but not, but not, but not actively, bro.


Like, like what happens Hell is, is like, I'll go to Comic Con for work. Okay. And I, and I'll go, they got, they got a, they got basically a, a, a floor. You know where you can, where you can go, where you can go buy anything? Trade, Trade, Buy sale. Yeah. I, I'll go in there, hit the floor and co one or something, You know what I mean? But it's been a while since I've been in the comic book story, man. I'm not, I'm not gonna hold you. Gimme your top five superheroes. Woo. Shit. Alright. Alright. I'm gonna go fast. I'm, I'm not, I'm not overthinking. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go to, I'm gonna go to Charlie number one. Okay. And then I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go Wolverine. Okay. Number two, can I put villains in it?


You can, Yeah. Yeah. I got, I got, I got Magneto number three. You got who? Magneto. Magneto? Yeah. Yeah. I got, I got, I got Mag, I got Magneto number three. I got, alright, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go deep cut. I'm gonna go deep Cut. Ro ro sar from, from Watchman. Okay. I know Wa R Shark. R Shark. Okay. Watch me. And then, and then I'm, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go Rogue. Okay. Rogue. That's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. Rogue is Gas Rogue. Like, like the, the, the, the, You know, You know, You know, You know, take her glove off touch, touch you, touch your power.


Knock you all. I mean that's, that's, yeah. Yeah. That, that's pretty, that's pretty solid. I'm surprised you really didn't go with a lot of the old like, like Superman. Batman, Batman Ain't no superhero. Batman ain got, he can't do Ish without that bat, Bro. Bro. Bat Batman. Batman. Batman was a dog for me though, bro. Like, like the fact that I'm saying is what I saying Batman is crazy. 'cause because because that, that, that was, that was, that was man, that was, that was the one for us. 'cause they had the, they had the, they had the animated series. Yeah. And, And we used to mainline And I had a homie from Fresno who played db incredible defensive back. He a coach now, man, me and him during fall camp, bro. We, we went half on the, on the, on the DVD pack. And during them double days, we, we would ride back to his girl house and watch watched the movies between those days.


Bro, bro, she'll make a, she'll make a little, she'll make a little fool for us, bro. We on the couch, bro. Take taking it, taking it back to eighth grade with it. You know, that's The, that's live. That's live. So let Black Panther three. How long we gotta wait No long. Yeah, no long. I mean, there's been a lot of rumors circulating that Denzel gonna be in it. Yeah. I, I don't know. That's what, that's what the word in the street, You know, I'm just, I have a head down. I Need word Talking. Yeah, yeah. Street talking. Yeah. We, I, I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm been dying to work with Denzel man. And, And I, I'm hoping we can make that happen. But, but, but I, I got, I got every intention on working with him in that, in that movie.


And, and, and he, as long as, as long as, as long as he interested, man, we, we, it is gonna happen. Wow. But, but, but You know, he, he a he a living legend man. And, and, and hey, he is, and a great, and a great mentor for so many of us. You know, like, like he just, he just, he all about, he all about looking out for us now, man. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and, You know, wasn't wasn't an example bro, for how to, how to, how, how to, how to live man. He got his family around him. His, You know, his his his children. Yeah, man. Like Everybody. Paul Letter been with Paul Letter for 40 plus years. Oh. John, David, John, David used to train with me in Atlanta. I had retired, but he was down at Morehouse and the trainer that trained me, bring him to the track.


We, You know, You know, tell him how to do certain things. Yeah. So I I, I've known that family for 20, that was in, I retired so like 20 plus years. Yeah. Yeah. So, and Denzel is great. His Yeah, his wife Pauletta. Yeah. John David. Man, they, they, they're unbelievable, unbelievable People. A ar r rc. I just, I just seen Denzel. I wasn't able to actually, I, they were, I was able to let him know I was there, but he wasn't taking no visitors. It didn't matter. It didn't matter who you were. Yeah. I was able to see him last week in New York. I went to see Othello. Yeah. Yeah. He, he don't play play when On Broadway, bro. No, no, no, no. When he on Broadway, he in a different genre, bro. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How was it play? Oh man. Beautiful, beautiful. Listen, I, I didn't check it out.


Yeah, I, I, I took drama. I took drama in high school, so that's why I still have a, a love for, for drama in the arts and theater and, and dance. So I, I really, really, that Excuse me. Huh? Come on, UNC. Man. Stop playing. Right? Hey, listen, you already know because you can, Hey, unc, you can hear me talk when I talk about certain things you already know. It's something I really like now. Hey, why? Hey, why you, why you, hey, why you, why you called Bush when he said dance start. That was when he, that was when he got up in there on you. Hold on. This, this how, this how, You know, I love dance too. Mind you, mind you, rc I did, I did The river dance. I did ballet when I was playing. Yeah. I just left, I just left New Orleans last week.


I went to see Alvin Elli man for the, the umpteen times since 1988 when my grandma took me to go see him in 88 at the Gusman Theater. I love it, bro. On, huh? Hey, uncle on, huh? Hey. No, I'm go, I wanna go see him. I'm gonna see him. I haven't been to a whole lot of Broadway. I saw, I saw Samuel Jackson when he played Dr. King. Okay. I might not get there. Yeah. Broadway is d is different. Yeah, it is. It's so different than going to the, it it's so different than going to an actual movie. Yeah. I don't know if it, You know what I'm saying?


Don't joke. I mean, you, like, you, you just went to a But to sit there and to see, I'm like, damn, this is amazing. Yeah, Yeah. It's no joke, bro. It, it, it's, it's a true actor's medium, You know what I'm saying? Yes. Like, like, like, whereas in, whereas in film, You know, like, like it is arguably a filmmaker's medium. They said television is a writer's medium. Like, like, like that, that stage is that actor's medium, bro. They got nothing to save them. You know what I'm saying? Nothing. They just, they just, they just up there. You know what I mean? It's, no, you can't in, You know what I'm saying? Like, I, it's just, it's just, I I I love you, bro. And that's what Denzel says. Denzel says he's a, he's a, a, a, a, a a, a theatrical actor that went to the, and screamed say he cut his teeth on Broadway.


Yeah. Yeah. And he takes that, he says some people are stage and they come to Broadway I was Broadway that went to the, went to the screen. It's, it's interesting too, bro. 'cause because like, 'cause like what a lot of people don't, what a lot of people don't understand too is like, it's like, it is like the culture of, of Broadway, You know, like, like very similar to, You know, very similar to basketball, right? Like if you, if you, if you, if You know, like basketball is very culturally ingrained in the United States. So much so that if you go professional, if you go watch a professional basketball game anywhere in the world, most of the players is gonna be from the States. You know what I'm saying? If you go overseas to, to Italy and watch a game there or overseas in Germany, You know what I'm saying? Like, you'll, you'll, you'll see a lot of players here and, and with that stage work, You know, it, it's so culturally ingrained in the uk You know what, You know what I mean?


Like, it's, it's, it's a part of that culture. They, they, they, they about the stage, right? The way we are about basketball here, You know what I'm, You know what I'm saying? It's, it's in every school, it's in every, You know, so you see, so you'll see these British actors getting shipped all over the place, man, they, they ain't on every roll, You know what I mean? They ain't on every, on every, You know, You know, white, white British actors, black British actors, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And, and, and, and for, for me coming up, bro, the first time I hit, I hit the Broadway play. And really, and really seeing and really seeing it, seeing somebody get down, You know what I mean? Yeah. It was, it was, it was Like, You know, like, like I, I, I, I damn near wish I had been exposed to it earlier, bro.


You know what I'm saying? So I might, I might have been, I might have been doing that, You know what I mean? Right. Well hey, even if I just get a Campo, I could be, I could be on Bo's brother. Oh, we got you bro. Hey, hey. If y'all with man. Hey. Huh? Hey, Hey boy. I can be A Boku brother. Something. Put your boy in there. I'm coming down there. I'm coming, I'm coming with it, Ryan. I coming with it. Hey, hey. I'm, I'm with it, man. Y'all, y'all, man. I'm with it, man. Y y y'all, y'all, y'all got, y'all got such, y'all got such great chemistry, man. When I, when I, when I, when I watch y'all, bro? Yeah, it, it's evident man. It's evident. I appreciate that sin. Yes sir. Arrive in theaters April 18th, directed by, written by Ryan Coogler.


He rid such fruit, bell Station, black Panther, Wakanda Forever, creed. And now he's with this one Sinners arrives in theater April 18th. Ryan, thank you for giving us a little bit of your time. Thank you for the trailer. We gonna support you. Hey, chat. Make sure we go out here and support our brother Ryan Coogler. Hey, he's doing big things for the community. He doing big thing for the culture. Yes, sir. And we gotta make sure we keep him up. We gonna lift him up And we gonna keep him up there. Ryan, sir, thank you so much for your time. Appreciate it. Hey, I'll see you down the road, Man. I appreciate y'all man. Thank y'all, Ryan. Thank you boss man. Appreciate you, bro. Yes, sir. Oh, yo. We gonna get in the movie, don't y'all.


Hey, hey, hey, We, hey. We gonna be famous, Famous Brother. Y'all off the chain man. Y'all take care. Alright boss. Appreciate It. Oh man, that was alright. Hey, hey, Hey you. Hey you, you ain't, you ain't know I, I took ballet. You know, I some drama in high school And you understand. Now you Hold on, hold on. This is, this is why, this is why I'm, I'm so into it is I needed to be eligible to play football.


So You know how you just be taking classes? Yes. And you really ain't got no business taking. Yeah. So I took, I took drama just to be eligible to play because I needed the credits. I end up like, hey listen, I end up liking the damn class. And now even to this day, still to this day, anytime Broadway plays come to the Agent R Center down here in Miami, I'm there. I listen, I haven't missed nothing from Chicago, the Moulin Rouge, the Wicked, the Cats. I done seen it all. The Lion King. Oh man, I, I love that man. But I need to, I need to, I need to, I need to go see Denzel. Hey you, you'll love it. I'm not sure when you in New York again. Sure. What it's, And I might just go, it just might go on my own.


Yeah, you, you, you, you gotta go. You gonna love it. You gonna love it. But it was great, man. Ryan was unbelievable. You know, we communicate a little bit. He's been wanting to come on. He said, man, I didn't wanna come on. He said, give me on something. You know, I come on Club Sheha, I'll come on Nightcap. I just wanna, Hey, I just wanna chill. He said, man, I love what you do. I love you and Ocho man, y'all a, I love how you and him play off each other. Yeah. And so I was like, Hey, we gonna, And I, I was glad we were able to get this and to make this, make this work. I actually met the guy that plays when Boku and the Hub and Black Panther. I actually met him at the, where I go get my nails or Salon Republic in, in, in la.


I actually met him at the, at the get in his car, took a picture with him and everything. He, he a cool dude. OCHO 464 pound D Tackle Desmond Watson could be the largest draft pick in NFL history. His weight comes with a massive six foot, six inch frame. Watson had his pro day workout. He benched 2 25 36 times. That's more than any player mustard that this year's combine. And he ran the 40 in under six seconds. A 5 9 3. And he had a 25 inch vertical. Aren Gibson? No, Aren Gibson only weigh 4 0 5 from Wisconsin.


Hold on. Hold on The Detroit. Hold on. Hey, can, can you do me a favor real quick? Huh? Yes for me because I, I can see I can't visually see him. Yeah. So I'm listening to the numbers you're giving me. Is he bigger than Sam Adams? Yeah. Is he, Is he bigger than, is he bigger than what Sam Adams was? Or bigger than Gilbert Brown? Yeah. Hell yeah. He outweighed him damn near about a hundred. What he 4 64 ocho. Well what you think Gilbert Brown? What? What you think Gilbert Brown Was like 365? Three 70 at the top. Okay, Well Kenny, can he Kenny, he move, He ran 5 9 3. I mean move in the position that he actually plays.


He, Hey, think about it. He'll DT tackle, he ain't going before. A gap to B Gap. Oh. He claw, he clogging us face. That's it. Okay. Okay. Hey, hey. Somebody in the a c East needed to drive. I mean the NFC East stopped the, the, the OSH push put his as over the center said Look here, you got the guard. You got the guard in the, in the center. Listen, Cincinnati, Listen Cincinnati, Cincinnati, we need help on defense. And obviously we could start at the defensive. We could start right there on that defensive line. Yeah. Bring him on down there. Clog that, clog that thing up. If I'm not mistaken, I think at one point in time he was almost 500 pounds. Wasn't he, did he lose, did he lose like 40, 50 pounds there? Desmond Watson, I think, I think I heard him talking about that.


He was like almost 500, like really close to 500 at one point in time. Oh. They go, Hey listen, depending on where you go, they gonna get that weight up off of him. They gonna get some of that up off of him. Hey, at some point, hey Ocho, I mean you might get him down. You ain't getting him under 400. Yeah. I mean listen, Put him on that zip. Yeah. Get him a little, You put him on that zip. That's the only way he gonna get up on it. Hey Ozzy, semaglutide Eptide, that's our a that a and at 4 64 A now I see the a, he can't, he can't play the league if he tried this diet because I've seen somebody over 400 pounds and they got tried this diet and they was under 200 crack and a all boy.


He about 14. That pipe had it drawn up. He was under 200 by 1 75. Hey man, you shout out man. Be honest with you. But I hope, I hope old boy, I hope O boy get an opportunity to play. I think somebody go, I think somebody gonna give him an opportunity. Yeah, yeah. Listen, turn Name. Hey man, we don't, we cutting the name on everything. Hey man, he on that Zippit. Hey, I, I just listen. I love, I love the number. I hear the numbers. It sounds, it sounds, You know, staggering. It sounds intimidating, but I need to see what you look like when you turn the film on. Are you, are you destructive?


Yeah. You know Ocho, LSU offensive tackle Will Campbell has something to say about people scrutinized. They call him T-Rex for two years, nobody had any measurements on me and nobody said anything about my play. So now all of a sudden arm lengths decided if I'm a good player or not. I think it's B has the mark, drafts have them going somewhere between and number 10 to the Barry for number 11 to the 49 ERs. Listen, I don't don't listen to that stuff And I hope he doesn't young boy. Don't worry, don't worry about that stuff, man. Listen, they, they will nitpick at everything and find issues with small hands, small shoulders, I mean small feet. I mean it really had nothing to do with the game of football.


When you turn the film on, what are you doing with those T-Rex arms? Yeah. Of your, that's all that matter. And that, that, that's, that's all that matter. Come on. When you turn the film on, what are you doing? That's, Hey, he's, he's good. He going early. He gonna be off the board. He gonna be a, he gonna be a great player. Yeah. For somebody man. He gonna be a great player for somebody. Don't you check this out. Granny said dump your little basketball game po your watch this video. What Is that?


The game going? What was that? Walking across the court? That's granny, granny had to get to the other side. Granny said, I ain't walking around. No, that's too far. I'm walking right Through. Look at Granny. Hey listen, this is visual representation of I don't give a, You know what? Yeah, I don't give a damn. I'm, I'm walking right through. She ain't got, she ain't, she ain't got, she don't know no better. Granny ain't speed up or nothing. Hey, that's funny. Hey, that was funny. I ain't know what that was. Wrong across that screen.


That's granny.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Gypsy from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. I great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness.


Oh, Joe. Yo, we gotta talk about this Bishop. What, what, what Marvin Sapp is receiving backlash. He locked the doors of the church until they receive 40 K in donations. Right? Let's take a listen to this ocho. Okay, come on. And they understand the cost that is involved. There's 1000 of you. I said Close them doors, ushers, close the doors. Close the doors. Close the doors. It's a thousand. That's watching online. This is a small seed. If I get a thousand online to give this, if I get a thousand in the sanctuary to give this, that's $40,000 tonight.


Now everyone up here, we've all sold and seeded. But I need everyone standing up here with us, with me to plant a seed of $100. Because again, it costs us sit up here and this is what I need you to do. If you're giving electronically, or even if you're giving tangibly, I'm gonna have y'all come to the altar and give it. 'cause I need to see a thousand people moving. Woo. Bring them baskets. Bring, I want the baskets up here. I wanna see the folk. Y'all start moving. Y'all can bring in right now. Come, come, come, come, come. A thousand people need to give $20. A thousand people need to give $20. A thousand people online. He'd give $20. This is easy Saints. Hey, well that's always been the church.


That's always been the church. But See, they used to chief faith out. That's Always been the church. I I I grew up in a church. You know that offering play that come around about you three time now They said, but the Lord said give what you can. He didn't put no, he didn't put no number on it. Oh no, no he didn't. He didn't. He say when you tithe 10, 10%, 10% of your earn now yes. 10% of your earn. Now you will Say, Malachi, I think it's through Malachi three, eight through 11. He said, come on now, my man robbed God. He answers the question because he already know what you're gonna do, sir. He say, yes sir. He said, where would I rob you? He said, in tithe ain't an offering. Oh. He said, bring your tithe to the storehouse And I open up the windows of heaven and pour you out blessings that you will not be able to receive.


That's what he said. Now he ain't tell me, Jack ladies to be coming up here talking about, hey, see what they preaching is prosperity. Yes sir. Yes sir. But see, that's why I'm gonna go into the ministry. Come On Now. You cooking man? Yeah. Don. Yes sir. Oh. Pass the plate around all the plastic collection plate. Now look here. Oh don't you? Hey, don't put no change in the collection plate. God don't like Noah. Yeah, dog. God don't like no noise. Don't like Noise. Hey paper, Listen. I need Go to the back. Listen, listen. Hey, you, You know ma, mama and satin Now the church, the church, the church, the church that's part of the building fund.


Nah, the church need new windows. You Ain't gonna tell church the church you not gonna tell me. And you got build pop part. The part. Oh, he need a role. Oh, he need a, he need a jet. Oh, he need a a roll RoCE. He need a Bentley. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, he Ain't have a better, he ain't gonna have a, if I'm working harder, he ain't gonna have a better car than me. Not that I'm donating to. Yeah. Hey, well, well, one, one thing you gotta understand Now, I I I've never, I've never been in, I've never been in the pulpit. I've never been a preacher. But I do understand the work that come behind it. I do understand the study and the hours in all, all the stuff that they have to go through when it comes to running the church and being a preacher. Now, I'm not gonna sit up here and preach 'cause I'm, that's not me. I am not finna play with the Lord like that.


But in the Bible it says They play with The Lord. Hold on, listen to me. Now, in the Bible it says, God loves a cheerful giver. It doesn't tell you how much you got to give though. Exactly. That's my point. It, that, that, that's it. Now that's the only thing I don't agree with. Now you ain't finna lock them goddamn doors. And I gotta get home and watch the basketball game. 'cause it's March Madness. Talking about something. I gotta give you a thousand dollars now. The devil is a lot. Now you gonna open them doors and I'm gonna give you what you what I can now, that's what's gonna happen. Oh, we gonna have to tussle up here in this church. Yeah. Then God will have to come down there and pull me up off you. He gonna have to, he gonna have to, he gonna have to come, he gonna have to come down, up off his throne because he is the alpha and the omega.


The man sit high and looks low. So he know I'm gonna be tear your tail up in that church And you lock the doors. And I can't get up out of there. But I'm saying, but come on now. Oh, they, they, they, they, Hey, they doing too much Ocho. Hey. Yeah. They doing too much a trip. They a trip. They, they a trip and it's, it's a new church. I didn't Even, oh, I didn't even know, I didn't even know pastors was a job. 'cause every, when I grew up, the pastor, oh yeah, he was the principal. He was a janitor. He cut hair. He wasn't no preacher full time. That wasn't the only job he had. Right. I ain't know. I I swear on you. I did not know that that was a full-time job. Yeah. Said I, maybe it's just me.


Maybe that was just a southern thing. But Yeah, I'm like, Hey man, My pro was a, was was was a teacher at the school or he was the principal or he was the custodian. He was the barber. Yeah. He did other things. He wasn't just, he just didn't preach. Maybe not just, I don't know. Right. Maybe not just me. Hey. But one thing you gotta think, I'm not sure if Marvin SAP has a mega church, but I understand what, what goes into it and what entails when it comes to the overhead for a church of that magnitude with a congregation. Well, stop building the church that big. Yeah. I listen, I don't know. I ain't never been there. I I I ain't never been there. But listen, I, one thing I do, I I love some preaching. Boy, I love some preaching.


Now. You know, grandma had me in a church, You know, Sunday, Wednesday Bible study. I led the choir. You know, I was, I was in the, I was in the junior choir. I was a junior deacon. I did a, I did a little bit. Everything I, I'm gonna need to see where they said that in the Bible. What the what the Oh The hell. It's Not in there. And they locked the doors. Now if that's it's in the Bible. No, it's not in there. That's not in there. You know, they, they, they, they, they rewrite their own story now. Yeah. You know, we, we, we, we, we, we good for that. Well see, we good for that. Just told to show you. Yeah. It used to be Salvation was free, but, but ministers have found a way to charge for salvation. Salvation was free.


But that's a good one. Everywhere, Man. They need to stop. Look, that was, that's a good one. Now. And It's not the fact that it's $20, it's the fact that he's put a number on it. Right. You don't tell somebody what they should give. That's between them and their God. Yes, sir. Not between the preacher trying to get money out your pocket. Yeah. Especially, especially during these times. I give, I ain't got no problem giving. But you don't, he ain't gonna tell me how much to give. That ain't got nothing to do with him. That's between me. Hey, I'm gonna have to answer. No matter what you think of Shannon Sharp. Shannon's gonna have to answer for Shannon. Yeah. You could say one soul.


Your own. Yeah. You trying to tell me what I need to do. I'm would have to give an account for this. I'm gonna have to go before that man and everything. He gonna say, you remember this, you gonna remember. You remember that man. They need to. They, I I, I don't, I don't be like that O Joe. I don't, I don't. Yeah, I listen, I'm listen, I'm, I'm with you when you're right. I'm with you when you're right Now I'm not getting too upset about it because I I've come from the Baptist church. You know, I've been there. I know what it's like. Yes. From a love, from a little, from a little one until I was a senior. I look, I remember sitting on them, them, them, them benches. We had wooden benches. Yeah. You slide too much.


You might get a splint in your butt. Yeah. We didn't have no cushion. We didn't have no cushion. Any seats. The it leaked And I mean, I mean they, they revamped it. Yeah. But it was a, it it was a church And you felt, And you felt the Lord come in there. Now it have got all these fancy things. Lord, I ain't coming by here. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, y Y'all playing. Y'all, y'all playing in my name? Yeah. Now, hey, y'all gonna have the answer for this. Hey, there was some good days. Now you, Now you got, I mean, just you mentioned that video. Just bring back memories at church with grandma in Overtown. You know about Overtown, right? In Miami? Yeah. Mount Oliver Baptist Church. I'll never forget Reverend Clark.


Then as I got, as I got a little older, My first, my first pastor with name was Reverend Clark. For real? Yeah. Now as I as I as I got a little older, You know, Miami, Northwestern, where Teddy Bridgewater just won a national championship. Yeah. I started walking from my grandma house on 44th. 11. I started walking to new birth. 'cause new birth, they, they was at Miami, Northwestern having church there. And I started going to see the honorable Victor t Currys Vic, Victor t Curry, and became a part of that church. And now they over there in open lock off 135th. Everybody that's a part of new birth. I know you might see this Victor t Curry. I hope everything is good. I know. I ain't been to church in a while. I ain't got no suits. But I love you. And I'm doing, I'm doing right Ocho.


But they've been preaching prosperity for the longest time. You remember the televangelists? See Reverend Ike and they had Jimmy Swagger and they had a, and they had, they had, Oh, old Jimmy. What? You know Jimmy? Yeah. Hey. Yeah. Oh. And Jimmy Swag got 'em been talking about Father, I've sin, You know, I'm saying, hey, but, but I'm saying y'all remember Rex Humbard? It was Jimmy Swagger. Rex Humbard. Yeah. Reverend Ike was the first one because Reverend Knight was having you put $5 and send it in for the prayer cloth. I don't know if y'all remember that, but I been before y'all time chap. But I'm old enough to remember. That's one thing about being old. And once you get to a certain age, you realize that's your only purpose left to do is to get old.


Man. He better stop playing with me, man. Hey, Hey them. Hey, that was classic God damn Jimmy Swagger boy. I remember Jimmy Boy. Yeah, man. I say, man, look here. That's funny. Like I said, I look, I give, Lord knows you bless me. And I don't have no, I don't have no problem at all. And not only do I give to the church if, if people in need, yeah. That's me. Hey, I help people in the wildfires. That, that, that happened in California. Yes sir. Shannon. Hey, You know, me and my mom, we, my mom ain't got nowhere to go, Shannon.


Right. I get your, I get your place for a couple of months. It is, Hey, I I, I've never that that's the way my, my, my grandmother would give people her last. I'm like, why you giving that? Hey, my, they ain't got nothing to eat. Hell, we don't either. Right. You know, we, we going be okay. We got some rua baggers and You know, we can make some crackle. No, let them make rua baggers. Right. Give them what we going to eat. And then we can go to the supermarket And we get some hot dogs. But that ain't how married, that ain't how married Porter was.


She say, son, You know, hey, one day God will bless you. Yeah. Hey, listen, she, she, She really, truly Yeah. Believed in that. Right. Hold on. I, I, I believe in that and, and always have, You know, you remember, remember when I used to do, do the tipping? Do the tipping all the time. Yes. And I would put Proverbs search, the generous person will always, I, I, I, I stopped doing it 'cause I kind of got in trouble. 'cause people seeing me do that and give the others. So they complaining. Well, why you not sending more to me if you got extra to give the strangers? I, so I, I just, I stopped doing it all together, You know? So anyway. But I think That's the same, that's the same thing Ocho when we gave to Southern.


Right. Then why did you say, bro? Bro, come on man. Oh yeah, I, yeah, yeah. Man. What, what about a and t? What about this? What about, bro? Yeah. Yeah. So it is, I, I, At first and foremost, Savannah State gets my undivided attention. They first on the list. Right. No matter what. Yeah. Absolutely. And I love HBCUs. I matriculated, yes. And I got a degree from Savannah State. But first and foremost, I'm here sitting in this seat because a lot of people at Savannah Stadium, Hayes Walton, Norman Elmore, Claire Baes, Joyce Macklemore, Joanne Green, Steve Smith, gay Hewitt.


They believed in me. Yeah. They believed in me. So, man, please. But I, I've always been like that Ocho I I, I've always, You know, when I, I got money. I used to go back and, and, and, and tithes and, and, and make sure my grandma ooh, gimme something to put in the church. I give my grandma, You know. Woo. You want me to put all this in church? You thinking you something to put in church. You ain't gotta put it all there. Keep something fat yourself. Now You ain't gotta put it all in there, but you think give you something to put in church. You wanna put it all in there? I, Hey, You know your baby go take care of you, granny. Yes sir. Sir, you go get some more.


But yeah, man, they gotta, man, they got a, they, I just don't like, I just don't like preaching prosperity. I don't, yeah. I'm coming for the word. And so, so now if I don't give you a thousand dollars, I don't give you 50. God ain't gonna bless me. Nah, God said to give me You can. Alright. Hope now it's time for a final segment of the evening. It is time for q. Damn. Well I enjoyed, I I enjoyed the night. But tonight was a good, that was a good, that was go go. Oh, Ragnar Cal four said, oh, you gotta blame JJ for that. JJ wasn't on the court. JJ didn't tell LeBron to gamble.


JJ didn't tell LeBron to turn the ball over. They had a five point lead with 12 seconds. They had a two point lead. They ended up, they ended up being down by one with six seconds. They had a lead with three seconds and the team didn't have a timeout. That ain't on JJ bro. Yeah, LeBron, James, bar, James, Bryce, James Bulls and Fines. Oh, Great Airs. LeBron should focus on winning games instead of picking fights with reporters. He's hurting the team right now. He's hurting his team right now. Well, obviously it wasn't a good look.


I look, I, I, like I said, I I, we don't need to get into it. They, there was a more discussion Steven. They had more to say. I don't care to add anything. I don't have anything to add to it. But I think hopefully both of them decided to leave this alone and move forward. LeBron needs to focus on these last nine games and trying to get the best seed he possibly can for the Lakers. Don't worry about what Stephen a said. Stephen ain't going to talk. That's Stephen a's job. But hey, now let's focus on what we need to focus on. Derrick Jobs said, Hey unc, are you going to first take tomorrow to defend the ghost? I mean, go. No, hell nah. I'm Monday, Tuesday your job if your job, you show up on your day off to work. Jeez, I don't know where to do that.


I don't Monday, Tuesday. Now it's normally an itinerary Like, You know, during the, the fall, Joe, we went to HBCU at the HBC tour. Right. But that was already implemented. I ain't coming on my day off. This is my day off. And plus I already got something on the schedule. They know I already got something booked. Right. Ocho you gonna be mad. Who? You Well what happened? Because I'm going to spar with somebody tomorrow. Like spar, like spar, Spar, You know Spar bop pop, b bop bop bop. Who you going, who you gonna spar with? Don't.


Hey, wait. Oh, you, you, You know who you, who you got? Who you got for Club Shake Shea? It's, it is a fighter. The champ is here. You heard me? Huh? You interviewing a fighter? Yeah. Which one? The champ is here. Which one? He Chap, he the, he the champion at 1 47. Undisputed. Oh. Tell him fight me then I can get down to 1 47 right Now. You heard me?


What you think? Undisputed undisputed champion at 1 47? Yeah. Go. That's all right. We good. I turned that thing over. You see I turned that thing over. Ah, Yeah. Hey you got, Hey, hey, you got hang the phone up man. You got hang the phone And you, you got your hand up? No joke. Now you not Mike. You not Mike. Tyson get you, get your hands up man. Get your hand, get your hands up. Hey, I put that George Foreman. You said George Foreman that quote. Hey. Yeah.


Hey, that was funny. Yeah. The champ is here. The champ is here. I'm gonna turn that thing over, Joe. Yeah. Okay. You gotta keep the, keep the elbow up Now you gotta keep the elbow up on them. Hook. Hey, but I also gotta keep the thing. Hey, because you keep that thing too out there. Bang the ribs. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's why you gotta, you gotta tuck in. You gotta tuck in real comfortable. But a a gotta get a, don't give that square shot. You gotta turn that angle. Put that angle on. I can't give you that full shot down. All, All of say, hey, I'm gonna teach I'ma I'm gonna teach you everything. Everything you talk about, you gonna see me do again. James, Snap that thing off.


George. You wanna bring it back? Yeah. Yeah. I, you gotta gimme a little extension on them things too. Now You know, don't short don't show. Don't shortchange me. Hey, See when I popped, when I popped that jab, that jab like loud. Bam. Yeah, that Thing on there. Yeah. There you go. Okay. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. I like it. That is, yeah, Champ is here. Hey, I got some res gloves too. You know the res Ooh. You can feel your knuckle through them things. But You know I got them. I like when I, when I was, I was doing that mess. I was, You know, doing a little bit of it then my hip got too bad.


That hurt Too bad. Yeah. I had some winning, I had winning practice gloves. Yeah, that's all. That's all I got. I got a bunch of winning stuff. Hey, matter of fact, whoever you interviewing tomorrow. Yeah. Tell 'em I said let's fall at one forty seven. I call, I'm call you. I mean whoever it is, I probably got his number on my phone. I just, I mean you say undisputed at 1 47. I probably already beat him up. Honestly. Real Carter says Stephen ain't Chick-fil-A don't care how much Luke away nigga at the five Tony G said, what's the Steeler ceiling? If they signed Rogers ocho, what's the ceiling?


I mean listen, I don't know what their ceiling is. I have no idea. I know what Roger can do. I know what he did in the past. I know what we saw from him at the Jets. I'm not sure what Rogers are we gonna get, I'll be gonna get the Aren rods that's, that's bought in. I'll be gonna get the Aren Rogers that shows up the mini camp. Or we gonna get the Aren rods that goes on a dark retreat. It all depends on what Aren rods you get. True. Are you bought in? Are you actually bought in? You ain't got the leverage you used to have before nine. Dang. It is a different ball game. They only go as far as he goes. Shit, go ahead. What you gonna say? No, I was gonna say they only go go. They only go as far. Every team is only going as far as the quarterback goes.


You only going as far as your quarterback is invested in how serious he going to take his craft and job.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there is only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


This is Ashley Ike from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with Future Health you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the Murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Oh, what is the likelihood of owners or what is the percentage of owners GS executive that actually listen to the listen and get advice from sports analyst shows and people that talk sports What you think. None if they, I tell you what, if you listen to them, hey, listen to the fans. Pretty soon you'll be a right up there with them. We listen to the GMs and, and, and, and people in that football operations that listen to people that talk pretty soon.


You should right there next to a former general manager of this team. Former former player personnel of this team, right? Jay 2 1 3 said, Hey Ocho, please rank these music videos. MJ thriller, you rock my world. Remember the time And I rock with you for me, thriller, thriller first, remember time, Do you re thriller is definitely first. Yeah. Thriller number one thriller might be the best video of all time. Do you remember the time? That's number two for me. I run rock, you rock my world.


Which is Which? Which is the one with all with Eddie Murphy and all the minute de You remember the time? Okay, Yeah. That, that's, that's definitely number two that I go, You know what I rock my world is three and rock with you. 4 0 9. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy says, bam, Nightcap closing on 2 million subs on Club Shehe. Almost 4 million. That's just not content. That's culture, not just views. That's a vision. Congrat your media weather an accomplishment. Thank you Dr. Frankie. Hey man. Hey Jess. Jess hit it out the park for us, man. She was unbelievable.


Yeah, she was unbelievable. And I, I'm just trying to figure out people talking about Ain't nobody watch Amber Rose didn't realize Rose did on YouTube, did about 4 million views. Andrew shows did about, did about 4 million views for nobody to watch him. Yeah. How Many, how many people that sit down and have conversation with people on YouTube do 4 million views? You can't listen to people. Man, I don't, I don't listen Now you can't listen, I don't like this person. Oh, you gotta come on, you gotta come in the comments to say you ain't gonna watch this video, But you in the comments. I, You know what? Don't y'all, and one more thing. I want two words to be retired in 25.


What's that? Diabolical and messy. Messy, Messy. Because every time Shannon's going to the store, man, You know Shannon so messy, man. Ocho Ocho was talking about that boy, they Shannon so messy. And that's Oh, that's diabolical. Okay. Enough. Yeah. Listen, the only, the only, only messy dog, listen, the only messy I recognize is Maya diabolical. I ain't, I ain't never really heard that Man. That's all. Hey man, man, Ocho talking about totally diabolical bro. I'm Like, I'm like, hold on. Anytime There have been so many people that's had the guests that I've had on and ask them the very same questions that I ask.


Right? Everything is fine. Nothing. I asked question the minute you had. The minute you ask is a Problem. I messy. Oh Man. And, and pause. Well, we paused bro. We used to, Hey Ojo, you remember we used to be able to, oh, Joe, because You know, we talking, we talking And we we talking. Right? And I, I I was like, man, I just, I I just don't get it. But Doc, I thank you very much. It's the look and all the people that's pausing and, and and diabolical and messy. Y'all ain't really supporting no Cho And I anyway.


Y'all just coming and hoping somebody tag along. Y'all want somebody because there are a lot of followers on social media. Ocho Yeah, Yeah. Always. There are a lot of Followers. I think JI think Jess, Jess was unbelievable. Amber was great young Miami was great. Andrew Schultz, I like having different people. If all I had was football players, if all I had was comedians, if all I had was any one group of things, how do you grow, how do you expand the platform? I'm confused. Y'all do realize we're trying to expand. Right? When you go back and look at talk shows that used to be, and they're not remaining now, but when you go back and look at Phil Donahue And you look at Oprah, you look at Ricky Lake And you look at Jenny Jones And you look at all those, they had different people all the time.


Yep. You, you have To have that. That's how you grow. That's how you expand. Yeah, But I think Background, they different backgrounds, different, different ethnicities. Yes. You gotta have, you gotta have that Hey and young man, Hey, hey all back. Man up. Man up, bro. I ain't never asked for nobody. I ain't got nobody. No. We, we just, we have a great time. I go with how they go, Hey, young Miami was flowing. We gonna flow. Right. Amber, rose, Floyd, we gonna flow cash dog, we gonna flow, we gonna flow. Certain people, they wanna keep it strictly, we gonna keep it that. Right. But I think the whole thing is to make people feel comfortable when they come on that they're having a conversation that they open up.


That's it. That's all I'm trying to do. I ain't trying to, Hey, hey man, UNC shooting this shot. No. Okay, ain't shooting no shot. Come on now. I mean, come on. How that gonna look? I'm bringing somebody on there to try to shoot a shot. Right? Hell, I sitting in the DM And I mouth brought him on. That's what, but people think like that's what y'all would do. See, y'all would be, and pretty soon you wouldn't have a talk. You wouldn't have a conversation. You wouldn't have a, a pod. The one thing I won't do is, Barney Porter told me this when a very young age. He said, boy, don't never put your dick in your wallet. And what I told people that people are like, what'd that mean? I said, you'll figure it out.


Don't worry about it. I'm finna write that down right now. D Chassy. Unc Ocho is my wife's birthday today. Can you guys please give Casey a shout out even though we're beefing? I still love her. Thanks guys. Hey, hey Casey. Happy birthday Casey. Put that aside. Dcha just for the back. Hey, like Luther Vandross used. Just say if only for one night, it's your birthday. That's it. Hey, y'all can go back to beef. Be like Tommy and Jerry. Hey, y'all can beef tomorrow, but tonight, put all that aside and do and do right by you, man.


That's all you gotta do. Just give it. Just, just, it's good. I mean, come on now. It, it can't be that bad. You never know. Retired Deputy chef said, what's the one thing you wish you knew about love in your twenties that you understand now? What's more important a partner. Loyalty, peace and passion. Peace, Loyalty, peace, peace. 'cause if you, if she gives me loyalty, I'll be at peace. Man. Peace. I ain't trying to hear that. Oh, you want peace Man. Peace And somebody beat you and somebody beating your walls down while you at peace. Okay Man, she not even with me. That's why I got damn peace. So I don't care who beating them down.


Shit, you ain't mad. That's her. That's your responsibility. Now I talking About, I I ain't talking about your situation. Oh no, I talking about mine. I'm just saying. No, I'm saying in general. You said peace. That's, that's the peace. Since when do you have peace? If you have someone in your, You don't have a, there is no peace. P that's what you supposed to have Ocho And we never get it. That don't mean you stop looking, don't mean you stop searching. I'm good. Oh, I'm good now. I got peace now Sir. K say my guys two questions. Ocho I know it's early, but what are your early predictions of who will win FIFA World Cup 2026? Can the US win it up and Oh, Sterling versus Ocho.


Who is the ex? Who's the Z? My brother played Da z Ocho was, Ocho was an ex. My brother played Da Z Jerry, my brother played Da Z. They played the Z position. Who you got OCHO World Cup 2026. Woo. That's gonna be a good one. Boy. I mean, I mean, I would love USAI would love USA to get, get, get a little further than normal. Yeah. I'm excited to see what, what, what what they're able to do. But it's, it's gonna be very, very difficult, very difficult for us looking at some of the, the qualifying games they played so far, not dominating against inferior opponents.


Oh man. And I mean that, no disrespect, but how we gonna compete with the Argentinas and the Brazils and the, and and the Frances And I just, And I, I don't know. So as far as the favor, now Argentina's probably a favorite to win. Yep. Yet again, along with some, along with some other squads. So I don't know France, maybe To go back to the question, it says, what do I wish I knew? I knew what I needed to know, but I was so driven.


Mm. I didn't real, I didn't think I could do two things. I didn't think I could Ocho because the one woman that I knew loved me unconditionally was Mary Porter. No matter what I did, no matter what, what I did, she say, baby, you were wrong, but I love you. She didn't love me on the conditions that I didn't cheat. She didn't love me on the condition that I didn't hurt her. She didn't love me on the conditions that I was in a bad mood And I didn't wanna talk. She come on, she loved me unconditionally.


Come on. Na. And so for me, I was searching for that and not realizing that I was never gonna achieve that and Never, there Were conditions on which my partner was going to love me Always. So it made it very, very easy for me to stay focused on what I needed to focus on. Remember, I'm not here to apologize for that Ocho Yeah. Remember what I always told you? That that all comes down to also being able to manage your expectations with understanding that everything comes with conditions where everybody, it's, it's easy for everybody to be loyal when it's convenient and beneficial. Yes. Well, hell, of course, Somebody, hold on. It's convenient, is beneficial.


Virtual says it's a low bar. Yeah. Everybody gonna love somebody that's making millions. It's easy to love somebody that's making because You know, know what a man, I, You know what a man told? Not a man. A not a man. It was a man and his wife. And she say, Shannon, it is just as easy to love a rich man as it is a broke one. Come on now. Come on. Don't let that go over your head. Come on now. So all this, all, all this. Y'all talking, oh, cheating this and that. It is just as easy for you to love me or pretend that you love me for the situation that I can lift you up out of. Listen, I'm gonna act like I'm in the church. I'm gonna go ahead And I'm gonna go ahead and exit, exit stage left.


Well y'all, Hey, what? Hey, hey. What, where you offering to play that? Because I, Hey, I see your 5,200 right now because you preaching, you heard me I your 5,200, right? I am going to find me Someone Come on now. And you talking about, oh, you done got old Now. You done got old. Yeah, I got old And I got my money. I got, I'd have been young and then got with the wrong one. I'd have been old with no money And I ain't got nobody to take care of me. Now. At least I, I can pay somebody to come take care of me or do things I can't do for myself. It's, It's, well, you well, you were cutting.


Well, you cutting up at the show tonight. Boy, that was, that wasn't number but the word. That wasn't number but the word. Oh man. My former teammate, Rodney spi. Rodney Arnold. Rodney Irvin Arnold, how he changed the name 1967. He from Myrtle Beach. Man, we, we got to Savannah State together. Ocho the guy that's, and as a matter of fact, he was so, he, he came to Minnesota my first, this was in 1991.


He came and saw me play in Minnesota. Yeah. I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think his wife might have been from Minnesota, but he had a, I remember he came, he had a red iroc ZI remember that. Remember the iroc 5%. Hold on. Tee top. You had tee top or Regular? Yes. Red. I'm talking about candy. A candy red. Yeah. Yeah. Had a tee top. Had the eye rock on the side. Yeah. But I wanna send my thoughts and prayers out to his family. Rest in peace, BYY and to all the family, friends and loved ones that's been impacted by this statue, this sad passing of my former teammate and friend. Rodney.


Rodney. Rest in peace bro. SSC mission man. T five. T five. Always. Mm. Alabama cooked them boys. Mark Sears is Brunson 2.0. Yeah. I think he made like, didn't he make like 10 threes? They made like 2020. Wait, wait, like 25. Wow. That's it Ocho.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


I'm up. That's Ocho. Liberty City's on Bing, a ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl, the all pro, the route runner extraordinaire. Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys so much. Thank you guys for tuning in. Thank you guys for supporting. When we show up to the shows in the city, you show up, you show us love. Oh yeah. You purchase our merchandise, you support us. You like us, you, you hit that subscribe button. You tell family, friends, and loved ones. And we can't thank you enough. And I know you've heard me say it.


We're nothing without you. And because of you, we get to do what we do. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. And if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Remember, it's the best tasting in cognac on the market. It's A-V-S-O-P that drinks like an xo. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pen. At the top of the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last.


The final four is here. Only one team can be crowd. Okay, the final four is here. And only one team can be crowded. As champ. We're giving away a chance to win 84 free 84 product. All you need to do is pick a team you think will win and place an order if your team win We'll send you a gift card worth however much money you spend today. That's right. For every dollar you spend, 84 becomes a store credit to redeem for free product. If you win tickets for a Not Safe For Work tour went on sale to this morning, our stops, Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Chicago, Detroit.


Tickets can be found on sheshe media.com/tour. Link is also pinned in the chat. Guests lining up, please make sure you don't wanna miss this. Go grab your tickets now. Thank Ryan Coogler for joining us. His movie Sinners starring Michael B. Jordan Del Rolin is in it. Hi, Haley Steinfeld, Jack O'Connell, right? I think he's in it. His movie Sins comes out April 18th, starring Michael B. Jordan. Hey, let's support the brother. Let's make sure he, he knows that we got it. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap.


I'm unc, he's ocho. We will see you on Sunday. Thank you guys for joining us. I love you guys. The Volume


famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars, need smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code nightcap under age sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus to tobacco consumers.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Okay, so we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well, in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The Bow's premium sound system plays your favorite music. As the murano's massaging leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano. Today, Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


This Valentine's Day celebrate every love story with Pandora. Whether it's romantic, platonic, familial, or a gesture of self-love. Pandora's Versatile Designs let you express your unique connections in meaningful ways. Each piece tells a story of love or friendship that transcends materialism. Turning every gift into a heartfelt message that connects hearts from best friends to significant others. Pandora helps you honor the bonds that make life richer and more meaningful. Make the feeling last from first sight to forever. On Valentine's Day and every day, be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today in store or online@pandora.net.