
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City Branch terms and more@applecard.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable Catch. an old school rivalry for a new game day firing Downfield stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday Football For details.


You're ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, you gonna have to help me out with this one. Drake has initiated legal action against Universal Mu Music Group over the allegation that the company conspired using Spotify and artificial intelligence to inflate the popularity of Kendrick Lamars Not Like Us. The action doubly surprising because UMG distributes both artists recordings in the filing today in Manhattan Court. Drake's frozen moments. LLC accused UMG of Universal Mu Music group of launching an illegal scheme involving bots, payola, and other methods to boost the numbers for Lamar viciously vicious viciously personal song.


Hey, I, I, listen, I'm I'm not, I'm not in the music world. I'm not in the music world. I don't understand the music world like most people do that that have, that have invested their lives in, in the rap beast and, and understanding of the culture and, and, and some of the other things that they're integrated it, you know, in with. So it's hard for me to understand or even explain to this to you because I don't, I don't know it like that. I I don I don't know it like that. He, I can be honest with You. He said the record didn't do the numbers that it did. They inflated the numbers to make the song seem more popular. Popular than what it actually was. Okay, I got that part. Drake, Drake has, Drake is the first guy to have 20 songs with at least a billion streams.


Yes sir. It's hard to say there's a rapper bigger worldwide than Drake, right? Drake bro. Okay. He got one off on you. It happens. You take this kind of measure. I, I Chad, I'm confused. Just let it grow. He got you Ocho you know I got, you know, we round up, we joining. Right. Guy gets you, he get on you gym Right. You ain't nothing you can do it can't no comeback. He just got, Hey bro, you got me today, Drake, he got you. It's okay bro. You, Drake, he got, Kendrick got one off on you. Not the end of the world bro.


But I'm surprised that he, he went to this measure. Yeah. I young. You, you know what And obviously with, with with, with people like that, with people like Kendrick, people like Drake with people that are, that are that brilliant when it comes to their mind and how strategic they are and methodical and the way they do things. Do you think there is, is is some type of angle behind what he's doing? I I'm, I'm, I'm just curious because they, they, they think everything out before they do it. Before there's action. Before there's action. There's a plan to it. Hey, what's up? What's up Theo Teddy bear. Oh my bad Teddy be Man, I don't get this.


Yeah Bro, do you know how much money Drake has made off music? Do you know how, how big Drake is? He got a big ass jumbo jet. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I Mean, Drake gotta be worth a quarter of a billion, maybe even more. Yeah. And somebody gives one off on you and it was a good, and look, I like Drake, I like Kendra Lamar, but Kendra Lamar got one off on you bro. You go to this now you gonna make people go buy more of it and going to download it more and listen to it more. Hey, I think, I think he might got some, I think he got some in the chamber probably. Huh?


I tell, I tell you young, you know, everything they do is everything they do is methodical. There, there's, there's a plan and they're, they're very strategic in everything that they do. Do You know how much it cost to sue somebody? You have no idea. You never sued anybody happen? No. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't never had to sue nobody. Okay. I ain't You had a, you sued somebody before? I done been sued. Damn. Who sued you Honk man will, man, I whoop A nigga. I spent damn near a million dollars on the brand farm situation. What the hell you talking about? Hey, you that man, that pussy. Oh yes. My bad, my bad. I my bad. I ain't mean to, I ain't mean to call him that my bad. Spent damn million dollars on that.


Hell we man, man we whoop man, Fuck that bro. It's a lot bro. And let us get that money back bro. And that's, he filed. So think about the paperwork and not only because when he filed we went to one level and then he appealed it. Oh. Oh. So he'd being messy I don. I just don't, I just don't, I, I look Chad, maybe it's just me, but I don't get it. Sometimes a sometimes you get, you, you, you know, you get, you, you get the, the, the bear, I mean the, the bee. So sometimes you get the honey, sometimes you get stung. Mm. Okay.


Drake, you got stung. You didn't get honey this time, right? Yeah, but you go to, oh man. Hey re remember I remember I said it, remember I said it. Everything they do is strategic. It's, I ain spend that kinda money to be strategic. I'm just gonna come out there. Hey, I'm gonna go back in there with my engineers and I'm gonna get guys a, Hey, we need to write something. You Wanna booth? Hey we need to, hey we need to come up. We need to come. I mean we need to come with it. Yeah. Maybe it's a Jay-Z Nas where they go back and forth. Maybe it's a big in Tupac. They go back and forth. When two, when Q came out with no Vaseline, that ended it. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. L and and and mo d was going back and forth, back and forth.


Yeah. That, that happens. Rap go back and forth, bro. I'm not su I'm not suing nobody. If I'm in this genre and I don, like I said, maybe may Hay I don Dunno, I don Dunno what's I Listen, I I like it. I like, I like both of 'em. I like both of 'em. I don too. I like, I like Kendrick music. I like Drake music. Well, hell, who the fuck don't I like when you think about it, but I, I, I enjoyed, I enjoyed the beef. The beef. I enjoyed the anticipation, you know what was going to be said, you know, you gotta think both of 'em. Pen is immaculate, two different, two totally different type of sounds all together what they talk and rap about completely different altogether, you know.


But to hear 'em put that goddamn mind to the pen into the paper and that shit, that shit was art. You know, some people pick sides, you know, I like Kendrick. Some people like Drake. Man, shit, I just like the artistry behind it. You know, the penmanship, the creativity, the vision in which would say, you know, there might've been some ex exaggerated lies in between, on both sides of whatever it may be. I enjoy the finished product of everything. You know, everybody else, you know, they, they dissect every little move and every, every little lyric. I don't, I don't, I don't really do all that. Which do, why when it comes to topics of music, all I know, I know the artist itself and I understand and hear the finished product and I have an appreciation for that.


'cause I understand what goes into that. The work, the time. I mean that, that's, that's, that's pretty much it. Like if it came, if it came down to it, we talk about battling like and talking trash and, and, and Ether and people like Drake and Kendrick, they couldn't even beat me. Like, honestly, if you want to meet your match, you know when it come to the pen, you feel me? Huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man, boy, That Boy Part I, I thought it was a joke. I thought when I first saw it, I was like, man, ain't no man ain't suing nobody. 'cause the record did. Yeah. Can you imagine Prince suing Michael Jackson because he sold more records of vice versa, bro.


He got one up on you. Drake. That's all I can say, bro. He got one up on you. Hey L fight another day. Hey, if you come out, hey, if you do what you normally do, your record's gonna do 3, 4, 5 take gonna be Diamond. You gonna do another billion streams, bro, you good. Right. Everybody at some point in tied them big. I Yeah, you can't always be up. I, I look, I a I don't know that's, oh, Joe man didn't pay for his date food after he claimed she catfish him and claimed her pictures weren't accurate. Yeah, he had her crying. Is he right or wrong? He right. Don't do that.


That's false advertisement. Are are you laughing? Oh, that's false advertisement. Huh? That's false advertisement. She wasn't hideous. Oh, she wasn't hideous? No, but she was what? I guess she wasn't the picture that she, she that she sent out Either. Okay. Okay. Even if you're not hideous, give me your true self. Let me know who I'm gonna see. Matter of fact, when I fake, So you don't want no feelings, you don't want nothing. You, I don't want nothing. You want absolute listen, you can put that on ig but when you DM me, send me the real you. Right. Matter of fact, no, forget to DM when I FaceTime you, I don't, you don't need no makeup. Now you can put your lashes on. Okay. You can have a little powder put on your bonnet. I need to know what I'm waking up to every morning. 'cause I, I'm not waking Up to you dolled up, up.


I'm not waking Up to you. Your IG filters. I ain't waking up to that. Okay. I'm not waking Up to you with a face full of makeup. Okay? I need you to be in your natural state so I can understand, okay, this is who I'm dealing with. This is who I'm marrying or this is who I'm sleeping with, whatever it may be. You know, when you, when you putting that shit on, you got em that nice Dior and, and Chanel and all that, that don't, that don't mean nothing. That don't mean Nathaniel. It look good. I love the aesthetics. But he, he has every right to do what he did. He shouldn't pay. Don't lie to me. Don't be deceitful. Don't trick me. I agree. I look Yeah. To be like, they like sh shit, shit.


Well, I almost, I almost said something slick I Don go there. Because when people, people be insulting me, like they see me in person be like, oh, you look different in person, bitch. What you mean? What you trying to say? Oh, You tall in person? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's me. Yeah. Sometimes, you know, I I can I fool you a little bit. You know, I got put, I put, I put lift these in my shoes. Yeah. I, like I said, I I guess, I mean, look, at the end of the day, even if you have filters and you all dolled up, eventually you, you gonna have to, the guy's gonna have to see you in your natural element. He's gonna see it eventually.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Eventually he's gonna see it. So it's best to go ahead and get it out the way. Let him make a decision or let her make a decision. Guys, if you, if you, if you five 10, say you five 10 don't say you six two and show up at five and show up under six foot. Mm. If she looking for, she wants something with six and a two behind it, she wants six foot at least 200 beat three. Yeah. Nah, baby, I ain't six foot and I ain't 200. I'm more like 5 11, 180 5, 1 90. Yeah. Be that. Listen. If, if that's not her, if that's not what she wants. Okay. It is what it is. Damn. Yeah. You right. You right. Well I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm six, I'm six three and, and, and two 20 right now.


I I don't know what it, but I think that, you know what? I can't, I can't pretend because you all, you just Google and then you just see everything. Right. And so I, I I guess, I guess, you know, if, if you don't have anything on Google or you don't have anything, but what am I gonna say? I'm 33 mm. What am I gonna say? You know what I'm saying? Right. I ain't got no kids. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a single man. I ain't never had kids. I mean, so I guess if you, like I said, you don't have anything that's Googleable or you don't have any, you know, stuff like that. I guess it's, I ain't getting away with nothing. It is, it is what it is. Yeah. What it is, it's cloud technology, technology is so advanced.


It allows us to create us to look like something that we're not. And it's, it's, it's sad sometimes that we have to use those things. Yeah. But it is what it is. IIII use, I use a filter, a tool every now and then, you know me look a little bigger. Make my shoulder, make my shoulders look a little wider on my picture. It is. It is. Yeah. That's it. It is what, look, I, I, like I said, I, you know, I guess everybody at some point in time wanted to be something that they're not or wanna pretend to be. There's something they're not. But look, if the guy's gonna like you, he's gonna like you. But just, but just just be, just be who you say you are.


It's okay. So I, I need, I I be what? What, what? I, I, this is what I got. Ain't Nothing you can say ain't nothing. You can say, Oh Joe, is this your burner account? Somebody named GlizzyGoat posted on Twitter. Girlfriend told me not to eat too many hot dogs at the wedding tonight. Better ask for forgiveness than permission. I like that. Gizzy gold. I like that. I like that. I like that. Well, you obviously know it ain't me 'cause I there Certain hotdog that are waiting. I would, I would hope what kinda what you I would, I would, I would hope so. That's a good wedding. That's what it is.


That's the type of wedding. You gonna have a good time. Not that bougie stuff. Wedding, that hot Wedding. I'm having fried catfish spaghetti. And my wedding is, That's not I, I'll be there. I'll be there, Be there. Chad. If this Hold on. If this normal for a wedding hot dogs. Come on Chad. Help me out. I know a lot of y'all done probably been to weddings or I've, I've never heard of a hot dog at a Is that The, the, the wedding. The wedding. The wedding is about the guests. The wedding is about the guests. Hot dogs. But I'm asking Ocho, are hot dogs normal at a wedding? Why wouldn't they be? And if they not normal, it's about time somebody changed it and done something different.


Only did they have hot dogs. I bet they had open bar. Yeah, the open bar is normal. Ocho at a damn wedding. Hotdog lizard. That's why adding the hot dogs to it makes it that much better. They gonna be talking about them hotdog stories. Boy we went to so and so wedding boy. They had open bar, but they also had hot dogs. Okay. Tell me the time that you heard somebody had hot dogs at a wedding. Well, I ain't really been to no wedding, so I really can't answer that. You heard you got friends that have gotten married? You don't know nobody's been married. Hey, but you know most of the people I know that got married, they shit fancy. Huh? You know they, oh they, they fancy bougie. You know everybody prissy. Nobody dance. Nobody dancing at the reception. Like I've been to them type of weddings.


I ain't never heard of hot dogs. Hold on, Hold on, hold on. My, my good friend Ryan. My good, good friend Ryan just had a wedding in Chicago not long ago. Did He have wedding? Did he have hot dogs? Hey, he ain't have no hotdog but he had some good food. They had some good catering. They had some good catering. We ain't talking about hot dogs. We ain't talking about good food. Hotdog. We being specific, specific hot dogs. I know. I know. I know. You know. I don't even know if they had hot dogs. They had know flatter. You just Said they had flatter, they had shrimp. They had shrimp. How They had a shrimp and hot dogs the same. You don't think shrimp and hot dogs the same. Oh. That restaurant that you go to, they got hot dogs. Which One? The one you go to and you get your, the clap a letcha or whatever you be getting.


Oh, cafe Che? Yeah. No, because it is the Cuban spot. Cuban spot. They don't, they don't say no damn hot dogs. Huh? Okay. What about that, that restaurant, that steak restaurant that you went to. Steak Restaurant. You talking about Waffle House? They got hot dogs. I don't know about that. I like, I like, I like where you going with this? So I'm trying to figure out, so you got a chocolate fountain for strawberry? For strawberry chocolate covered strawberries and hot dogs. Mm. That's romantic right there. Huh? That ain't romantic. That's romantic. You don't think that's romantic? I don't want no part of that because y'all gonna be far up a storm. Hot dogs that way. They go, Joe, y'all didn't need to get mad because if y'all do, if y'all doing that, y'all a so I.


Don't imagine what y'all, what y'all eat when y'all get home buying the sausage water meat? Not really, not, not, not really. But it, it is, it is okay to change things up. But you know, remember when you can't from Huh? Don't, don't, don't decide to jump the broom and all of a sudden you just change up. Ain't not Remind yourself. I mean the person that had the hotdog Hot, I don't need hotdog. So I wouldn't have, if, if I got married, I'm not gonna met my ceremony. You talking about you though? We talking about this individual. You know when I get married that might have been, that might have been a dream. It is. That might have been her dream. Dream Ocho. I'm not saying that that's wrong. I'm saying is that common for a wedding to have hot dogs? Not. And in looking at the chat they saying no. Yeah, but the chat, the chat ain't married Ocho.


Just because you haven't been married, that doesn't mean you haven't gone to a wedding. Right. I like the idea though. Matter of fact, I'm gonna have hot dogs in my shit. Go ahead. Don't forget. Favorite favorite Right around the corner there. Okay, Ocho how about this here? Yeah. Very important debate started. Is it rude if a woman eats all the flats when you order wings on a date? You know what? That that, that ain't bad. That ain't bad. I love a woman that can eat now. I love Isn't bad. We not asking. Yes. We going her Eat. I know, I know, I know. It ain't, it ain't bad. It ain't bad. Ain't nothing wrong with flats.


Okay. Ain't nothing wrong with flats. It's okay if she eats all the flats. No, that, that ain't bad. 'cause she could, some, some she could be picky, you know? 'cause I'm a, I'm a flats, I'm a flats guy myself. Well if she eat 'em all, you make it. Lord have mercy. Hey Chad. Y'all see what I'm going Chad? Y'all see what I'm going through with this bad. Hey, so she eat all the flats. That, that ain't bad is it Ocho you like flats, right? If she eats all the flats, that means you gotta eat drumheads. You said you like flats? Yeah, but if she eats the, that's your lady. Oh. You, you on a date.


Huh? That's your lady. So you let your lady eat the little goddamn flat you did On People go on a date. I, I'm thinking it seems to me like this is the first time they've gone on a date. Ocho this is not somebody regular Birthday. It was a, Hey, this their first date unc Hey, hey unc. This their first date. Right? You hear me? Yeah, I hear You. Hey, if, if it, if they first date you trying to get you something, you let it eat the goddamn flash. Well what you talking about? Huh? See, I'm glad you gave me better context. Yeah, baby, go ahead. Eat all the flesh you want to. Okay. You good. I'm mean, you could, could, I mean, nor normally a lot of times after eat, if you like flash, maybe some people like drums. Some people like drums.


I'll look. I'll eat both of them. I eat flash are easier because, you know, just Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah you could. Damn. But You said this, you put The whole thing in your mouth like That. Huh? You put the whole thing in your mouth. Well I, I split it so I break you, I break it apart and just and pull it off. Yeah, That's what you just did. You put the whole thing in your that? Yeah, but I said I already split it. Yeah. Already split it. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I'm just making sure. Okay. But I'm just saying, Ocho said I like drum addicts. Okay. Right. So if a woman, you go out on a date for the first time and she eats all the drum mats, are you upset? Are you, is it rude? Oh. And then you get upset. 'cause you gotta understand if you on the first date with a woman. Right.


Yeah. You know, you gotta understand. You have to let her do what she wanna do. If she wanna eat all the motherfucking off flats, let her eat all the flats. Matter of fact, if she wants some goddamn them drumsticks, let her get them too. You know, get a little drink, get a little french step. She Ate all the drum mets. She wanted the drum mets. We're asking if it ruled for her to eat all the drum mets and not say any for you. And it ain't, it ain't rule at all. Because if she eat all the drum mass, then you could eat all of her. Oh. You see? Go, it go hand in hand. You hear me? You hear me? If she eat all the drum mass, then you get to eat all of her. You see how that work? One plus one equal three.


Boy, that ocho, he one tonight guy. You, you a little slow. You a little slow you, man. You know he, he had a, he had a, he had a long day. Hey, I took a nap. You could tell, you could tell about my energy. I took a nap. I feel good. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna talk. My flight is at 1245. We gonna stay on here till 12 o'clock tonight. Okay, Ocho, now it's time for your favorite segment. I feel good. Hold on, let me give a towel. Lemme give him a towel because I know you gonna stress me out. Lemme give him a towel. I ain't get shit wrong tonight either. Ah,


shit. Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping point designation at this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IO OT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy writing.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. And to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Oh the places you'll go when you go in TOMS, the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, blacks, and our iconic alpr goddess slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim. Seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy TOMS, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school. Drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect for date night or girls night, apple picking or game day. We are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now at TOMS dot com.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye And. if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 day ABS session, fitness and Eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. And, if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


All I'm ready. I'm ready now. I ain't getting nothing wrong. Now it's time for our favorite segment. The best segment. Cinco. The best segment. The best segment. Okay, Ocho, your first word of the night is purpose. Wait, whoa, whoa. Take your time, Pronounce it and then give it to me in a sentence. Your first word is superfluous. Super sublist. Super. Okay. Ous. Now know this word because heard word fo. You heard Melu or aous supers.


See, see, see, see, see. Come on man. Tell Ash. Say it for me now. Sir. Sir. Superfluous. No sir. Per sir. Lus Shit. Super, super Celest. SUP. Yes, I know, I know it. Start with that. S-U-P-E-R-S For lus. For lus for lus. Celest susus.


S-U-P-E-R-F-U-L-O-L-U-S. No, it's su perus. It's s Wait. Oh, come on man. S-U-P-E-R-C-I-L-I-O-U-S. What is C coming at? It's a purpose. It's personal. See? Come on Unc. What a c? Coming at Celest. Celest. You didn't say that. You said su. Nah. See, how about This one? How about this one? Grotesque. Who hot dogs at a wedding is grotesque.


G-R-O-T-E-S-T-G-R-O-T-E-S-Q-U-E. Grotesque. You see? Hold on. Time out, time out. Time out. Time out. Lemme lemme slow that lemme slow down a little bit because this is what I don't like about the English language. What you said the word was grotesque. And you just mentioned a Q in spelling the word Yes. Where the fucking Q come from? I look, I didn't, I didn't come up with this word. So you gotta go back. Probably like a couple of hundred years hot dogs at, at a wedding. Is grotesque A ac? Actually they're not. If you had hotdog growing up, you would have an appreciation for the delicacy itself. Everybody Had hot dogs growing up.


That don't mean they want 'em at a wedding. People ate val sausages and potted meat and corn beef. Okay, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm, I'm locked in. I'm locked in. Just see you. Were there. You struggling to pronounce it? See what I'm saying? What I'm, see we, we going where ass at? Where ass at? Y'all cheating. Y'all cheating? Is It Miss Current? Miss Cor? Yeah. I said it. Miss Cor. Miss what? It's a person who behaves badly or in a way that breaks the law.


A Miss Cor. Miss Cor. Miss Cor. Current Cor, miss Current Miss Corin. Miss Cor, Miss Corin. Use it. Use it in a sentence please. He is a person that behaves badly or in a way that breaks the law. A Miss Corin. Hey, UNC. I I, I hate to tell you, and this goes for the chat too. The chat. Y'all don't be laughing 'cause I know none of y'all know how to spell it either. And, if you probably goog it right now. So if I get this wrong and, And, and they, and they didn't know what it meant until I, until I, until I and just said they, they don't know what it meant because I didn't know what it meant.


I, I'm the one who went to Harvard for two semester. Not y'all. Miss Corin. So I'm, I'm finna wing it now. Okay. And I'm finna wing it based on the sound and the pronunciation in what you gave me. Okay. Ms. Cor. Ms Cor, Wait, say it again Ms. Corin, you try to put too much emphasis on it. It's Ms. Cor Well, I gotta put emphasis on it the way you saying it in order to spell it the right way. Miss Corin. You said Miss Cor Ms. Corin, Right? Oh, you gotta break it down in syllables, man. You gotta go. It s Sables when You do. Huh? Go ahead, break it down. Go ahead.


Okay. Miss. Okay. MIS? Yes. Corin. K-A-R-E-N-T-M-I-S-C-R-E-A-N-T. In other words, RO Damn. Yeah. Cree cre. See Cree CRE gets the same as K. Right. See, I so I can see where that stumped you. Yeah, It, it got me a little bit. It got me a little bit. It's okay. What's That first word? I don't see that. Where is it? What did you say? What is, what's the first one?


Oh yeah, you can get this one. Ocho Mendacious. What? I know, you know what Mendacious is? Who? Mendacious Mendacious. Mendacious Mendacious? Yeah. Mendacious ass Ninja. Use in this sentence for me please. That mendacious ass ninja is always lying. Hold on, hold on for one. I, I don't, I don't like, I don't, I don't like that part. But you talk about any, anything I've ever said is anything I've ever said is based on experience. I Ain't talking about you. Oh, I thought you were talking about me. Okay, man. Ocho mendacious ass. Okay, this, this is easy.


Anything with sis on the end. So the ending of this word is C-I-O-U-S. Okay? IOUS. So I'm going with the beginning Mendacious. It gotta be E-M-E-N-D-A-C-I-O-U-S. It has to be, if that's wrong, I quit. I quit. I quit spelling Mendacious. M-E-N-D-A-C-I-O-U-S. Mendacious. Okay. Pyre. Hey listen, that, that Harvard Education Pyre what? Huh? Childish. Sometimes Ocho can be Pio real Pyo Real?


Spell it for me real quick. C-H-I-L-D-I-S-H. Childish Pyo real pio real? Yes. Like real, like, you know, real is RER double LR double EL Pyo real? Yes. Am I saying that right? Please? Am I, am I saying it right? Yes. Pyo Pyo would be PYO Power Real. I see. Now it sound like you saying power Real. Okay, P Power real.


I'm gonna give You, I'm gonna tell you what I'm do I'm gonna give you this one right here. I got an easy word for you. Nah, ain't no you got, I don't need an easy word. I need you to just pronounce 'em so I can spell it. Re Who? Re Oh, come on man. What you want me to say? I mean, because you, you asking, you asking Country, you know. Hi Oh five. See, that's different. High pi. PIE. Okay. Or PYE Go ahead. Okay. Real. Oh, you know what? Since, since the, the English language is so funny.


I'm gonna go P-Y-E-R-W-E-L. I know it's wrong. I know it's wrong, but I'm, I'm basing off how you pronouncing it. P-U-E-R-I-L-E. I ain't got time for this shit. You got the hardest one. Hey, listen, now that, that was easy. What, What's the, what's the last one? I promise. I promise. When we, Hey, listen, when we go on tour, I'm not getting none of these words wrong in front of company. I can tell you that. I Tell you what we're gonna do, Ocho we gonna send, we gonna send you a script of a hundred words. Yeah. That we're gonna ask you on the tour, right?


So we gonna give you an opportunity just like they do it, the spelling, beat, spelling, they send you all the list of all these words that you don't, those ones you're gonna get and when you gonna get 'em? Yeah. But we gonna give you a chance to rehearse. All right. So you get a hundred, right? We got like an eight stop tour. You got so 40 words. You gotta spell 40 words. I'm ready. I'm ready. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. How many tour? How many, how many? How many city, city you going To? We're gonna do about eight. God damn. Hey, can I, can I, can I get, can I get one city? Just gimme just more city. Just gimme one. I I ain't, I ain't gonna ask for no more.


What you mean One city? We going to, can I get one? We going to Philly. Philly. Oh, we're Gonna Philly. Okay, Boy. We're gonna Chicago. Chicago. Huh? Detroit, LA Detroit. Okay. Okay, Charlotte. That's it. That's all we getting. Okay. So you gonna gimme No, You said one, I gave you four. Okay. We going to Philly. We gonna Chicago, Detroit and Charlotte. Charlotte? Yes. I ain't never been to Charlotte. I ain't never been to Charlotte. Yeah. Okay, okay. I appreciate that. Yeah, yeah. People get get yeah, get you, get you get you ready, put you put your, this shit on.


So am I done or I got one more? You know what McCaffrey? Oh, like you talking about like Ed McCaffrey? Yep. Well that's easy. MCCA double FREY. Say it again. M-C-C-A-F-F-R-E-Y McCaffrey. Correct? Yeah. Yeah. I know you ain't think I gonna get that wrong. Two for five Ocho. That ain't Bad. That ain't bad.


That ain't bad Foot. Dunk on Unc. If, if we was playing baseball shoot, I, I'd get the Hall of Fame. Yeah. That pretty good average Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Here, you know you done cheated. You done cheated me all day today. Dunk on Unc. Hold on. What? Where my questions at? Where my questions at? Hold on. Where we at? Hold on. Huh? I'm trying to find where my questions go. Oh, there they go. There they go. Okay, here we go. You ready? Yes. Oh yeah. You, you ain't finna get this. You ain't, you definitely ain't Finn get this In.


What year did the Chargers make their only appearance in the Super Bowl? In what year did the Chargers make their only appearance in the Super Bowl? 1994. Wrong. 1995. It, no, it was the 94 season. It was in 95. Remember they played the 94 season and then the Super Bowl? No, no, No, no, no, no, no. See we not finna play that game. The question was what year did they make the Super Bowl? It might have been in 94. Listen, no, listen to me. Stay, stay with me. Don't do that. You don't cheat. Don't You do that. O Joe, don't cheat me. So, let ask you a question. If You, if the Super Bowl was in 95, you gotta say 95. You can't say, oh, it was the 94 season and it carried on because the new year was, It's the 94 season ocho.


It goes to the 94. Can't that because the Super Bowl champ will be the 2024 Super Bowl champs. Okay, now you cheating. Stop that. Cheating. You cheating. You know, good. And well, it Y play. Chad. What? Nah, You got it wrong. No, Chad, They gonna chat right there. Nine, four Season O Joe. No, you can't do that. It ain't the, listen, it is what year? The year the 49 ERs. The 49 ERs beat the, the Chargers. Oh. But the game was played in 1995. Oh. The game was played in 1995. So you, you don't, you don't say the 94 season. No, It was not the 95 season. 95 season. The Cowboys beat the Steelers in Arizona. Come on, champ. Stay with me now. Actually, no, that would've been the 96 season.


No, it would not have ocho. That's not how it worked. 96, the Packers won. Nine, seven, the Broncos 98, the Broncos. 99 was the Texans. 2000 was the Ravens One. I got A question. Was the Patriots? Yes. I got A question. Listen to me real quick. Right. The 94 season, right season, right. The charges. Who they played, who they played in the Super Bowl, the 49 ERs. So the game is played in February. Right. So listen, if it's the 94 season, right, and once it's New Year's. Yeah. What year is that? 1990. What? It's Nine five. Exactly. So that means the game was, But that's not the season.


It's the season. You gotta take the season. Nah, hell nah. You cheating boy. Okay, you had that one. Go ahead. I'm let you had that one. I'm let you had that one. Here we go. Who was the, who was the Charger's head coach during that Super Bowl run? Oh Yeah. Yeah. Your wifi not working over there, huh? Oh man, this is what happened to your dial Though. Hold on. So hold on, hold on. He came from Georgia Tech. Damn. It's right there. Ooh.


Mm Mm Mm mm. Ah, man, I ain't gonna hold you. I, I, it is on the tell. I know, I, I know him, but I can't think of his name right now. Yeah, Yeah. He's from Georgia Tech. Ah, man. Bobby Ross. Who? Bobby Ross. Bobby Who? Bobby Brown. Bobby Ross. Oh, there you go. Go ahead. Gimme Gocho. I logged on. I got logged on right quick. Don, Joe.


Hey. Hell no. Okay. Hey, you cheating over there man? Hell no. Ocho you do realize Ocho chat. You do realize Ocho, you realize Ocho you do realize I was in the league. They were in our division. Right? I know, but still you looked at the chat. You didn't know, you didn't know the answer. So you looked down and looked At no Ocho. I'm saying I name right on the tip of my tongue. Right? And all of a sudden you looked at the chat and then all a sudden I ain. Gotta look At the, okay, Ocho, I'm gonna close my eyes. All right. You ready? Yes. Who holds the, who holds the franchise record for Career Sacks? For the Chargers? Ooh, I'm gonna go Les O'Neal.


Oh hell no. Sure. I'm logged in. I'm right here. Spectrum, I'm logged in. Nah, man. See you. Ww dot right ninja.com. That's me. Nah, you, you, you got, you got briefed. Somebody briefed you on these questions. Oklahoma. You gave Oklahoma Cowboy Ocho. I keep telling you, you do realize I played at the same division with the charges with Les Lewis Was there? Yeah. Chad, they talking about Junior say they talking about Sean Merriman. Ain't nobody got it in the thing I told you. Les O'Neal.


You want me to tell you where it from? Oklahoma State. Alright, I'm ready. You ready? Yes. Because just everything about this. Yeah. You, you cheating, you know, from the first two answers. All right. What was the result of the charter's first ever a FL game in 1960? And who was their opponent? Get this? 1960. Yeah, 1960. You was playing in two, so go ahead. No, That was the first, that was the exception of the, the A FL I. Don't know the Raiders.


Nope. You got it wrong. You, you ready for the answer? Yeah, go ahead, Dallas. I mean, excuse me. The charges defeated the Dallas Texans at that time. Texan 2120. No, I, yeah, yeah, yeah. What happened to that dial up? But I done got em. I done got two. No, I got three, Two. Here we go. Here we go. Actually you got two. I got three. The first one that on quant, the person on count, you said 94. Who was the Chargers? First round pick in the 1970 draft. And what position did they play? Oh Lord have mercy. Now you talking about damn five quarterback 9 19 73. That, that ain't the fallback. You remember that Dan files quarterback?


I don't know. Wrong, wrong, wrong. You are wrong, you're wrong. The charges first round pick in the 1970 NFL draft was Johnny Rogers and he was a wide receiver Johnny Rogers In 19 70, 73. I I You said 70? I said 1970. No, you said 70 Chad. What did he say? I Know I ain't, you know, I ain't say no. 1973. You said 70? 73. I said 1973. You said 70. You said who was the first round pick in the 1970 NFL draft? 1973 NFL draft. He said thank you Chad. He said 70. Hey, the check, listen, the Chad, they always, They say you said 70. I said 73.


Okay. Clearly state, it clearly states 73. And I read 73. I know that. I read You said 70, but okay. Yeah, you got that one wrong too. Alright, here We go. Everybody said you said 70 Ninja the Chat, they not listening. They, they, you know what they, they they, their ears closed. Here we go. What was the name of the stadium where the charger played their home games from, from 1967 until their move to Los Angeles in 2017. Originally it was Jack Murphy and then they charged Change it to Qualcomm ww email.com.


He's on, he's on, he's on. Okay. You you got you. You went, you went I I him. You got three, right? You got three. Right. WW dot wright ninja.com/my


cap. Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Did you know there's no Tom at TOMS? The shoe company you know and love our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season. Embrace cozy comfort with TOMS, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic all for forgot slip-ons. Each pair of TOMS is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for play. Our Kids line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together. We've positively impacted over 100 million people to date, and we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear at TOMS dot com.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye And. if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 Day Obsession Fitness and Eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home Program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. And, if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Hey Ocho, you be trying to get me Ocho you be trying to get me. I, I I'm, I'll let you slide, I'll let you slide. How's it go? How's, alright. It's our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Avius. Parker says, I'm a chef. I've catered hamburgers and wings at a wedding. Not hot dogs. Well, TAUs still out. Ocho get married. He says he going. He's happy. Hotdog wicked. Underscore P says, how does it feel? How does it feel about Mad Dogs saying Lamar can shove the two MVPs up as you know what I mean? Look, Lamar is basically, it's Super Bowl now.


He has the MVPs, he has the cachet. He's proven that he's more than worthy of being an NFL quarterback. Now, it's not about getting another MVP. That would be nice. There are very few quarterbacks with three, Hey, there are very few quarterbacks with two MVPs, let alone three. But it's not gonna look good if he finished his career with MVPs in those Super Bowls. So La Lamar's had a phenomenal career. If he plays another down, which he, hopefully he plays another decade. But he has to get to and win a Super Bowl. ocho, that's the only thing. That's what he playing for. Now if you ask him, he'll tell you that's, that's it.


I mean, 'cause what, what is, we've seen him win a unanimous MVP. We've seen him almost win another unanimous MVP. He got put out in the divisional round. He lost in the championship game on his, and both were on his home field. Yeah. So look, I don't have an opinion about somebody left opinion. That's how he feels about Lamar. I think Lamar is fabulous, but he's gonna have to get a Super Bowl. I think everybody, I think everybody knows that. Jake Scho says Uncle Ocho does. Does this make D Henry the leader for the MVP seems to play a whole lot. Nah, because I think the thing is, he should have been a lot further along. He should have had 1500 yards. Had they given him the ball against Cleveland.


Had they given him ball against Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh, yeah. But I think right now the momentum is for Saquon. Now Derrick Henry is having an unbelievable season. He is having a, a phenomenal season, like I said, five games to go. He is gonna have to average about one 30. Probably one 30. Which is, which is possible. Yeah, for sure. It's, yeah, for sure. But that 66 and that, that hurt. They didn't, if you think about ocho, they didn't really run him a whole lot in Cincinnati game until that final drive in overtime. Yeah. And when he broke free. Yeah, Mr.


Philip Unc. I agree. But you have to understand, there's a reason we look dominant and wins is because what you said. But we throw more than we running in games. We have penalties. That is our issue. Yeah. Yeah. Back backing him, up being in third and long Thing. When you run the football, what that does is it keeps your, the weakest part of your team is your defense. You keep those guys on the bench, you throw the ball. Here's the thing, you got up to a slow start the night. Remember the first two drives? You had eight plays. You play a team, okay, you best run and play Philly. You go a eight plays, you go two drives.


You might be down 10, 14, nothing. Now that takes the run game out of it. Right? So I'm, what I'm just trying to do, what I'm looking at is that, okay, normally you look at Philly, they run the football. When they defense come on the field, they're flying around 'cause they're arrested. Baltimore, you wanna possess the football because you wanna try to keep your defense off the field. The strength of your team is the offense. What you thinking Ocho? Yeah, I mean, I mean, listen, I'm thinking about the damn holding calls, holding the calls, putting them in third and long, putting 'em at, at a not so advantageous situation. Which forces them at times to have to throw the ball.


Yeah. That, that, that's the only thing I can think of. You got better run blockers than pass protectors. Huh? That's that, that also that also legal possibility Issue. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's, that's also the issue. But they'll be fine. I mean the foreman is there. Todd Monin knows, know, knows what it takes Lamar, Jack, Lamar Jackson knows what it takes. Just put it, put it on, put it on Henry's shoulder. But what happened to you when you get to a game though? Huh? What happened when you get to a game and you're playing a team that say, you know we stacking a motherfucking box. I'm Sorry. That should be easy now you're shooting fish in a barrel. You throwing one on the one outside. Yeah. You got flowers, you got Bateman, you got Andrews, you got likely. Yeah. It should be fairly, it should be fairly easy. That that, that's, that's what y'all stack the box.


So y'all got eight guys in the box. I already know you're playing one-on-one coverage. Now I just got Oh, who's the first guy open? Because that's who's getting the ball. It's probably gonna come down to that. I think it's gonna come down to that. It's it's gonna be a picky, picky poison moment. Yep. You know, today we not finna let Gary Henry beat us. Okay. We stack, we put nine in the box And we I'm make you take him away. I'm not gonna take him away. I'm gonna make you take him away. Right. But I'm not gonna take him away by my play calling. Right. And you gonna have to convince me that you gonna take him away. Right. I'm not gonna let you say, oh, we stopped him. Okay. He got 10 carries for 35, 40 yards. And I'm like, oh no. We gotta go away from that Henry Bull Jive King's journey said y'all should do a live show on Thanksgiving during the games.


Nah, we come on after the games. Yeah, No. Yeah. We, we going, we going, we coming on after the game we're gonna be out. Well, Thursday's gonna be normal for us. Friday will be normal for us. We're coming on. I mean, Wednesday will be normal for us. We coming on Friday because the chiefs play Friday. We gonna do Saturday because that's what normal college football day for us. We're back at it Sunday. We're back at it Monday. So once Wednesday hit we're every day, all the way through Monday. Mm. Dang. Let's go JW Acker. Ocho. It's officially Steelers. Bengals Week. Let's wager Steelers win. You send me a signed jersey or UNC can send me your Funko Bengals win.


I'll buy four boxes. Your cigars I'll DM you. Okay. I like that one. Don't choke. Yeah, I like that one. I Like that. I like that one. Matter of fact, get your money ready boy. Get your money. Get your money ready. Get ready to buy four boxes of cigars. You know I appreciate you. I like the bet. That man said he, that man said he wanna sign Jersey. Jersey. Yeah, he can. He can get that. I got, I got, I got one of them. I got one of 'em right here. Well He going go and send it to him. Don't make the man wait. 'cause you already know what's gonna happen. But you don't want to bet nothing. You wanna sign be you ain't paid me my two bands yet. Who? You. Hey, long as I owe, you'll never go broke. See, See you do that bank, you do it with Baker Mayfield. Daddy, you done stole from me.


Don't wanna gimme my money back. I'm To steal you. I ain't steal. I ain't, I ain't steal from you. 'cause I ain't take it from your pocket. I already had it. Uhuh, I'm gonna have to put that paper on you. That's the only thing, that's the only thing we understand that the paper. What Paper? That paper. The coat papers. Yeah. And don't put me in it. Don't put don't put your boy in the system. Don't put the paper though. You man ro jenny il said, how do you advocate for yourself doing annual reviews to get higher paid without coming off too strong when you're overworked and burnt out? I, I don't really know how that goes about how that that happens.


I guess, you know, you just go to your boss and says, Hey, I've been here x amount of years, I've been doing a great job. Ive, and I don't know what's, what's the, what, 3%? Is that a, is that what an average raise is for at a work setting? 3%. 5%. Yeah. Three to five. You get your, you ain't coming off strong. Hey bro, cost of living going up. Yeah, my and my wages aren't meeting that. Mm. Sh You good. Oh you locked in. You, you just got yours.


But I think that's, that, that's the only way to just be straightforward and, and like, hey, I think with the work that I've done, I think I've done a great job. I think I'm a great benefit to the company and, and the corporation. And I, I think I'm deserving of a pay increase. But I mean, you have to be willing and accept if they say no. Mm. Yeah. Because how you feel might not be how they feel. Exactly. That's the, that's the issue. Raise the underscore.


Unc ocho love the show. Keep up the great content. My question is for both of you on game day, what was your pre pre-game routine? Ocho what was your pre-game routine? Pregame routine, obviously, you know, you know, in the morning, you know, I, you know, I eat my, my McDonald's. That, that's, that's always that, that was a must. Hot cakes with sauces, sausage, egg, McMuffin. Even on the road. Yeah. Even when I was on the road. Okay. Yep. Yep. Even when I was on the road, had the same hot cakes with sauces, sausage, egg, McMuffin, my large oj I'm always on the first bus to the stadium. I want to go check out the field. I don't put my cleats on. I just go out there, check out the field wherever we're playing at. And obviously listen, I listen to my jazz 'cause I wanna be in a nice, calm, relaxed state.


Other than that, I, I get a little jump rope in and I'm not sure for those in the chat that have watched, watched me play during my day, I always had a soccer ball. I would warm up, I would purposely go early so it wouldn't distract anybody else. I would always purposely warm up with a soccer ball before games would start. And, and that's, that's, that's pretty much it. Yeah. On the road, I got up early. I ate french toast, no syrup, bananas on top, oatmeal, egg whites. That was it. Drank orange juice. I got on the Prebus, which was the bus before the early bus.


Right. Got over there and my locker was already set up. I would have three blueberry cake donuts, five packs of five pack, stick of big red and eight Advil in my locker at home. Get up early. I was up early, went home, slept for another hour in my own bed. And I would get up, get dressed, eat breakfast, head to the stadium. I normally got to the stadium around game at two. I normally got to the stadium around 9 45, 10 at the latest because we had to be there. We had to be there by noon because we had a two, two o'clock game.


That was it. I didn't go on the field, just get my locker and just chill. Chris said, what's up uncle nor your big fans of the show as two great pass catchers. How can the goat receiver be the gold receiver if he admitted to using Stickum his whole career? Shit, I don't know. Well Hey, if he'd had these tacky deified gloves, so what are we gonna do about the technology now with these tacky gloves? Y'all don't think that has any bearing on guys being able to catch the football better now than what they had back then? Yes or no ocho? Yeah. Yeah. All the one hand shit we see in there. How many one hand when you, when you saw guys back then, how many One hand catchers you see?


I mean you probably can go back and look. Jerry Mighta had two one hand catchers his whole career. Wasn't nobody one hand catches you see three one hand catches every single week in the NFL. Yeah. Different different Do said what dishes are y'all looking forward to most on Thanksgiving? I'm ready for my aunts chitlins. Nah, nah, nah. Doug, you gonna miss me with that one? I ain't, I ain't, I ain't looking, I wasn't looking forward to that. Hell, well my grandmother was cooking 'em staying up the highway back when? Yeah, I remember 'em day. Boy. I'm simple. I like Turkey and dressing some mac and cheese. This is the only, it's the only time Ocho is the only time like holidays, like Thanksgiving or Christmas that I'll eat ham.


Hmm. That's the only time I don't eat. I don't eat ham any other time of the year. Right. But Turkey dressing with gravy, mac and cheese. Collard greens. I found this lady online. She gonna make me a cake. About a cake. What kind of cake we talking about? Lemme see. I got two of them. One gonna make me a cake when I go to Atlanta and the other one gonna send it. Yeah. I, I I like me some cake now. Not just, I mean not fancy. I like Betty Crock or yellow cake chocolate icing. I'm pretty simple. I'm pretty simple. You, She said she gonna make a peach cobble pound cake.


Okay. Lemon coconut rum cake, vanilla butter, strawberry cake. She's like, she does everything, all things butter. PE car. She got a a ba her best she says is butter Pea car bourbon. Mm. Her and her savory and sweet treats Atlanta. Lakeisha Dixon. Okay. Okay. I like that. And this other lady, I got two of 'em. I found me two. Y'all laughing, but I'm from dead. Dead serious. They need to Oh, oh, here it is. The other lady is Mama Ana's buttercream Dreams.


Ana Sharper. Man, this cake looks so good. I like, damn. I was, look, I was, look at my screen. She got a sweet potato pecan. Hold on. Sweet potato pecan. All, all right. I'm gonna get that cake. Yeah. Lemme see. Lemme go back. Lemme go back and see. I got a Two. Lemme see what, what, what, what she said or message here is.


Yep. Sweet potato pound cake. And she got some like that Frosty dressing. Buttercream frosty dressing. The dressing on that thing. Yeah. Woo. Yo ho ocho What up though? Big Ben's body. Stafford arm bigs leg. Make a better quarterback to me. I'll take Lamar's legs, I'll take Josh Allen's body and I'll take Rogers of my homeboy's arm.


You can't go, you can't go wrong either way. Yeah. So I'm gonna take Brady's leadership. I'm gonna take Josh Allen's body. I'm gonna take Lamar's leg. I'm gonna take Peyton's brain and then I'm gonna take Mahomes arm. That's my quarterback. Who you got Ocho? I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Lamar legs. Mahomes body. You want Mahomes Body? I mean, I'm talking about Josh Allen. Josh Allen. Okay. Josh Allen's body. Okay, I'm gonna take Mahomes arm.


I'm gonna take Brady's brain. Okay. Yeah, that's my quarterback Man. We might not lose a game. Might not lose a game. Four kg say, is it safe to say Zion Williams is a buzz? Did not limit the number one pick. Did you see his new back tattoo? He's never in shape fat and he's he's never in shape, fat and injury prone. I saw it. I. Don't think he's a bus. The guy's been, he's been, he's been to an Allstar game, wasn't he? One time he was a a second team. All NBAI know he is made an Allstar game.


Excuse me. I saw that he was all rookie. Never, never. Two time Allstar. I saw the photo because they had his back and then they had him turned around and then they had LeBron's body. So LeBron is 39, Z is 24. And they're like, you see the difference? Yeah. I I don't know. I mean, I don't wanna beat the guy up, but man, I don't know bro.


I don't know. I, I don't know, I don't know what's important to him. I think basketball is important to him, but how can it be when you don't take the things that's necessary in order for you to be the best you can be? Right. Ain't no way you should be that. You should have a stomach like that. But hey, that's his career. Nice said. Hey Shannon Ocho just wanted to say thank you. Keep up the great work. Nightcap nicer. Thank you. Thank you for your support. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you for tuning, tuning in. As you watch the Baltimore Ravens take over the number one wild card spot with a 30 23 victory over the La Chargers, Lamar Jackson, 16 of 22.


1 77, 2 touchdown passing one Russian Derrick Henry 24 carries a buck. 40 37 carries 212 yards, two touchdowns for the Baltimore Ravens. And they win the recipe for successes is quite simple. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am unc, that guy is Ocho Bengal ring of Fame artery, the legendary pro bowler all pro. One of the great Bengals in in, in their story franchise history. I don't wanna say story, but in their franchise history. Y'all get the idea. That's Chad Ocho Seco Johnson. Just call him Ocho guys. Hit that subscribe button, hit that like button. Tell family, friends and loved ones.


Hit that like button. And Thursday night, have 'em to sit around with 'em Friday night. Have 'em to come join us Saturday. Have 'em to come join us because they're not getting out town to probably Sunday. And if they're still in town Sunday, have 'em to tune in with us on Sunday night. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button. Thank you guys for your continued support. Go get this pod Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from and we want to thank you. Hopefully you have a very festive holidays and we want to thank you for all your continued support. Check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock if you can't find it in a city or state near you with the holidays right around the corner. What better way to have a joyous, very celebratory holiday than was Shaa by La Poitier?


In one more favor, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company, Pedro Oliver platform. That's she, she Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had a big new release drop last month and our black black Black Friday sale has already launched even though it's not Friday. Items are Up to 50% off shirts at $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off all tees. Hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Shesha and 84, everything is in stock and we release stocking stuffers such as beanies and coozies. Quantities are limited so make sure you grab yours while supplies last. The Harbaugh Bowl, as we mentioned, the Ravens 30 charges 23.


John Harbaugh is now three and oh over his younger brother Jim Harbaugh. His parents were not in attendance because they were celebrating their 63rd wedding anniversary. 63 years. Congratulations Mr. And Mrs. Harbaugh. Very, very well deserved. Thank you guys for joining us for another edition of Nightcap, our he's Ocho. We will see you Wednesday night with Swish. Thank you very much. I'm headed to the airport and headed to Philly. Peace words The. Volume.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today@greenlight.com slash Iheart.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


The perfect gift this season is here. One moment. The number one New York Times bestseller from Leon Moriarty. Author of Big Little Lies readers are raving about this book, calling it impossible to put down here. One moment is a brilliantly constructed tale of an ordinary, short domestic flight where something extraordinary happens. People learn how and when they are going to die. It's the perfect book for book clubs and will stay with you long after finishing the last page here. One Moment by Leon Moriarty available now wherever books and audio books are sold.


Wasabi Technologies is purpose built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from those old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys? Wasabi is the Go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams around the world. From Wasabi's, AI enabled intelligent media storage, Wasabi Air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, Wasabi is driving innovation in data storage all for Up to 80% less than those other guys. Try them out for free at Wasabi dot com.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast Network.