
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air, or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Stewart, bink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga ia and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide G Network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speeds not available in all areas.


The chiefs may be forced to release Travis Kelsey this off season due to an almost $20 million cap. This would be the highest cap for tied end in the entire league. Given that Kelsey at times struggle this year to get open and to create separation. Ocho, is this the end of Travis Kelsey who I believe is the goat guy end and his relationship with the chief? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Obviously, you know Pastor Mahomes, you know Chelsea and all the players that are part of that team that are going to be there next year, not those that are on a one year deal. Travis Kelsey's a team player. He's a team player and he's making so much money off the field.


He's not going to have a problem taking a pay cut. He's not gonna have a problem doing that because he gonna make up for whatever he, whatever. He doesn't get off the field because he has so much going on. Listen, this is the same situation with Tom Brady, who was Tom Brady dating when he was taking pay cuts in the wing to make sure they kept the team around him. Yeah, but that he ain't married to Taylor yet. He might as well go and propose then if he was that type. Trust me, he good. Trust me. Good. He's dating a billionaire. He, I I up I think, huh? I done tied up. I think he had no worries. He has so he has so many endeavors going on off the field.


He does no problem. I'm a he does team player. I'm a team player to come back to keep the band together, to be able to get some, some other key off season acquisitions. I have no problem doing that and coming back and make and, and, and giving this thing another go. He, he can do that. So he's not one that that's hurting for. So, so he'll be fine. I can see him going to Hollywood. He has that look, he has that swag. I can see him parlaying what he's been able to do in, in football on the field and parlaying that off the field. He has that. The question is OCHO as as you get older, right.


And you know, Travis is flying all over the place. He wants to be with the lady, a love of his life. He's gonna have to make a decision. How important is football to him? And you can't, you can't, you can't go out like this. This can't, this can't be the last taste. You can't be the last taste in your mouth. Not, not a game like this. Not like that. Ojo. The thing is about sports, it's funny how sports work sir, because everybody like, you can't go out like that and then you come back and it's worse this next last time. You're like, well I can't go out back and it just keep getting going to work. Right. There is no guarantee. It's not a situation where you get like a John Elway, I win a championship it Super Bowl MVP I'm done. Or Michael Strahan, they went and they, they take down the, the Giants, I, excuse me, the Giants take down the pastry and I Duke Yeah.


The bus, the Super Bowl is in Detroit. He's from Detroit. The bus stops here. So it's not always like that. We don't always get that Hollywood ending. Right. Although we might want that Hollywood ending. The question is, is that you that I I think he's gonna have to sit down and ask himself how much more do I want to give? What do I have? Because lemme ask you a question Ocho he comes back, what can he do that's gonna change the perception of what you think of Travis Kelsey? I, me personally, I think he's the go idea. Oh yeah. Yeah. I I'm, I'm not sure what he, what what's going to change. I just know and understand the chemistry and continuity that him and Patrick Mahomes have.


Patrick Mahomes having that security blanket. Obviously when they bolster and help and, and get that, that officer line together, I think things will be a little bit more easy for him. The chemistry and the continuity odds between the crew, Noah Gray, Xavier Worthy's gonna be back. I'm not sure about Hollywood. I'm not sure about Hollywood Brown and Deandre Hopkins, but whatever other pieces they bring into that table. And I, I know that game left for bad taste and everyone's mouth including Travis Kelsey and I definitely believe he's not gonna want to go out like that. I believe them to loses, but but be to, to, to afs. That's not what they want. I'm not gonna curse him. I believe for him to come back to, he gonna have to take a pay cut.


Oh yeah. I don't think he have a problem with that. He ain't gonna have no problem doing that. He ain't have no problem doing that. You say that. We say that 'cause it's not our money. Yeah, I mean listen and just understanding how much he has going on. Understanding an individual that he listen if this comes out knowing, I mean just Taylor Swift look like the type of woman anyway. Oh baby. They want you to take a pay cut. So from 20 million to 10, you know what, here go the 10. They ain't gonna take from you. She looked like that type just to cut your, cut your $10 million check right there on the spot. Mm. That's just, that's just me. You know, they say God loves you. God loves to cheer.


Forgive them. Eagles pinned their ears back. They got out the patch. Mahomes forced a couple of turnover was forced. Three turnovers a pig six a interception right before the half. And that was the difference in the ball game. What did you like about what you saw from the eagle that was dominating victory? Don't let the score fool you. Yeah. 40 22. No, no, no, no. Listen, listen. Especially in the Super Bowl, most of the time it's one up front. It's one up front is one in the trenches. That's where everything starts at the Eagles defense. Evangel didn't have to, Evangel didn't have to do any blitzing. He didn't have to do anything exotic except line up and rush the pass because the front floor got the job done all night.


I'm not sure what the center was doing. I'm not sure what the, the right tackle on the left tackle was doing all night for the Kansas City Chiefs. They played, you know what, I'm not gonna talk about them. I'm, I'm credit, I'm accredit Eagles defense. The defense, phenomenal football. They tried to, they tried to roll out. If, if, if you notice unc, not too many times they packed from home, just dropped back. You notice how they rolled 'em to the left a little bit. Rolled 'em to the right a little bit. They kind reset the pocket a little bit. They get the officer line a little help with Jalen Carter, you know, trying to nullify him a little bit. Get him to reset his feet and have to start all, all the way back over as opposed to just coming up field and bull rushing. They couldn't get nothing done. They couldn't done, they, they weren't able to run the ball. Obviously. They made him one dimensional, which is why the game turned out the way it did.


Now, on the flip side of the ball, the chief did a great job. The treat, the chief did a great job in nullifying the run and not allowing Saquon Barkley hit his head off the goal post and being efficient in the run game, but they weren't able to stop the pass. Jalen hurts very good in the past, I think, if I'm not mistaken, this might be one of the few games he threw for over 200 yards where they didn't have more rush yards and they actually won the goddamn game. Yeah, well the defense gave them very good field position O Joe. And when you look at it, the problem was, is that yeah, they did a great job as yeah, Quan, but they couldn't get off the field. On third down, you, your job is not complete until you get off the field. On third down.


Now you had on third down Trent mcn, what did he do? Ocho he got a unnecessary penalty. Now they go and get a touchdown. So you gotta be smart. You can't put yourself in situations like that. Give the Eagles and see the thing with the Kansas City, they ran into the same thing. And I tweeted it early. This game has the exact feel of the chief damper. The chief couldn't run the football. Okay. Right. The buck says, we know y'all not gonna run, play, run the football. Guess what they play Shell coverage cover two. Well, you not gonna run the football. You gotta, if a team is playing a choice, you got run them out of it. They got small guys, they gotta, they play 4, 2, 5. You gotta run them up out it.


And when the inability to try to even attempt to run now big fat yo says Okay. Yeah, most, most definitely it won't. I thought, I thought the game would've been a lot better. I thought it would've been a lot better, obviously with the creativity and how special Mahomes is. But Mahomes was never able to be poised. He was never able to gain closure and be comfortable in the pocket the entire night. They had him, they had him running for his life, even with the tricks that they tried to do and getting him out the get, get him out the pot and roll, rolling him out, out a little bit. But it, what it did, it made him one dimension, especially with one side of the field, that that's how the first interception happened. Because he lost vision of how he said his last name. I don't wanna butcher it. Yep. They, he lost vision of where he was that with John, because he was rolling that way.


And obviously when you're rolling that way, you're not staring at that side. You, you staring at what's coming towards you to where you can throw the ball. Didn't even see him coming. And interception goes the other week. The the other way, the the game was a very good game from all three phases for the, for the chiefs. All, all offensive, offensive defensive team for the Eagles hockey special team as well. Not giving up any big plays. There was some garbage time work from, from, from Mahomes and Worthy that, that really didn't affect the game in any way. But congratulations to the Eagles. And I think I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you why the Eagles won. It was the good luck kiss I gave Sirianni at, at before, before the game started at the media day.


That's what it was. That's what, that's what it was. Ocho normally what happens, yeah, you go back and study, study playoffs. When you get into the game and you lose whatever your weakness was, right? It gets exa, exacerbated what was the easiest pass for the most part of the year. Pass protection. Now we got an opportunity to see it. The same thing they, they lost. Now, the last time they lost the Super Bowl, they lost to the Buccaneers. They went out and signed Joe Tooney. Now if I'm the chief, I'm gonna go get Trent wi Yeah. I'm will overpay for it. Mm.


Because you got, I've gotta get a left tackle right? I've got to put Joe Tooney back at left guard. I've got to do that because it does not matter how great you are up, this is one, if you look at this game, look at what the Eagles did and who they did it to. This is one with the most dominating performances that you're gonna see. Yes. There have been other games. You go back and look at the 85 Bears, that was Tony Easton. You look at what we did that was Kerry Collins. You look, but when you look at what they did to a historically and generational and a transcendent quarterback, this is one of the most dominating performances that you're gonna see.


Kind of what like the Seahawks did to Peyton Maddock. Kinda like what the bugs did to Patrick Mahomes. They dominated it. I mean, it it wasn't close yet. You gonna look at like 40, 22. But yeah, at one point in time the game was 40 to six, the game was 40 to six. And for all intents and purposes, the game was over at 24. Nothing at the half. Because people like, well, you saw that wasn't that, that wasn't that goddamn was out there that happening? No, it, it, bro, one team had like 11 plays, the other team had 12 first downs. So I didn't see any, any semblance that there was something that they could do. You see, they come out and try to run the football. They read and they go back.


I thought I said, I think Tom Brady called it out. They hadn't gotten the first down. I think if I, I might be wrong. I'm mistaken. Cor even correct me if I'm wrong. They didn't get a first down until damn near. Oh, oh. They didn't pass the 50 yard line unc, the 50 yard line. What was it? The whole first half or not the third. I'm like, well what the, what the, what is going on? Yeah. Yeah. It was, I mean you gotta give the Eagles credit. Mahomes didn't play well. The credit that it wasn't that he didn't play well in his own. The Eagles had a lot to do with that. That front four was relentless. That front four was relentless giving credit, give credit to sweat, give credit to Smith. Give credit to Jalen Carter.


Give credit to Williams. Give credit to those guys, to Jordan Davis. They did an unbelievable job. Yeah. Of doing what they were supposed to do our job. And guess what, even when he was able to skate, they chased him down. They didn't give up. They was relentless in their pressure. And, and they, they earned this victory. Now, I don't know if y'all know this, but hey, they built the last Hold on, hold on hold. Look at what they got. They, they built the last they got, they got, they got hurt on a, on a easy contract. They got their two wide receivers. They got 'em sold up. Now you're gonna have to do something with, bro, you, you got to bring back, you have to make a decision. You gonna cost a little bit of money. Him in one year, he was special. He was, he was, he was special.


All season long for them. You have to bring him back all pro. Okay? And he was a defensive candidate, defensive player of the year candidate. So, you know, you, you got Saquon tied up. Your offense is tied up. You got Lane Johnson locked up. You got my Lauder locked up. You got Dickerson locked up your center if it was going on, going to be in the second year. He look rookie contract. But look at the age, Don, look at age. If, if you look at the landscape of the team on both sides of the ball, almost everybody's young. You, you, you obviously have a few veterans that, that are up in. But the majority of the team is young. Yeah, yeah. This team is gonna be together for a while. And then you have to think you still got the draft and then you still have all season acquisitions that Yeah, Jeffrey leery, the high Roseman are gonna make to even better the squad.


The question is, there's a guy there that says he wants to be traded. Oh, they're not gonna be able to fit it. You pay nobody else. Just say it. But let look, hold on. Oh, stay, stay with me real quick. Now look what they were able to do. If I'm a gm, if I'm not Postman, they're from Jeffrey Lu. Look what they were able to do with the front floor they had. Right? Right Now the young Bulls, you know, hey, hey, do you really wanna, do you really need Yes, based off what you saw tonight against Pastor Holmes and the Kansas City team, do you really need to bring in a Miles Garrett?


Some might say holmes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it Yeah. You was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen To Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I you gotta keep me, but hey, you can't stand packed now they gonna look. I'm looking to improve now. You are probably gonna pro, it's gonna probably be too much to give it up, but to give up to getting, and like you said at, at right now for the next week. I'm not even thinking about that. I'm going to enjoy this if I'm Jeffrey Lu and Hi Rose, if I'm Jeff Howard, don't bring me any idea. I want your ish. I wanna enjoy this. If I, if I, if I'm Nick Sirianni ha don't tell I you gonna lose y'all 50 coordinator. It looks like Kellen Moore has the job unless something unforeseen happened in the last, you know, 24, 48 hours, he has the job in New Orleans. So you're gonna have to find a new play caller.


But the fact of the matter is, is that what they have? They very, very good well coached team Ani, when you showed up with that sweatsuit told me that you didn't think you were gonna get the job, but you got the job. You've proven your worth. I was wrong about you. You got to the Super Bowl, you lose your coordinators and everybody's down and out on you. But you know what, you go back and you get Vic Fangio and that defense was outstanding. Kellen Moore did a great job of calling the game, running the football all year long with Saquon Barkley. Jalen Hirt doing what he needed to do in order to a, okay, I'm throwing for 1 21, I'm throwing for 1 48 Now in this ball game, y'all gimme a lot of single high single high coverage I make, I'm gonna make these throws.


And then when the coverage got, yeah, yeah, he started picking 'em up. Putting them down. So now that's the problem that you're up against. When you got these mobile quarterbacks, Ocho you run past 'em, they jump out the window and they high tail and all you do is looking at taillights. This was a dominating performance. The Eagles fans rejoice Jay, the Jayla Hirst win the MVP. Who won MVP? Was it a defensive player? Was it sweat? Shoulda have been her won mvp. I mean, and, and it was gonna be somebody on the, on the defensive side of the ball. Hell, the whole goddamn defense should've got it. The whole front line. Yeah, I I was, I was gonna say, yeah. Oh, hers just won though, Joe.


He just won it. Yeah, but it was, it was an outstanding performance of what we saw or what we saw today. They dominated this ball game and that was, but when I looked at this ball game, mocho I like, and we talked about it Thursday, they do the Eagles have the better team. Yeah. Play for better. If you look it player for player, it's not even close. It's not even close. The only, maybe the only position, the only position is quarterback where you could say they got the better, they got a better play. Other than that, you look at wide receiver, look at the running back, you look at the offensive line, okay, Chris Jones and Jaylen Carter, that's a push look at the linebacker. Zack Brown. Boom.


Okay, maybe Mc Duffy and, and Mitchell maybe McGuffin iss slightly better. Maybe that's a push. But if you look at the other position, so if you look at, if you look at it starting 22, right? With the exception of maybe one position, most definitely. And use and use in, in this case, most of the time, if the officer line didn't play so bad, if they didn't play so bad, Patrick Mahomes decision making wouldn't have be, wouldn't have been as bad as it was. They made him very, yeah, they, they made him very, very, they started to take risk from the beginning of the game. So when you talk about which team is better, Patrick Mahomes has been so good since he's been in the league, regardless to how good the personnel lives on both sides of the ball for the goddamn Eagles.


Pastor Mahomes, he know him most of the time, has always been good enough to overcome that. He's been good enough to overcome the weaknesses that they have offensively. But tonight, Kendrick Lamar Drake lawsuit references Drake lawsuit during the halftime show. Andrick boy, he petty that joke brought out, he brought out Serena. You saw Serena out that creek? Serena? Yeah. In comp. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. No Serena and Drake used to date. Yeah, I understand that part. Remember Serena grew up in Compton now a little bit. She was, he was. Yeah. And remember, remember she Crip walk after she won, won a mans Wimbledon. I forgot what year that was. Wimbledon. Wimbledon, okay.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ojo rate the halftime show on a scale of one to 10. Oh, it was a it was a 10. It it it was a 10. Yeah. It was a I ain't going that high Ocho. Huh? I ain't going that high. No, I mean, listen, if you understand, if you understand how everything came about and how a song that is not even really a song. It's not even a, it's not even a song. It's a dis track. Yes. And you performing it at the Super Man. I, I don't, I don't know. Oh, he, he got everything outta 10. How do you not He got everything outta that orange. Yeah. Yeah. All the juice, everything.


Agent Inside used the zest, the pill for Zest, right? Yeah. He, he, he, he, he, he que he got everything outta that one. Yeah. He got everything outta that one. Hey, I have a question for, I have a question for you. Yeah, no. Anyway, we, I mean, I know we talked about Super Bowl performance obviously would've was rated, but I think at, at some point, the few that these two were having, Drake is still a big enough artist to be able to withstand this and come back. Yeah, for sure he can. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Yeah. That, that's a no brainer. I mean, even with that being said, yeah, Drake is still the bigger artist. Yeah. He, Drake, Drake still does more money. Drake just did a billion streams. Yeah. The fastest to do a billion streams or something.


Drake is Drake. Yeah. He got him. Look, he got involved into a, a, a contest that he probably is not, not good at. Probably should have just left well enough alone. Wait is Oh, this the thing, you talking about a, you talk about a battle in a contest that he, that that there've been many that he would probably beat, there would be many contests that he would probably win. But you just, this was the Booie man. This was the bookie man in that instance, when it comes to going back and forth, coach o Yeah. If he wins, what does he get outta winning? He Drake, he's the biggest rapper. Yeah, but he can, he can get a lot outta lose it. You let it go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If you go back and look at it. No, be JayZ JayZ let it go.


Look at what JayZ That's right. That's right. That's right, that's right. That's right, that's right. Yeah. At some point in time. What Master P Oh, who that hold on told me. Master P and Gilly. I sat down with Gilly and I said, bro, as a matter of fact, you the second person in $48 to sell me. He said, boy, sometimes they'll trick you out your position. Drake tried law, but let the man trick you out in the position right now. What? Let it go for what? Okay. You got, you got me. Yeah. I'll let you, lemme go. I lemme go and put pen to pad, come out with some more hits. Boom. Is when you go back and forth.


Now you allow your, your listeners' ears to hear that and go back and forth. Ooh. Yeah. Ooh. D Drake. Damn. You probably should have left that one alone. C you Hey Ocho, it, it's kind like, it's kinda like boxing and don't get No, you gonna get, somebody gonna get you. I ain't gonna say they, you might not lose, but somebody gonna get some licks on you. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know what, and know what's funny, what's funny about it is, is this is the first time you've ever seen one, someone actually get these kind of licks on someone this big, some of that being the tool. Right. So I, I I don't know. I don't know. I don't really, I just, but, but, but, but see and what made it, now you suing and all that, that's what people look at it, bro.


It's a dis track. It ain't that serious. Yeah, I think there's some stuff. What a machine and Yeah. And they, they, you know, you, I mean you allowed him to say these derogatory and, and brought by character, blah, blah blah. Well, y'all was going back and forth. Yeah. It must be some. So I, I'm, I'm not into it. I'm not invested into it that much. I'm just announced. Hell no Ocho the jets have informed Aaron Rogers, they'll be moving on from him during the Jay Glazer. Wow. Rogers flew back to New Jersey last week to meet with the Jets about the future with the team. Only to be told the team would be moving on. Mm. Now if that means he'll be a June one casualty or allow him to decide with any team in the league, March 12th.


March 12th. If he decide to continue, given that Aaron Rogers made an effort to fly back to discuss his future, all signs point to him to continue to play. It just won't be with the Jet Ocho Raiders need a quarterback. The healers could potentially need a quarterback Saint could potentially need a quarterback. Cleveland could potentially need a quarterback. The question is, does any of those places sound appealing or does Aaron Rogers walk up into the sunset? I don't, I don't think he walks off into the sun, into the sunset. The fact that he even flew back in New Jersey to take that meeting to see about his future as far as, you know, playing with the Jessica concern. It doesn't happen. Alright, Steelers, you can take that out the equation because what's not gonna happen is you're not gonna come here with the attitude that you have and that at that organization where Mike Tomlin, that that ain't happening and saying you're not coming to, you're not coming to mini camp, you're not coming to tra training, whatever, whatever it might be.


Taking retreats and doing all that, saying some of the stuff you say through the media, it's not happening. What other team do you say? You said the Saints, saints, Steelers, state Rider. Steelers. No, Browns. Raiders. Raiders, okay. Raiders. Raiders is a good one. Raiders. Raiders is a good one. You know, he'll be back, he'll be back on on his end where he is from, not too far from where he is from. You know, Vegas is a skip and a skip and a hop right away from California Saints. I'm, I'm trying to think. Crystal Lave out and Ka Shahe. Rashe Shaheed. I, I, I like, I like, I like the Saints.


I think I like Aaron Rogers and the Saints Browns. Is he better than what Derek Carr? Is he better than what they have right now at Derek Carr? I mean, you, you never know you have Right. You have him a year removed from his, from his kins injury. You got him too now. Two, two years. Excuse me, two years with Mr. Kitty. Andrew. Let me see. You said the Browns? Yeah, I think J Jerry, Julie would like that. David and Joe would like that. Nick Chu would like that. I'm not sure how the fans would feel about it.


Chad, what y'all think? What what y'all think Henry? I I mean that's, that's, I mean that's the only places I could think I'm trying to, you know, rack my brain. The Broncos have their quarterback, the Chargers have their quarterback, obviously Mahomes, the Kansas City is entrenched. You go to the north, the Ravens have their quarterback, the Bengals have their quarterback. So maybe the Steelers, the Browns, you go to the a FC South, right? Richardson is there. Tennessee Levies, but they have the number one pick. Are they gonna take a quarterback? No. So that's gonna be, so for me, Ocho, I I, hold on.


I just think the thing he have to make a decision, bro. Are you gonna be serious about this? Because I don't, I don't know. I don't know how, you know, not showing up and, and oh man. Mandatory means, you know, to mandatory means different things. No, that's mandatory. Doesn't mean different things to different people. Mandatory means exactly what it is required. What what about this chat, chat, check what y'all think about this. He goes from New Jersey, New York to the big Apple, New York. The Giants need a quarterback as well. What do you think? That's a possibility. You know, that's it. They look, but I I'm sure they're gonna be looking because here's the thing, it's only temporary. Yeah.


It's like, just like that little tower you put that little donut on right now, that's not minted for you to drive around for months and months. Yeah. It's gonna get you where you need to go though. Get your ass to the, it's gonna get your ass to the, the shop. Oh, these two As and Jordan in my room, man, gimme the life off. See, they done got they done in here ass over here. I don't know why I lied to come in my room. Oh man, Ocho Yeah. Lord have mercy. Wow.


Jerry Jones says he's shocked the Cowboys aren't playing in the Super Bowl. This is a shocker to not to be here. Ocho not to have the Cowboys here. Jerry says, I was also shocked because they made Dak the high faith player in NFL history. Had he not known, had he known that he definitely wouldn't have paid Dak blah, blah, blah. I'm just saying what the man said. That's what he say. I ain't said, he said, I just read what he say. Why, why, why, why, why, why did Jerry keep, you know, I know, I know because sometimes people say I'm annoying, you know, at times. And, and I, I know I can be, but Jerry got me b you know, I'm really not delusional with some of the things that I, I feel and say, I say things in a joking manner.


I think Jerry truly believes this. I think he truly does. I don't think it's an act. I'm shocked that we're not What are, what are what, what are we talking about? That's true. You know, I, I don't listen. I, I love, I love the Cowboys. I'll say it again. I love the Cowboys. I love the, I love the fans. I love the players that are part of the Cowboys. And they just have one issue. There's one common denominator that has always been in the way why they haven't been able to, you know, succeed or have success in a very, very long time. It, it, I I don't, I don't know what else I can say that hasn't already been said.


He shocked. Yeah. You not shocked. So lemme ask you a question. So is this the most shock you've been in since you last played in the Super Bowl? Or was it when you had those 10, 11 Pro Bowl players? Were you just as shocked when you end up getting upset at home by the Giants? Were you as in shock or when you had Dak and y'all was 13 and three and you lost in the first round? Or what about last year when GreenLake blew the doors off you? So I'm just trying to, I'm trying to understand Ocho the level of sharpness in which he shocked. Is this the highest of Shock Tivity? Oh, that's a good one. I like that. The highest of Shock Tivity. I like that. I'm just trying to figure out, because who had the Cowboys?


Y'all can't stop the run Jerry. You cannot stop the run. Y'all gave up 40 plus points to a team that only won like four games. The Saints, everybody just ran the ball down your throat and then your headphones hold. You would've come and gave you say, we ain't out of a yet. Y'all was out of it. Get did outta it. Y'all delusional. And unfortunately, guess what the problem is Now the fans see like, I ain't finna be delusional anymore. Right? We suck. Let those fla be delusional and they should. The players should be delusional. They should believe that they have an opportunity to win.


Sterling and Shannon Sharp are the first two brothers in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, like when when you send it, yeah. You're just like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


He's at honors right now, but he's coming over. As soon as he gets done with his his, he is gonna come over. Wow. It's been the hardest thing that I've ever had to do to sit on this news because it means so much for my family, for him. It's been a long way. It's been a lot of prayers, it's been a lot of tears. And finally, and I remember having a conversation with him over the last couple of weeks. I said, you know, we're gonna be a trivia question One day, the first two brothers that's in elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, Sterling and Shannon Shark. What the, wow. What a beautiful Whoa, whoa.


Hold on, hold on, man. You know we can't start no show without no prayer. Okay? Okay. Hey y'all do me a favor. Link hands with the person closest to you for me, please. Hey y'all. Do y'all doing too much talking before the prayer now, Man, they gotta get right. Lemme know. Lemme know. Y'all ready? All right. By by your head now and repeat after me. All right. Dear God, dear God, thank you. Thank you for all of us being here. For all of us being here, being able to see 2025. See 2025. Allow the rest of the year. Allow the rest of the year to be fruitful.


Be truthful. Bless, bless it. Let tonight show. Let tonight show. Be one to remember. One to remember. To my people in New Orleans, to my people in New Orleans. I fucking love you. I fucking love him. Amen. Hey, I hope I just have a question before we, before we start, if cursing offends anyone, I do not fucking apologize. Thank you again for the Southern University Human Jew box. They are incredible.


If anyone wants to donate to the bands foundation, the link is pinned at the top of the chat. I am going to be the first one to donate. I am going to give 25,000 outta my own pocket. Oh, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. We go. I gonna spend up that Boost Money Mobile I that buddy that Boost Mobile money. I'm gonna spend it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So if, if you donating 25, right? Yeah. So I got the match. What you doing? Huh? You gotta match it. I do. You ain't got to. I mean, but I should. You probably, should. You make Rail Match your tip donation. You got mad and rail. I saw what re talking about. Oh, you got rail, you gotta donate, you gotta tip five 1500.


Right, right. Okay. You gotta match. Well, shit, I'm ama I'm, I'm a give 25,000 too bitch. There you. So Southern University Human Jukebox. You got 50,000 coming from UNC and ocho. Hello New Orleans. Thank you you. For everyone that's here in person and watching at home, thank you to all our sponsors. Boost Mobile Row and homes.com. Thank you. Make sure you check out the merch table that's located upstairs. We got Super Bowl shirts, hoodies, and hats. Make sure you stop by your way. Stop by on your way in for out.


This Nightcap episode is brought to you by Boost Mobile. That is your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com and join their nationwide 5G networks today. And now it's time for News Cap presented by Boost Mobile. We gotta start off with the great news. The 2025 Pro Football Hall of Class Hall of Fame class announced former Minnesota Vikings, chief Bear in Panthers, defensive end Jared Allen. Oh, former Saints, Eagles, Raiders cornerback, Eric Allen, former Chargers tied in my boy Antonio Gates. And last but not least, my hero. My role model Sterling Shark.


Oh, Joe. Yeah. This is a really, really small class. This is the first time I can't remember a time when they put so few in. Yes sir. There are a lot of, I mean, I thought, I think people thought Eli would be a first ballot, right? Luke Keekley would be a first ballot. There are some guys that a lot of people thought, it seems like to me the, the committee went back and says, hold on. We putting guys in a lot of guys in the first ballot that's supposed to be for rare, rare rarefied air. Most definitely. I mean, guys, I mean, you know, look guys like a Lawrence Taylor and, and I told, I was talking to some voters last night. I'm like, why are y'all waiting to put Tom Brady in?


What's the discussion? Right? Some guys are, are, are, are worthy of not even being discussed. Right. But a class of four, that's a rarity. Ocho I mean it is, it is rare. But what you under, what, what the committee has to understand is the Hall of Fame is for an elite class of players. Yes. You know, and then you think about some of the people that aren't getting in. They didn't play long enough. The resume isn't what it should be. And if you look at the, the landscape of what's been going in, sometimes they don't really meet the requirements. Yeah. You know, it, it, it more so looks like who you know and based on relationships, some people getting in ain't supposed to be there. It seems like they, the committee definitely taking a step back and making say, let's make sure we evaluate this thing properly and make sure we putting the right people in.


Cleveland Brown Star Divis defensive mayor Miles Garrett have expressed its openness to exploring an opportunities with another team, including the Philadelphia Eagles Garrett, who's been a cornerstone of the Browns defense since being drafted first overall in 2017, has reportedly requested a trade citing a desire to compete for championships as the primary motivation. When asked about the possibility of joining the Eagles, Garrett responded enthusiastically stating Philadelphia, who in the hell wouldn't wanna be in that destination? This is fuel speculation about the potential to bolster the Eagle's pass rush. Especially considering they need to rejuvenate the defensive front Ocho. Do you see the Eagles giving up the draft capital and potential assets to draft to get Miles Gar?


Listen, the way Harry Roseman and Jeffrey Lu have been doing things and doing everything the right way, very strategically and methodically and building the team that they have, drafting well and making the right key off season acquisitions. I could see doing it. I, I could see I could see him doing it, but also it, it dem wouldn't be fair with what they have. Yeah, it would. You got Miles Garrett. Yeah. You got Jalen Carter. Yes. You got Jordan Davis. Then you got Sayquan coming back. Yes. You got AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, an Jake. That it, that ain't fair. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay. This is what is gonna require you to get Miles. Garrett. What I'm gonna need Mitchell, your number one corner, I'm gonna need Devonte Smith, your number one wide receiver.


I'm gonna need two first rounders and a third. Jesus Christ. Hey, think about, hold on, hold on. Y'all said no, think about what the Phil, what Seattle got for Russell Wilson. Two first a second, a third. No a fan. Your starting quarterback and the starting defensive lineman. What y'all, what y'all think And Russell, do y'all believe Russell is a better player than Miles Garrett? No. So y'all making, y'all making the trade you're getting rid of? See they said no. They, they said no. I've gotta, I've gotta get, so I look, I've gotta get, I gotta get something. I want a number one corner.


The parent with Zel. That, that was robbery. What you just said though, that's robbery. Do you believe you get, you're getting the pre a Premier Edge rusher that's under the age of 30. But look what you just asked for. Keon Mitchell. You think I Devonte Smith? Who you think up the Dallas man first you give you Luca for free. You can get something, but not what you just asked for. Okay, well I, I'ma go on somewhere else. Hey Detroit, what y'all got? What about Jameson Williams? No. What about Jack Campbell? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Nobody, nobody else is tearing their team apart.


Especially teams that were in contention. You still got Laporta, you still got Almond Raw. You still got the two headed monster in the back field. See then you, then you lose Jameson Williams. You ain't got nobody to take the top off the coverage. Well, you need somebody to stop the coverage or for the other opposing team. Did you see what Jayden Daniels did when he went in there? Okay. You right, you right. I I think it's gonna look, it's not gonna just be draft capital. I'm gonna need starting assets. I'm gonna need something that I can plug and play and I can make a difference right now. Yes. Yes. Because you getting a difference maker. The guy was defensive player of the year last year. He was on the ballot again this year. This year. So you're getting a premier guy. This the last four seasons. He's had at least 14 sacks. He's had double digit sacks six of the last seven years.


I gotta get something for it. Those guys don't grow on trees. I don't see the defensive end position. Similar to the quarterback position. The quarterback position always has the ball in their hand right now. I know a defensive end, a very good one. Like Miles Garrett can change the dynamic of a game at any point, but I just, I don't see them commanding and taking the game over the way a quarterback can. Miles Garrett, Jalen Carter, Zach Broun. Jordan Davis. Yeah, but what you, what you just asked for, for Miles Garrett is robbery with no mask. Nolan Smith Jr. No. Nicole Dean. No. No. I keep my squad together. 'cause my squad I got right now we the Super Bowl. Okay, well don't worry about it.


I'll take him somewhere. So I shop him somewhere else since you didn't want him. I offered. You didn't want him. Hold on. Josh Allen won MVP. How, what'd he say this? Say Josh, Helen won MVP. What? Hold on. Huh? Hold on, hold on. Time out. Chad. Chad, help me out. How can he be the MVP and not the All Pro quarterback? You remember I told you, y'all remember it happened to LeBron, LeBron didn't win Defensive player of the year and, and, and gal, Martin Gal. Right. The second team. All defense. And he won. Defensive player of the year.


Huh? Wait, are y'all sure? I'm shocked. I'm shocked. They look at your phone. Look at your phone. I ain't got my phone. You got your phone. You said he got it right there. Nah, that's bullshit. Hell no. Ocho Ah, that's bullshit. I'm shocked. That's crazy. We talked about this. I said Ocho I don't know how I, I'm I'm trying to figure, I I'm trying to wrap my mind around, because here's the thing guys.


These are the same 50 men and women that voted for the AllPro team. So how do you not vote? Josh Allen, the first team AllPro quarterback, but you voted him MVP It makes no sense. It makes no sense at all. And it and it and it, it's in a, not a testament, but the games that they play. Yeah. They pick and choose who they want, who they want regards to the accolades regards to your resume and the numbers. The numbers speak for themselves based on what Lamar's done. And I'm not saying look, had had Josh Allen was first team all pro Ocho. I don't think we have a disagreement. Right, right, right. Said Ocho, he was first team all pro. The only thing I was certain of and I said Ocho something unless something funny goes on the first team, all pro quarterback is normally the MVP or the first team all pro.


I mean, think about it. Hold on. Is it, is this, the first time this happened was someone that wasn't an all pro but got won the MVPs? Yes, because some, hold on sometime. No, not for the quarterback. Not for the quarterback. Okay. That'd be the equivalent. Derrick Henry is second team all pro running back, but he wins off as player of the year. People are like, how I'm saying, how they wanted to give Josh something. They wanted to give him something. Hey, this ain't no handout. We don't do no handouts here. Say they, they don't do no handouts in the NFL, but they just handed them an MVP. I'm shocked. I I, I'm shocked. Ocho, I'm, I'm, I didn't, that don't make no sense. Somebody said DEI.


That's, that's a good one. DEI, that's a good one. Yep. It's true. We just got on the nose. Josh Allen won the MVP. That's crazy. I, you know what? I can't wait to get some of the people that's gonna come in here. Yeah. That was at that, right. I wonder what the fans, I know Twitter is going bonkers because they, because for the most part, everybody thought it was a foregone conclusion that Lamar was get back to back a three time MVP. Yeah, but I, I, I, I'm not the only one. Kevin O'Connell won Coach of the Year. No surprise there. Right, right, right. Minnesota Vikings, what he was able to do, lose his quarterback. 50. What was a 50 14 and three, three out outstanding record.


Sam Donnell had a good year. Have no surprise there, but I am, man, I am shocked. I'm beyond shocked. I'm, you know what? I'm, you know what? I'm not even shocked, but that's just how the machine works. Damn. That's how the machine work. They pick and choose. Well, they, they, they, well, they chose him. Yeah. I don't know. Hey, I don't know who doing the picking and the choosing, but they chose him. I could tell you who doing the picking and the choosing The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info. Perfect. For parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows The home best is homes shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night, and after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen.


Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, $1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy, athletes first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola and Jordan Love.


Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everyone? Julie Stewart Banks here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.