
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at to discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply C app for details.


Right now get up to 25% off select online storage solutions. Put heavy duty HDX totes to good use, protecting what's important to you. This solid impact resistant design prevents cracking and the clear base and sides. Make items easy to find even when the totes are stacked. Find select online shelving and tote storage up to 25% off at The Home Depot. To organize every room in your home from your garage to your attic, visit home depot.com. How doers Get more done.


The Volume NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player to score six. Go to draft King sports but app make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf's Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite Up. Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to sincerely thank you o Ocho and I and Team Nightcap for all your continued support. We really, really do appreciate it because without you, there can be no us. Make sure you go check our Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock and let's celebrate 2020 Five's gonna be a great year.


What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shaa by La Porter? Now if you can't find it, any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door and you'll have it just in time to celebrate. Let's make 2025 the best year yet. And please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Another thing, I don't know if you watched it tonight, hopefully you did. Humble Baddies had their first live episode. It's on YouTube. Make sure you go check it out. Some interesting they got OCHO in there trying to hog up. He tried to be Suge Knight, trying to dominate humble baggage all in the background, all dancing, doing all doing so much, which was totally unnecessary.


But you know what? He proud of his baby and we are too. Congratulations re and the Humble Baddies crew tonight and you can catch them. They, they had their first live show tonight, so hopefully you guys enjoyed that. The Covid Company 84 that did stuff like this and UNC and OCHO ts. We came out with a new line last month. T-shirts, sweats, Bennys, coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for this first Super Bowl stop show is our tour's First Spring tour stop and the tickets are on sale now. The link is pen at the top of the chat. The VIP meet and greet.


Unfortunately, those tickets are sold out, but there's still plenty of tickets left available February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. We've got some big guests coming up and next week I think we're gonna release some of the list of guests that we do have coming on for that episode. So guys, I promise you you're not gonna wanna miss this. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe have been nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap has been nominated, outstanding podcast, arts, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcasts, society and culture. Please go vote for UNC and OCHO myself also at Club Shehe.


The link is pinned in our social bios. Before we get into it, OCHO and I, I'm ecstatic to announce we have a new title sponsor. I don't know if you guys can see the sign back there now. It is Nightcap sponsored by Bruce Mobil and this is the Boost Mobile Studio. Thank you Boost for your belief in ocho and I Thank you Bruce. Nike. Y'all gonna clean this issue up too. I just want y'all to know. Yeah, I am glad, I hope, I hope it blow up in your face. Is y'all gonna clean this issue up?


I knew y'all was playing this. Lord, if y'all done got this issue, all but drink, Drink it and just confetti drink it. See that me doing too much in here y'all. Congratulations. Madcalf brought to you by Booze Mobile. Visit your nearest booze mobile store or booze mobile.com to join the nationwide 5G network today. Ocho where your sign? Huh? Where your sign? My sign. I'm a cap. I'm a Capricorn. I tell you what, you better not f this up. 'cause we were supposed, we waited till this day to put the signs up and to make the announcement and hold on.


Now when you go, when you go to the airport, you always tweeting out or ig Who wanna pick that boy up from the airport? Right? Pass somebody come in there and hang that up on the wall. Oh, you talking about the Boost mo sign? Yeah. Oh, it's, it is right here. Okay. Hand sign ain't on the wall Because I had a dude, I had a dude that was gonna hang it up for me. Right. But I asked him how much, how much I gonna charge me? Ain't talking about two 50. I say, God damn 2050 I ain't sign off. I said I'll do it myself, but I ain't have Well Clearly you ain't do it yourself. Hold on.


Matter of fact, I'm gonna do it right now while we lie. Hold on. I tell you what, you better not cost us this deal or we gonna fight for real dabbed at 5,200. You don't wanna Yeah, I do. Hey, listen, you up this deal up? Yes I do. We gonna fight every day. Hold On. You gonna get your ass whoop buried day Then. That's okay. I bet I bring your family together. When the last time all the kids saw each other? Yeah, all the time. Every holiday. Okay. And, and, and and Chauncey. Yeah, This man.


Hear y'all Family be chat. Hold on. I got turn the light on. Oh, there we go. You don't know what the hell you doing. Uhoh Mercy crooked Man. Cindy signed down before you break it. And I hope, I hope Boo Mobile not watching tonight because we both supposed to have the signs up and effort around with you. Man. I'm gonna just do the show like this. Go ahead Please.


Just Chad. Y'all see y'all see what I'm talking about Chad? Lord have mercy. Hey Listen, I'ma, i'ma do, I'ma do, I'm gonna do the show. Gonna do show like this. Come on, let's go. Oh, we ask Ocho Ocho pick Ocho. They gave us two weeks. You had to sign ocho. Hey, I ain't, I been out of town. I just got here last night Ocho, when you thought I got here When you got there Till this morning. I know, but you got a team of people. Remember my, my assistant left me, she done me two months ago. No, no. Call people like when you need the airport, you don't wanna pay for Uber.


Call you cheat. Yeah. All you gotta do is go on Twitter, go on IG and say who want to hang a sign. But see, no, you, you don't have strangers. Just come to your house now. That's how you get. Oh, you jump into a strangers car. What the hell? What they gonna do to me in the car when they come to my house? They could do something to me. They could rob me. They could do something to your ass in the car. Not True. I don't know if you ever heard, I don't know, maybe that's not a thing now, but hitchhiking, have you ever heard of the, the co-ed? Nah. Edmund Kemper. When you get an opportunity Google it. Okay, well we gonna do Henry Lee Lucas, when you get off Jet, Google it. Right? Field up Bundy, Google it.


Arthur Shawcross, Google it. Hey, everybody you just named, I beat they ass too. Okay, Man is bad Here. All we asking, boo. Thank you so much. You, we are greatly, greatly appreciative of this opportunity to represent your company. Thank you Boo. For you to, for you to believe in Ocho and I and the entire family at Nightcap. We greatly, greatly appreciate this opportunity. Ocho this is a, this was a long time coming. Yes, sir. All of our hard work is starting to pay off. Yeah. And this is what I, and this is what I told you, Ocho. Yeah. Let's not worry about what they say. Right? Let's worry about what we do.


Yes, sir. This is the, this is the first of many blessings. Yeah, But see, you know, my grandmother said, boy, sometimes you gotta be prepared to receive a blessing. Come on. That This is this. What we're receiving is that this is what we work for since 23. When we came, when I called you and I said, Hey Ocho Doug, get Ocho. You say, oh, I don't, don't tell me nothing else. If you gonna be a part of it, I wanna be a part of it because I trust you. I'm with you. I'm with you till the wheels fall off and they, they ain't gonna fall off. We gonna keep Up. No, nah, no. We got run flats.


So again, boost Mobile. Thank you so much. So now Nightcap has a presenting sponsor, boost Mo. So Nightcap, you'll hear us address at Nightcap sponsored by Boost Mobile and welcome to the Boost Mobile Studio. Thank you. Boost Mobile. Oh Lord have mercy. Angie, you pop that in mobile more time. I'm gonna throw your ass out. The y'all gonna clean this issue up. Hey. Hey uncle. Hey. I, I I appreciate who's Mo, but, but this shit heavy boy. Yeah. It's supposed to be on the wall. Yeah. My wall. Yeah.


I'm I'm I'm gonna call a man. I'm gonna call a man tomorrow. You gonna have to hang this up. What it, what it what? This thing. Heavy boy. I've been in the race. Yes. But let's get into it. But thank you. Boost Mobile, Nike sponsor you by B Boost Mobile and welcome to the Boost Mobile Studio. OCHO has this signed Boost Mobile. So we have two studios that we will shoot from. I'm so excited about this opportunity. Thank you so much again. Boost Mobile and let's get into the store. I mean the, let's get into the show. Ocho, the Cowboys push to hire Brian Schottenheimer was Stephen Jones. Idea sources inside the star is that Jerry is butting heads with his son Steven on Schottenheimer.


Jerry would like to make a push for Coach Pride, but Steven is all in on Brian Schottenheimer Ocho What is the problem with Coach Pride? Hey, I think, Hey, I, I don't listen. Don't you know, and I know I don't, I don't think it would, Jerry actually signing Prime, I think would be the worst decision he could make. I would love Prime to be the coach of the Dallas Cowboys, but I understand the issues that Jerry would have with someone like Deon Sanders coming there and not allowing Prime to have full control of everything.


Allowing him to pick his staff, allowing him to, to, to, to, to be the coast that he needs to be for him to have the success that he needs to have. And obviously Jerry also wanted to be center of attention when that's not going to happen. Once Deon Sanders walks through that building, the limelight, the tension is all going to go to him. And I think Jerry going to resent that. He had an issue with it. Like you told me. Obviously I wasn't aware of it when Jimmy Johnson was the coach of Dallas Cowboys and they were winning. And he and Jerry, not Jerry, Jimmy Johnson was getting all the credit and Jerry wasn't. The same thing is going to happen with Dion Sanders. If he walks into Jerry's world times 10, matter of fact, times 20, it's gonna be even worse.


So I don't see it as a good fit. And also, I don't like the, I don't like Prime being there as a cowboy, even though he played for the Cowboys. It just, I, I just don't like it. Don't, I just don't like that Him and Jerry will, they, they, they're gonna, they're gonna butt heads it. It just, can I, not a good match. Can I give you, can I give you my honest opinion? Yes, sir. I believe it's all a smokescreen. I don't believe Jerry wanna hammer a coach. Prime off. Anyway, this is a, this is the way to get around the Minno, the the Rooney. Oh, we were serious about hiring, because remember I see they brought, they brought Eddie George in to Chicago. Remember they brought two coaches. They brought Ry Lewi. Right? They brought s David Shaw, they brought a couple of into new, into New England and everybody said, man, that was a FARs.


Y'all had no intentions whatsoever. Me personally, and I could be wrong. Yeah. And I hope I'm wrong. Just spoke to Coach Pry today about something else. Didn't mention anything about that. But I don't believe Jerry Jones is serious because he's never been serious about how, so now all of a sudden he's gonna be serious. Yeah. Like they haven't ever been competent black coaches that was qualified, be it a, albeit they're a whole lot of ocs. I mean, I can't think of maybe one really black OC that's to help Hamilton. Right? Chad, if you could help me out and say there's more, more times than not, they're on the defensive side of the football. Right. With that being said, Jerry has never shown a propensity or particularly like, oh, you know, he tried Marvin Lewis in there when he had no, no, no inclination of hiring him to give Marvin that job.


And so I believe this is a smoke screen. 'cause like, look, hey, he was serious because everybody knows the best. 'cause think about it. They brought Air Georgia on Saturday, what you call him lose on a Saturday. And, and, and, and, and Ben Johnson got the job on a Monday. Yeah. Lets, you know, there was, it wasn't serious. Yeah. Same. Same. The same thing with New England. They tro all these black coaches in there. And, and look, Chad, and I want y'all to understand, I don't have a problem. I'm not saying when you spend that kind of money for a franchise, that someone should tell you who you can and can't hire. Right? But I'm saying some of the criteria that you've used in which you've said, I want a guy that did X, Y, and Z and that was one of the reasons why you didn't hire a black candidate.


Right? You disregard that when it comes to a white candidate. So that's all I'm saying. It is your team. I'm not saying you should or you shouldn't, but I'm saying just hold the standard the same. If you are looking for somebody on the defensive side that had previous head coaching experience, let's do that. If you're looking for somebody to be your head coach that had any coaching experience, right? Let's go with that. But this notion that you switch it up according to who the candidate is, that's where you lose me.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free, overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


The New year means new health goals, not just for your body but your finances too. But did you know financial health is directly related to identity protection? You need LifeLock because your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLocks US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your subscription money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are, spend two hours talking about the games and we'll, in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bring back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room W.com made it crazy affordable to replace our rolled blinds. Hard To install. No, it's easy. Even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look at You. A Hall of Fame sun. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh, blinds.com is the goat, the Goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 45% off select styles plus a professional measure and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 45 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


The funny thing about it is for those of you in the chat on myself and then people that have, have, have watched the game of football throughout the years, the fact that we even have to have a Rooney Rule in itself in 2025 tells you all you need to know. It tells you all you need to know. Obviously we as minorities don't get the coaching positions that we want as far as being the leader, the leader of young men being in positions of power, being able to lead team because they don't view us as as, as candidates for that position. They love to see us as offensive coordinators. They love to see us as defensive coordinators. And that's just the way it's been.


It's the way it's been for a very long time. Now, there are coaches that have been in fortunate situations like Mike, Mike Tolin, Marvin Lewis had had his tenure obviously in Cincinnati for 16, 17 years for that matter. But the fact that we have to have a wounding move in place, it just lets you know that they really don't see us in those type of positions. Yeah. They just don't. And still to this day because they're doing it right up under our nose, blatantly as possible. And you, you can see it clear as day. And you know what, we're gonna check the boxes. We don't really wanna hire 'em. What we're gonna do because we have to follow the rules. Correct. Check the boxes, bring 'em in for an interview.


Really have no intention on hiring them just to say, look, we tried. Now, I never thought of the scenario that you just came up with when in being smoking mirrors when Jerry just mentioned the prime. Well we, we knew what it was with Marvin Lewis going in. Right. Knew what it was with Eddie George going in. But now that you said the whole thing with Prime, but being smoke and mirrors, just, you know, I really don't wanna do it because he under Yeah. He understands what would happen if Prime as to walking that door and walking that building. But for me, I, you know, I in the chat talking about with Shannon, you didn't hire all black. No, I don't think you should hire any all of one thing. But if you go look at Shannon, you look at the people that's on Shannon Shark's payroll, there's a very diverse group.


There's men, women, there's black, white, Latino, I don't know, preference. I don't ask them or or what's your orientation? 'cause I don't give a damn. Can you do the job? I don't care if you sleep with a goat. Hey. And when it come to, hey bring, bring your significant other to work, bring your ass or bring her ass to work as long as you do the job. That's all I care about. Right. I don't care about anything else Long. As long as you respect, hey, we work together this 23, 24 employees that we have. As long as y'all respect each other and y'all, y'all respect me, we good, good. But you never gonna say, I don't have a diverse group because I got a very, very diverse group. Right.


Black, white, Latino women, men, I don't know if it's straight. I don't know if they're straight out and I don't give a damn about anything about that. But I know when I look at 'em, I know what I see. And I'm very proud of what we've been able to do. Not only at Club Shehe, but at, but not only at Nightcap, but Club Shehe also. So we good on that. Yeah. I'm not saying, see y'all, you, you, here's the thing. Sometimes just close your mouth and open your ears. I'm not saying I hire who I believe is the most qualified. Right. Black, white, Latino, Asian man, woman. I don't have stipulations.


Like, okay, if it's a man, he needs to have these qualifications. If it's a woman, you need to have this qualifications. When we open up a job, we're going to have the most qualified who we believe that's gonna be able to do the best job. They might have one year experience, they might not be experienced at all, but they have a great understanding of social media digitally. That's what we're going for. I think my record speaks for itself. Yes. As a matter of fact, Ocho one of our employees is a quadriplegic. Not no handout. He does his job. Yeah. Another one we reached, we got her out there, got her on social media.


I'm like, you got all these damn classy. You got all these classy comebacks and you always commenting, you want a job. I don't believe in handout, but I will extend my hand and help you, allow you to pull yourself up. So that's where we are right now. Like I said, I don't have a pro ocho I don't have a problem. And I've been, I've been very, very clear when it comes to these o owners in these organizations, you spend a billion dollars, you spend 3, 4, 5, $6 billion. I don't believe anybody should say hire him because he's black. Hire her because he's a woman.


I believe you should hire the most qualified. Right. A lot of times Ocho, we feel comfortable with the circles that we travel in. When you are around a bunch of guys, a bunch of white guys, you feel comfortable with those people when you are around a bunch of women, you feel comfortable with those people. And plus ocho, a lot of times, you know, in our group we talk and are friends with people that look like us, that talk like us, that think like us. Yeah. It takes something special for you to get outside of that and to see. Okay. Because if everybody just did the status quo, if I just hired black people or if somebody just hired white people, well damn we back in the sixties.


Yeah. Yeah. And I don't think, I don't think that's, I don't think, me personally, I don't think that's good. I'm always gonna be for qualifications and a, a part of my, that's why, that's why I like sports because once you, I mean, it used to be that, and I used to be a, the coach's son got an opportunity to play. But winning has become so pro ve prevalent is that that's what we, that's what we do. Right. I don't give a damn what color you is. You see what they got in the, the final four. How many black quarterbacks we got Ocho my homeboy, black Jaylen hurt Black Jayden Daniels Black. Three of the four. Yeah. 15 years ago, 20 years ago.


That was unheard of. Yeah. How many, many black quarterbacks started the season? You see what happens when you give somebody an opportunity, excuse me. They wasn't even give, giving them opportunities. You don't know what a person can or can't do if you don't give 'em an opportunity. Nah. You know, Hey, you can't think on your feet. You can't process information. Yeah. They, they, They did. I'm gonna give you an opportunity. It just wasn't long ago. They did the same thing to Lamar. Yes. They tried to turn the man, they tried to turn the man into a running back. It's all, it's all about paying attention to the undertone. Pay attention to the undertone. Why would you want 'em to play running back? Why would you want to switch the receiver?


'cause in college he played quarterback and then played it very goddamn well now all of a sudden making the transition into the NFL. Now we want you to, how about you try out the running back position? Boy, you love being on tv. You don you, you done, you done hooked on this. What's, what's Up Twin? You know, let let him let him Get his you it, you shine, you love Pain. They didn't get a shot. Y See bro, I know. I just got back and I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What? I can't get you and talk. I'm gonna get you your own talk show. Okay? You talk about pants and talk about how you go on walks. How you, you in the backyard, you'd be running, you'd be standing on the fence looking at the ne in the neighbor's backyard being nosy.


I Didn't be Googling show Ti Ocho, But no, that's just me. Ocho like I said, I could be totally our base. Right. And if I'm wrong, Lord forgive me, but honestly based on Jerry Jones' history and his, his, his, his words, what am I supposed to do with that? Finna hide none of these folk, man, I see. Better than I hear. Yeah. Yeah. It, they'll, they'll say, they'll say a dream man. Yeah. But it's gonna, it's gonna, it's gonna be really interesting to see Brian s Schottenheimer. He's, look, I I played against his daddy for a Nu and daddy for a number of years.


One year he was my, he was my coach at the Pro Bowl. So I have nothing but respect for that family. But wasn't Brian Schottenheimer? Oh, see, one time in Dallas, if I'm not mistaken. He might have been the o was he the OC on the McCarthy? Okay. He's the, he's the, he's the, he was the, oh, he's the current OC Ocho. Yeah. For me, I thought it was ke and think about it, I thought it was always Kelly Moore's job to lose lose.


It's, it's funny, Kel showed liked running the ball in, in Philly. Yeah. Yeah. Or somebody that said, Hey, the reason why they fired him was because he didn't run the ball enough and he threw the ball too much. Yeah. Well you also gotta, you, you also gotta understand, look who you gotta work with over there in Philly. You know, so it's it is, it is, it is kind of different. Dallas doesn't have a Saquon. I'm not saying they were anything. Was it how you expect him to run the ball with what he had? He had Zeke, you saw Zeke was running like he was pulling the plow for the last three, four years. Three Tony, Tony Pollen leave. He gets Carries. He goes to Tennessee, gets him a band.


Yeah. Now they found the do they got a little Jim and, and Rico Ell Dole. They didn't like I like him. He came on strong playing really, really well. But would you have rather have Rico or would you have rather had Derrick Henry? Hmm. Oh, would Derrick, it's hard for me to believe that if Derrick Henry got 1300 yards, 1400 yards with Tan Hill and those quarterbacks and Will Levis, you think he don't think he could do that with d Are you telling me Dak is not better than Will Levies? He is not better than Willis. Yep. He would've got it. But Jerry, of course he would've.


Jerry, Jerry seen, he had the money. Look at the free agents, look at the free agents. They bought in minimum contracts stuff they could easily get rid of. Right. You not winning like that. Ocho you might find a guy, you get a guy on a minimum contract and he outplays that contract. But when you play Guy Pay guys like that, you normally going to get that. So this all in notion that Jerry talking about, oh, I'm going all in. Jerry was never all in. He was never, he just, he just, he just got y'all food. But he is gonna have to break bread. Michael's come, Michael Parks Parson's going to command a big contract and rightfully so. He's been to the Pro Bowl every year.


He's been a couple of times All pro what, three times? I think three time. All pro, first team, all pro two or three times. He was defensive rookie of the year. So his resume speaks for itself and he commands a big dollar. But that's me personally, I, I don't think Jerry's serious, I don't think Jerry's serious about hiring Coach Prime. Because Coach Prime, first of all, if, if Colorado had did what they were supposed to do, coach Prime wouldn't even entertaining this. Y'all need to go and break bread now use one in 11. And the man done flipped it around with what? Four and whatever the case was, and then nine in four and then went to a bowl game.


Y'all gotta go in and break your ball now. Make make the money Right. Make the money. Right. Y'all what you got in for? You gonna probably have to double that. Yeah. I don't know what the numbers are. I don't know how much Coach Prime is making, like I said, we don't talk about that. We talk about a lot of others day, a whole lot of foolishness. But with that being said, hey, he's clearly shown himself to be a top level coach and you're gonna have to pay him accordingly. Yeah. Listen, the proof is in the pudding and it ain't, it ain't, it ain't changing. It ain't spoiling in no time soon.


He wants to be there, but you gotta make it a situation where he doesn't wanna leave. Yeah, You got to. I mean, I, I understand that he loves, I mean, he's, he loves being in Boulder. He loved his, his ad Rick. Yeah. But at the end of the day, still football is a business. Still a business. I was just, I was just getting ready to say that it's still a business and you gotta pay me, you gotta pay me like I would, Hey, what do you think I'm gonna do moving forward? Okay. The one, the, the Ford and whatever season we had the nine in fourth season, right. We got a Heisman Trophy winner.


We had a quarterback that win, I think the Johnny United Award. I think that's what should do. Won. We went to a bowl game. Okay. Moving forward. Either you do or you don't think I'm worth a a certain number. Got Got two and the number's gonna have to start with a double digit Look, look what he's done for them as well. Forget the football. I mean, I understand the football part, but academically where everybody's, everybody had over 3.0, you know, so not only is Prime having them boys handle their business on the field, they handle their business in the classroom as well. Ocho in a crazy turn of events, the Jacksonville Jaguars are finalizing a deal to hire Bucks.


Offensive coordinator Liam Cohen, as their next head coach. The move comes after Cohen agreed to an extension with the Buccaneers and removed himself from the consideration for the Jags job. Cohen met with Jaguars on Thursday to discuss the vacancy, despite the news of his return to Tampa, which would have made him the highest paid coordinator in NFL history. Jacksonville reportedly reached out to co after the team fired Trent bulky to see if he would reconsider the offer. And after their talks, it appears Jacksonville has their guy. Well, I like it. I like it. And the fact that the fact that he chose to leave, even though the bucks were gonna make him the highest paid officer coordinator, you Know, they gonna make it by d he gonna make more than we were gonna make it a jags.


How, How you, how you feel. He gonna make at least $7 million with the Jags, the highest paid coordinator probably make him make $3 million. We remember we just talked about spac, NOLA making 3.5. I know that's, that's what I'm just saying. But if they, if they, if they're telling him to leave the job, they well we want you to re reconsider. Yes. I should allow him to reset the market on whatever it is. No, they're gonna ask him to re No, the Jags ask him to reconsider. Right. So they're gonna give him a head coaching job, which would probably be somewhere around 7 million. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers was only gonna give him 3 million, three $4 million. Okay. That's, yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No, I was just saying, so, okay, I had it backwards, but I knew he was leaving.


Right, Right. Yes, yes. To get, make more Jacksonville. Yes, yes, absolutely. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And look, and you're over everything. You're, you know, you're responsible. I mean, the head coach comes with a lot of responsibilities. Yes, you are. You're not, you are not responsible for one side of the ball. You are responsible for the whole ball. Yeah. Offense, defense, special teams. Right. Where we're gonna practice, what time we gonna meet. Okay. What's the, what's the, the training, you know what I'm saying as far as weight schedule. Okay. End your players. What time do they have to be there, be there, how long the meeting gonna last? Right? Last, what time are we gonna leave OCHO for road trips? Where are we gonna stay? All that goes on the head coaches.


Right. So congratulations. I mean, I hate for Baker because Baker had really under his guidance. Yep. He, he was Baker was, baker had, baker had looked like the baker that they took that the reason why they took it with the number one overall pick, I think in 2016. Yeah. The last two years. He showed you why. And a lot of that had to do, I believe had to do with Liam Cohen. Not to say Baker doesn't have talent because obviously you go first overall you got talent. But I think he had found someone that believed in him that had an offense that was really catered to what he does really well. He had nice quality receivers outside with Mike Evans. Even though Chris Godwin got hurt this year, the young guys had come along.


I love the running backs that they got. But I, I hate this, I hate this for Baker, but I'm excited for someone to get an opportunity to be a head coach because hey, last two years he's done a great job as an OC for Tampa and he's getting rewarded for his hard work. Right? Oh yeah. That's dope. So what do you think Ocho? You you like to move? Oh Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Listen, if he can do, if, if, if he can do, if he can do what he did for bak, imagine what we would do for trucker. Lawrence Baker Mayfield had Mike Evans. Now young, young bullets that stud over there in Jacksonville now Chad, Brian Thomas Jr.


Yeah, I don't Know, I don't know if y'all paid attention to Brian Thomas Jr. But he's a is a reason He's in the Pro Bowl. Yeah. There's a reason he's in the Pro Bowl. So that magic he had in Tampa with Baker and Mike Evans has always been Mike Evans. But I'm sure he can create that same magic between Trevor Lawrence and get him turned around. You know, after getting that huge mayday and Brian hit to JR. They go your security blanket right there. Yeah. They go your security blanket right there. Yeah. Traffic again. They go your security blanket right there. Bigsby, I think you probably need to do a little bit more with the offensive line shore that up. Yeah. I think they got a pretty good defense. Maybe look at, look at a corner. Look at a look. You gonna high draft pick?


You got a quarterback, you don't need a quarterback. I wouldn't spend a high draft pick on a wide receiver. I wouldn't spend a high draft pick on a tight end. I don't know if there's anyone that's worthy to be selected. Right. If they're an offensive lineman that's worthy of a pick that high. Probably not. Maybe a defensive lineman. Maybe a db. But yeah, you got Trevor Lawrence, you got Brian Thomas Jr. You got Evan Ingram, you got Tank Bigsby, you got Trevor at TNI mean yeah, at TN. So you got some nice quality pieces. But you gotta have to protect, you gonna have to protect Trav and he's gonna have to do a job of protecting himself. They, They have the number one pick, right?


No. Tennessee has the number one pick. Oh shoot. Okay. That means shado. The shado is gone first, then Jacksonville's at five. So lemme see. It's Shado probably go first. The Tennessee the second would be, I think Cleveland's at two Then Cam Ward would probably go two. And who in New England is three, right? No, Giants are three. New England's four Jacksonville's five. See that, that might, that might be a shocker right there too at three.


I'm, I'm, The question is, what would Tennessee be moving to move down is there's somebody that's in the draft that Tennessee says, we must bet we must have and we don't believe he'll be, he'll be available if we slide down to 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. That's the question, Ocho, because the question is, are Tennessee one player away OCHO or do you need multiple? Multiple. Okay, if I can slide down and get next year's first rounder, get a, maybe pick up a second or third this year and a second and third next year and in 27, maybe get a fourth. I think that's the, that's the best option because I don't think any of these teams are one player away.


Now obviously everybody's not gonna slide down, but if I can, if I can, if I can slide down OCHO right. And really, really, really build Right, I think I'd be willing to do that. I don't, I don't, I don't see anyone sliding down, especially for the players that that, that we have one that are slotted in the Mont drafts to go top five. I don't see any people coming out coming outta those. No. Should mock draft Ocho Shado Sanders one, Tennessee Abdul Carter, the Edge rusher out of Penn State. Two Cam Ward quarterback outta Miami, three Travis Hunter, the all purpose all do it all.


Wide receiver cornerback, new England, Mason Graham D line, Michigan Will Johnson, cornerback, Michigan Will Campbell offensive lineman, OT jets. Now this is just a mark. Obviously, clearly Tennessee needs a court now, you know, listen to them talk today. They's like, Hey, we are willing to bring Will Levits back, but kinda informed him that there's gonna be competition. Yeah. Well we, we know, we know what that means. And maybe that would be good a, a good thing for Will, maybe that'd be a good thing. Having someone that can help the, the, to force you to compete at a high level, you know, to force you to minimize your mistakes.


Because you know, when you got somebody looking over your shoulder, they could do two things. They could either make you or it could break you. Yeah. A lot. That's a lot of, that's a lot of pressure when you know you can't make no mistakes when you're trying to play mistake free football and you start to press. Right. You start press. I mean, listen, that ain't a good thing. It depends on how he's built mentally. I agree. I think the thing is OCHO is that AP did a disservice to the Raiders by winning that game because they slid down from one all the way to six. Yeah. So there's a possibility that you could, you could lose out on Cam Ward and Shado. Well, listen, listen on in the war room, you never know what's gonna happen.


You never know what goes on. They have those phones in there for reason. So maybe something may happen, you know, be before the draft or during the draft and maybe somebody comes up and snatches the player that they want on their board to make sure he doesn't get away. Well they really don't have a whole lot of draft tradable pieces. The one piece they got is Crosby. Yeah. Max. Max Crosby. Crosby. That's the one. That's the one piece that everybody would be willing to give up a first round pick or multiple picks for. I don't see anybody else on that roster that they would be willing to give that up for Brock Bowers.


But they're not trading Brock Bowers That. Hell no, But Max Crosby is the only one that I see that has the, that has the, the capital attached to him that somebody would be, be willing to give up. He's the most valuable. He and Brock Bowers are the most valuable pieces. Well, clearly they're not trading Brock Bowers, but I don't think the Raiders are one player away. But They need damn quarterback. That's what they Need. They absolutely need a quarterback. You fix That situation and then you build you, you build around.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill, ladies. I got it. I it. No, I got it. Seriously. I insist, I insisted first at first. Don't be silly. Oh, don't be silly. You don be silly. Don't be silly. Don't people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper, scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try K Nix. See why millions are ditching disposable wasteful period products and have switched to K Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's k nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Oh, Joe, after taking several days, Mark Andrews publicly apologized for dropping the ball on what would've been a game time two point conversion. It is impossible to adequately express how I feel. I'm absolutely gutted by what happened on Sunday. I'm devastated for my teammates, my coaches, and Ravens fans. I pour every ounce of my being into playing at the highest level possible because I love my team and I love the game of football like nothing else. That is why it's taken me until now to collect my thoughts and address this publicly. Even though the shock and disappointment are unlike anything I felt before. I refuse to let this situation define me. I promise that this adversity, adversity will only make me stronger and fuel us as we move forward.


I think everyone that has shown me and our team genuine support these past several days, despite the negativity I've seen heartfelt love and encouragement, including from those who have generously donated to the breakthrough TD T 1D organization. Even when the moments seem darkest, perspective can reveal that there is still a lot of light in this world. Right? I'm now going to do my part to bounce back and contribute to it. Hashtag God bless ocho. Yeah. Was this necessary? No. No. Not at all. Not at all. There's nothing you can do.


There's no point of, you know, writing, writing an apology. There are ups and downs, there are obstacles, there are hurdles in a game. You don't owe anybody on the outside of that locker room an apology. You talk to your players, you talk to your teammates, you talk to your coaches, you know, and, and you let them know how you feel. There's no need me apologizing publicly to everyone that hasn't put in the work you've done. They're not there in training camp with you. They're not there in meetings room with you. No. They're not bleeding with you. They're not going to war out there with you. Now they do support you because they are fans of the team. Any apologies should be had, should be had within that team to individual players and nobody else if that's what you see fit in doing.


But that's the births of brotherhood. Yes. You know, they, they, they not gonna be talk, talking trash about you and Oh man, you just, no, It happens. Ocho I mean, I remember Ernest by and I eb I know Eb I mean, knew EB a long time. He was in Baltimore when I was there. Right. He stayed in contact with him. He fumbled the ball. He was running into the end zone. Ocho. Yeah. He had a touchdown that would've put the, would've put the brows in front of the Broncos and Guy pulled it out. It happens. Yeah, it happens. Look at Billy Buckner. The ball went right through his legs. Magic Johnson had a situation. They used to call, they called him tragic.


He had a chance to win the game. Right. He drove the time out. They lost in overtime. He was a two time finals. MBP. Right. So fans are gonna turn Look fans, I, I don't care what you've done. Yeah. Well, they'll turn on you quick now. They'll turn, they're turn on you quick. Their loyalty is not with you. The loyalty is there with you simply because you're part of, You want the team they root for. He, yeah. That, that's it. That that is it. I I just think the thing is he came out, he, he'd have come out much better just, Hey, I'm devastated guys. We had an opportunity to tie this game up.


I like our chances from that point on and just left it. But Ocho you can't run. You Can't run. You don't have to say anything. You ain't about running No ocho. You got to speak after the media and lemme ask you a question. Had he called, had he called it and they won? Do you think Mark Andrews would've spoke? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, he did. Why? He he don't have to speak. Oh, I mean, no, I'm saying write that, that written letter that like the, like that's not necessary. He Got ocho. This is, I'm a firm believer. You have to be able to handle adversity the same way you handle Receipt. Handle. Right. Prosperity Success. I Didn't realize.


Yeah, I didn't realize he didn't speak to the media. He didn't speak, he didn't speak after the game and he didn't speak in the exit interview. Yeah. See, yeah. I mean, but the whole, the letter thing that's like, yeah, I Ain't write no letter. Nah, ain't no point for all that, man. I Mean, I might write that back to my boo thing. He had a great season. Mark an yes no, mark an Anthony dropped four passes this season. Huh? He dropped four passes all year long. It just so happened they came at the wrong time. Two of them. Yes. The fumble came at the wrong time. Yes. You know, it happens though. Ocho I think after that first drop, you know, every, everything else was in his head after that. But here's the thing, even on the first drop, they went down and got a touchdown.


Yeah. So we can't hold that against him. They scored on that. Yep. If, If it look, it's at the end of the game. This is what everybody remembers. The fumble Buffalo went down and got points out of that. The, the, the two point conversion, you know, they weren't, they weren't able to get the own side. Right. Now, there was a minute in 33 seconds with two time outs. Now you're gonna have to ask your defense. We'll never know. Maybe the defense gets a turnover and they score and they, they win the game. Maybe a they go down and, and, and, and, and, and, and ball and buffalo kick a field goal and they win the game 30 to 27. We'll never know. But you have to be able to handle, you have to be able to handle adversity the same way you handle success because it's not what happens to you that, that determines what, what do you do once that happens to you.


Yeah. And I believe Mark Andrews is made of the right stuff. You don't have the success that he's had in this league. He's been an all pro, he's been a pro Bowl player. He's been Lamar Jackson's most reliable weapon since he's been in Baltimore. We can't, we, there's no denying that. And Jay Flowers had an unbelievable season, but since Lamar's been there, and Mark Andrews has been there, right. Mark Andrews has been his most reliable weapon. And I can imagine, I I, until I've been there, right. I dropped a pass that would've given the Broncos home field throughout the playoffs. I just say if I'm ever in that situation again, right.


Ain't happening. Well, five years, six years later, I'm in that situation. Third and eight. Yeah. In the situation in b in Baltimore. Third and 18. Right. Mark, I promise you, you come back and make a play next year to win a game, win a playoff game. Just keep your head up, bro. You're strong. You're a great player. You are gonna be up there with all the other grays, with the Ray Lewiss and the Suggs and the Ed Reeds and Oh yeah. Peter Bowell and the Mike McQueary. The Jonathan Ogden's. You gonna be up there. You gonna be all right. You gonna be up there?


Yep. You gonna be okay. So pick your head up. I know it's hurting. I know it hurts, bro. I know it hurts because of the finality of it, man. What could have been? You're so close. But bro, you'll be okay. I promise you you're gonna be okay. And it's tough. You know, all, all your teammates say, oh, Joe, they try to tell you the right thing, man. You know, man, Hey man, it ain't your fault. Right? We win together. We lose together. But singularly let not really, not that D was on you. Yeah, that. But see, that was different with us because I remember we, we lost to the Giants Hotel in 90, in 98. We 13. We was 13 and three. Right. Played on a Saturday and we take the lead.


We weren't playing well. TD was really sick, but TD gave us an outstanding effort. I think TD might have had 150 yards. TD was sensational, man. They go 87 yards in three plays. Man. We get on the bus, you know, everybody head down. Why I walk by the dude, the game that touchdown like you cost us just undefeated Caesar. Damn. Damn. Huh? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah. We were like that Ocho. Yeah, for sure. No, Lee. Yeah. Oh, Tim mackay. I said, oh yeah, you like to cost us. You like, hey, you like to fell out like you did in Pittsburgh? No.


Oh no. Oh. But we had, but Ocho we had that type of relationship with the guys. Oh, we had no problem. You drop a pass or you gave up something. Oh yeah. You had no, oh yeah. You gonna hear about it? Yeah. They on you. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. For sure. For sure. But your a me and Burns that was, oh, we gonna keep you humble. Oh, oh. Especially Ocho. You know what I'm saying? You gave up plays in the game, but come practice you Dionne. Right. You all were The game. Oh, all Over. Oh, you got me, you got me locked up. You up there talking, you doing this all in my face. Right. Why did you do that on Sunday?


Oh, yeah. Yeah. Hey, we could let, we can't let, Hey, we can't let you get too high. We gotta keep you right here. We gotta keep you right here, because if we keep you right here, Ocho Yeah. We know we can have you, you start feeling good about yourself and all of a sudden you start bull jiving. No, we gotta keep you level. And so yeah. I, I wouldn't have wrote, I wouldn't have written no letter. Me personally, Ocho that's him, that's how he handled it. I would've been mad enough to, I would've been mad enough to stand up there and in front of the Yeah. I, I let, I let my team down today, guys. I did. Yeah. If somebody would've told me I was gonna have an opportunity to atone for the fumble, Right.


By catching a two point conversion and giving our team an opportunity to potentially take this thing to overtime, Little chance. That's all I could ask for. All I all you want is an opportunity to put, to be in that situation. Right. 'cause a lot of times, Ocho, you don't even get an opportunity to be in that situation. Right. To catch a, a game changing play or a game winning play. Moments like that come, come around every so often. Every so often though. It don't happen. All it don't happen all the time. Yes. Now, yes, fortunate enough, because of the team he's playing for, they're going to always be in contention and he's going to always be making plays for the March Jackson.


Yes. So he, he, he gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. Victory goes to the man that's prepared luck, they call it Hmm. Ocho, the Cat Commanders DC Joe Witt issued a warning to Jalen Hurst and the Eagles we're going to hit him that way. That's their decision that they want to get him hit the way that he gets hit. So, in other words, you run him Ocho we just had this conversation yesterday. Yes, sir. If you, if you tell you don't running your quarterback like a tailback, I'm gonna hit his ass like he'll tailback. Yeah. Yeah. I What you want me to do? Oh, he'll, quarterback.


Nah, he'll quarterback when he in this position. Right When he in this position, he'll run it back. Yep. And I'm gonna knock five from him. Yeah. Hey, free game, fair game. Quarterback running back. Quarterback running back. Okay. Put hats on him. Multiple, Hey, we wear each show to pass for a reason. Ocho, I ain't tried to hurt him, but if I send him to the sideline a couple of plays, I'm not disappointed. All right. I'm just gonna be honest with you. Right. All right. I'm just, I'm just being honest. Hey, when I was on special teams on, I had a simple philosophy.


I ain't trying to knock you out for the season, but if I knock your ass outta this game, I'm not mad. You get your job. Yes. That's not my responsibility to protect your quarterback Ocho. That's the offensive coordinator's job to protect him. You gonna run him on a power, you keep running that Philly, that that t push or whatever they call it. Right. If you run him up the middle, I'm gonna knock his ass out. I'm gonna try to, for real. What you want me to do, Ocho Listen. The players, the players in today's game, especially on the defensive side of the ball, they are the huge disadvantage. The rules are not in their favor by, by any means. And obviously the NFL knows exactly what they're doing because they wanna see more points, huh?


I do. They do. I know they Do points know. You know what it attracts, it attracts more viewers. It attracts, It attracts viewers. Absolutely. Yeah. So, But hey, you do realize commanders, you got a quarterback that runs too. Now what you think they thinking Think they gotta, gotta minimize those legs. As Al Davis used to say, Only, only run if you have to In the first couple of series, the quarterback must go down and he must go down hard. We coming 'cause ocho, I can see right, the light at the end of the tunnel.


It's the Super Bowl in New Orleans. Yeah. I'm 60 minutes away from my destination. Nothing else matters. Nothing. I'm gonna leave it all on the field. Some. You guys worked a lifetime for this moment. Don't you let this opportunity pass you by? Don't you let this moment slip through your grasp? Yeah. You might not get it again. You Never know. Look around. The God is sitting next to you is not promised. He's gonna be there next year. The coaches that's in this room, they're not promised to be here next year.


Don't worry about tomorrow. Tomorrow is today. It sound like it Doesn't matter if we're the better team. It only matters if we prove we're the better team On that specific day. I don't need you to be the reason. I don't need you to be the reason we win. I just need you to be the reason we don't lose. Hold on there. That's a good one. I got to use that. Oh, hey boy. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta bring that to me one more time. That's a good one.


I don't want you to be, I want you to be the, You don't have to be the reason we win. Just don't be the reason why we lose. Mm. This is really why I kinda like playoff football because everybody's so attentive. Because everybody's doing the finalities. Ain't nobody late. Everybody making weight ocho. Yeah, everybody doing everything that, because they know. I'm like, why? Just like, bro, why y'all can't do this during the season? Right. You do realize the season is trying to put us in position to be where we are now.


Yeah. Man, this opportunity, man, Ocho, who, you know it. You feel the intensity practice is different, meetings are different, right? Coaches are on, coaches are on edge. Guys, your leaders, hey, picked it up. Hey Mike. Lemme see that again. Run that play again. You don't run plays So you get 'em right, don't you? Right. You run plays till you can't get 'em wrong.


Oh Yeah. That's why you do it. So it's second nature. It doesn't matter. Like clockwork, Just like that. Now, Sunday's a dress rehearsal. You done this, you practice this. I don't hear nothing. I don't see nothing. I see the man across from me. I see the man I need to be. That's it. That is it. Somebody dreams will be met. Somebody dreams get delayed, if not forever.


The Volume,


whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


The new Year means new health goals, not just for your body, but your finances too. But did you know financial health is directly related to identity protection? You need LifeLock because your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package, in fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your subscription money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the oh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.