
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


From Hobby Farmers to weekend gardeners and everyone in between. Tractor Supply Trusts 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to make shopping more personal. Together we're connecting over 2200 stores with 5G Business, internet, and powering AI so team members can match shoppers with products faster. You're All Set. This is enriching customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna say big with cash back offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can't do, don't just pay PayPal. Check Offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay, they've got everything breaks, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap Man. Those last two games were very, very interesting. One was won in overtime, the other was taken to the last 30 seconds of regulation before the Rams were able to pull it out. But the games were very, very interesting. At least two of the three were interesting. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, that guy, the happy guy is Liberty City's own Bingo's Ring of Fame Artery Pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. All of that. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


It is late on the East Coast and you guys are with us, so thank you very, very much. We got a lot to get into the three NFL games. We got the Colorado that was crushed in the bowl game. We're gonna talk about Cam Ward decision to opt out of the second half. There's a lot to get into. Thank you for your support. Again, please make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock, the holidays are here. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Portier. And if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can order and we'll ship it directly to your door. Thank you for your support and please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Our newest release just dropped last month. T-shirt sweats, as well as stocking stuff for such as coolies beanies and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Everyone should have received their orders last week. Make sure you let us know. Hopefully all orders were received Monday, Tuesday, obviously holiday was Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. So hopefully all orders have been fulfilled. Let us know what you think about the merchant that you ordered. Thank you again for your support tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pen at the top of the chat. It's February the sixth in New Orleans.


Be there. Great lineup in store for you. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football podcast and best sports comedy podcast. That's best American Football Podcast and best Sports comedy podcast. Please go vote for us or continue the support and the link is in the chat pinned on all our social pages and in our social bios. Woo. What a game. Ocho The condos defeated the Rams 13 to nine. The Rams have allowed fewer than 10 points in three straight games. It's the longest streak since the the fearsome foursome and 1975 team. They allowed nine points to the cardinals, nine points to the jets, six points to the 49 ERs.


Three weeks ago they beat the bills in the shootout. They gave up 42, but they scored 44. Great game tonight. Everybody was, it came right down to it. I thought the game was over when Kyle threw that interception. Well, I didn't think the game was over because it was still three minutes or Cho they still had three timeouts and you had the two minute warning, you know, with three timeouts, the two minute warning and you still got three plus minutes on the clock. Yeah, that's really an eternity. They did a great job of stopping the rams, forcing the ball back. But what I want to ask you, Ocho Yes sir. Did you think that was an interception? I thought he used the ground to control the ball. Yeah, He did. He did use the ground controller ball.


Obviously I, I'm, I'm thinking based on the rules and the rule book, I don't know what number it is in the rule book, you cannot use a grind. The ball touches the ground in any manner. In any way. You can use a ground to con to Control the ball. Gain Control of the ball. Yeah. You had to cure it or at least get your goddamn hand up on the, That he had his hands on the side, but his hand literally the ball hit the dirt. Now give you credit Ocho the ball didn't move when it hit the dirt, but I do not believe, I believe he used the ground to help him secure it, but yes, they called it the INT on the field. Yeah, they stayed with the call. And what we've seen, for the most part, with the exception of t Higgins, that was really the only call that I saw overturned. Right. And I don't know what the officials saw because the way t Higgins took off running, Hey, I thought his girl had called and said, Hey, my parents just left and t Higgins was over there.


He was headed over there. Ho joke. Yeah. Yeah. But it was a great game tonight. The Rams. Now if they win, if I'm not mistaken, if they win next week against the who they the Seahawks? Yes. They win the division, correct? Yeah. I, I believe so. What did you think about this game, mocho? I mean, it, it was good. It was, it was good. Very, very low scoring. Yes, very low scoring. Pulled the ball up and down the field. Kyle, Kyle Murray, he played well enough. He played well enough to, to get the win. And I like the fact that the NFL games always come down to the last two or three minutes. Yeah. For some reason. You ever, you ever noticed that lately the games have been coming down to it.


Listen, nailbiting Nailbiting time where it's moments where the quarterbacks have to make the throws and the players have to make the plays and secure victory. And that's what the, that's what the Cardinals were able to do tonight. I thought the Rams were gonna, we were gonna close it out. Obviously when they started driving down the field, who could had caught a smoke screen. Yeah. Almost, almost got home, You know. Yeah. That, that almost got home. I was like, you know what? Okay, this game, this game about over now, this game about over. Now listen, but the Cardinals, they they, they kept fighting and they pulled it off. Yeah. Give them credit they could have easily. Yeah. I thought, I thought the game was over on that situation, but I also thought Pka was going to break it. But the Ram struggled to get the ball into the end zone though, Joe.


They they had some situation. I mean, he had Higby. Yeah. If he doesn't throw the ball behind Higby, Higg be his higbee's gonna walk into the end zone because his guy had ran, had went with the slant route inside. Yeah. And so now he's wide open to the flat. If, if Stafford doesn't throw the ball behind him and his momentum takes him out bounds, he didn't, I believe he's gonna score him in on that play, but they didn't. And give the cards credit the card Cardinals bow their back and knew that in order for them to have a chance Ocho they had to keep 'em outta the end zone on that. Yeah. They absolutely had to keep them out of the end zone on that. And they did a great job and gave their offense a chance. And you mentioned it was the turnover.


It was the, you know, the last one. I mean, you can't really do anything about that. The ball hit McBride and McBride didn't get his head around quick enough. And, and I think it was Spoon that ended up making that interception did a great job of, of, of getting to the, the football. But give, give, look, give those guys credit. I, I say, you know, the Rams, I mean for the last, like the last what you say, Ocho, six weeks, they played some really damn good football. You know what's, you know, it's a good, a good, a good, a good tendency to, to tell when they started playing really good football when p and Cou Cooper Cup came back and were healthy. Yeah. Ever since then, ever since that they were talking about the trade and Cooper, Cooper Cup getting traded and, and whatnot.


Ever since then they've been playing really, really good football. And offensively when they are healthy, they are one of the best offenses in the league. They, especially with back ky, is it Kyron Williams? Did I say it right? Kyron. Kyron, Yeah. With him running the way he's running it, ma it makes that offense dangerous. You know what Ocho but when I look at this, unless Cooper Cup takes a pay cut, I don't see him being back. He had three targets. One catch, puka had 14 targets, 10 catches. You can see this is a puka naa passing offense. Yeah. The offense runs through Puah. Now You know what the funny thing about it is, and I've stated it before, you know how I always tell you, no matter what age you are, no matter how good you are, they always find a way to work, work, work you out.


They've always find a way to work you out the system. And obviously Puka coming in and doing what he's been able to do and he, his price tag is nowhere near that of Yeah. That It, it will be after next year. Yeah. Yeah. But here's the thing, Ocho, you have to look at it. He's a younger, more physical Cooper Cup. Yeah. Because he can do everything that Cooper Cup does, but he's bigger and more physical. Yeah. And so, and he's sharper. So I get a guy that can do exactly what he does. He can run every route inside. Plus he's better outside the numbers than cool. Yeah. He's bigger, he's more physical, he's more, now he, he's taking some, but at some point in time it's gonna catch up with him.


Like it all, like it does all slot receivers. You look at West Weer, you look at Edelman, you look at Stokely, all those guys because there's too many collisions that you're bo in in a period of time. Right. 'cause think about Ocho, everything is bang bang. I mean, hey, hey, you catching shallows, you catching spot routes, you catching all those routes and you getting hit smashed on both sides. Yes sir. So it's going to catch, it's gonna catch up with him just like it caught. Because remember Cooper Cub had all those catches. Ocho Yeah. What? He had 1 42 and then he had like another 25, 26 in the playoffs. Yeah. Now we talk about the balls that he caught. He got hit on some of those targets that he didn't catch. Oh yeah. Most definitely.


Most definitely. And so it's gonna catch up. You what, what's so funny how a player of that mag of that magnitude can win the triple Crown can have a season where you caught 142 balls and then all of a sudden another player get drafted and now you're getting three targets in the game. Yeah. What he caught 1 42 for 1,942 yards. He was like 40, like 30 yards, 25, 30 yards behind our Megatrons record. Yeah. And then he goes on, he was offensive player of the year. He was Super Bowl MVP. He was sensational in the playoff run with that show. That's what happens. Yeah. I mean look at Jerry. Look at what, look at Jerry's numbers in 1996.


They draft A to then what they do Ocho Yeah. Throw T on Jerry Rice day they throw to 20 balls. That's that's, that's Jerry on his day. Oh Yeah. It's so funny the way the business works, they always find a way. They find a way to weed you out and you ne you never can, you, you can never pay attention to it. Especially the casual fan. They always use the, the, the, the mantra. Oh, you've slowed down. Oh, you've lost a step. No, I ain't lose shit. Now what you, what I did lose is the opportunities you used to get. I lost some targets. Yeah. That's about it. I lost some target. That's about all I lost. So it's gonna look like, yeah, my numbers. Will you throw me 50 fewer targets? Yeah.


My numbers gonna look like some trash. Oh yeah. Ocho but the game that you're very interested in that you were on the edge of your seats. The Bengals keep their playoff hopes alive in a wild fourth quarter and overtime finish Joe Burrow, the T Higgins led to 1710 Bo Nicks 51 yard bomb to Marvin, Mel Jr. Over the top 1717 T Higgins fumbles the ball. Broncos gets it back. Guess what Bo Knicks says. You know what, y'all turn it over. I'm gonna do y'all a solid, I'm gonna turn it back over to you Joe. Burl plows his way into the end zone. 1 29 left 24 17 Bo Knicks on fourth and one throws it up. Marvin Mims comes down with it. 24 yard touchdown forces overtime.


Cade York has an opportunity to wins it in overtime. Donk hits the upright Broncos force of three and out, excuse me, the Bengals force of three and out. Yeah. Joe Burrow says, you know what? FD field goal attempts, let's take the battles into our own hands. He hits t Higgins with a walk-off touchdown. And the and the Bengals win in overtime 30 24. Who won The Bengals? Long as you do. And matter of fact, tonight, boy, I just want to hear you say foot ball resting night. That's what I'm talking about. Who they That's all my Bengal fans in the chat. All the Bronco fans in the chat.


I mean, no disrespect, you know how I feel about you. I never say anything in, in a militian. Yeah, you do. I love you. I love you. But for unc, for unc, I don't wanna hear you say fuck or ball period. Not tonight. Broncos country. Y'all good? He not. Huh? Now listen, Hey on on all jokes. All jokes aside, this was a good game. This was a great game. Very good game. This should have been a primetime game. That's how good it was. What I don't like about the Bengals, I don't like about the Bengals games like this don't have to be close games like this. Don't have to be close. They would, they they almost gave me all, I'm not, I don't want to use that word because I, you know, I, there's power, there's power in the tongue and there's power in what you say.


They almost made me cry during the game. The decision making, the play calling the going forward on fourth and one and knowing why would you, the, the back, the, the, the box is stacked. Why would you run a fullback dive on a like come on. What, what, what are we doing After you call time out. Wait a minute. You call time out just to run a, a fullback dive. Like what, what are we doing? So whom I'm I I I question that we had some drops. Chase, you owe me Chase. You owe me one. The game ain't have to be that close. We would've been up 14, 14 3 I think, if I'm not mistaken, we had to set up four field goal, right? Correct.


No, y'all didn't have us for the field goal. Y'all didn't Y'all go for it and drop We went forward again and Joey and Joey got Sack. Yeah. Yeah, you got Sack Chase. You owe me one. I love I love you to death baby, but you owe me one. Lemme see you. I'm, I'm trying to think of other, other details. T Higgins boy you had today. Now you see why now you see why I say we have two number one receivers. We are one of the few teams in the NFL that had two receivers that are capable of putting up those type of numbers that are true. Number one. True number one. Which why I, I hear people say, oh, T Higgins needs to say no. No, he does not. He deserves every single goddamn penny he has Earned. I I just don't believe the bingos got that count.


I don't believe Bingos can pay Chase 40, give him 30 all the while Joey B making 55. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's, you Need to address your defense. That's why they kept going for it Ocho because they knew their defense. Yeah. And now, now look, and, and, and, and the thing is, I knew once Bo missed that guy, he had him on the rail route and Over. Oh yeah. It was too far. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. You, you can't on the road Ocho, sometimes you could overcome plays like that at home. Yeah. Yeah. But when you on the road, you don't really get an opportunity to, we saw it LA he did it last week against the Chargers.


Remember he had Mims again up the rail and he missed him over. Well he under threw him that and gave the DB an opportunity to come get back in, get back into the play. But look, the Bengals, they played really, really well. Especially that defense bowed their back when they had to. Yes, we did. I just don't know how they keep letting guys I don't look Ocho that Moss, I think his last name Moss for the Broncos. Riley. Riley Moss. Bobby Moss. I, Yeah, I tweeted, I told he, Hey, he got some work in tonight, boy. Hey, he got some, he got some work in tonight and this, this, They still eat leftover. This is still eating leftover. Oh yeah. They feas it on him. Oh yeah. Most definitely. This is the result of having Patrick, I mean Patrick Tan, Pat certain on the other side of you, you know, you should have known going to the, into the game understanding who you're going against.


Sometimes you gonna get, you gonna get chased. Sometimes you gonna get Higgins. You got to know your knight is gonna be cut out for you and you gotta be ready. But you know what o you, this is what I would've done. I would've taken Ctan and put him on Higgins and I'll double chase. If you go back and look at a lot of times the way the 49 ERs played it. Yeah. The 49 ERs would take time and put him on the second best receiver and then we double everybody else. Right now we gonna see if your other guys, let's see if the tight ends, if Gki and I think that's Gs I think that's who it tight end is. Yeah. Gso. If those guys can beat us in the past game, because I know those two outstanding wide outs, they can dominate a ball game. They can take the game over.


So that's what I would've done. I, that's the only thing I would've, that's the only critique I got in the Broncos. Defense guys got a little handsy McMillan. You gotta get better bro. You gotta get better. I mean, how many times you gonna do illegal contact? Ill too much touching. Yeah, bro, you can't they calling it. Yeah. But, but, but Ron, oh, he might as should have said, Hey, I know y'all let me come back next week because he came back and he gave it up. Yeah, T Higgins ate him. T Higgins ate him up. Ain't no way around it. And, and, and then, and then when Higgins like, Hey Chase, like let me get a piece of man you deal with Officer Satan. Man, I'm tired of, I gotta fight. I gotta really fight with Satan. This he pick over here. We got a fish over here.


So, you know, anytime you got a fish, the only thing you can't do is let him off the hook. Oh yeah. So don't you let him off the hook. Don't you throw this ball out of bounds, don't you skip this thing to me. We gotta fish. Yeah, we gotta bring him. We gotta bring him. We gotta get his ass to the boat. And, and you know what? I think, and I'm, I'm, I'm hoping it, it happens a little bit more in the future. I think some play, some play calls were coming in. And what I saw from Joe Burrow a lot more tonight is I saw him changing some of the plays. Right. I saw him changing some of the plays and I, I think that I don't, I don't know if he should be being one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL had the freedom to override what Zach calls based on what he sees in front of him.


Right. And be able to change it. Right. Like stuff like that is, is is good. Like that goddamn fourth and one. You should have changed that goddamn playoff at the timeout Didn't have to be Oh yeah, because he looked like he put, looked like he put a chase on the one to t Higgins the first one. Yeah. He put that thing, he put the T to Chase. He's like, chase, no, go over here. Right. And now he's got 29 outside leverage on him. Ain't nothing you could do about that. And then one of the best throws of the night is that when Bo hit Marvin Mim Jr. On the Dino. Hey, is that what y'all call that route? We call it Dino. Yeah. Dino Post, post corner post. No, no, no. That shit we see, we call that shake.


See all he did, all he did was stem to the post. Now here it is Ocho. See Yeah. Once I go to the post, I'm gonna widen the front side safety. Right. Yeah. Now if I that backside safety, if he ain't paying attention, I'm gonna be over the top of him before he realize it. If that's what happened. See, he, hey, he looking, he don't realize the dangers over here. Yeah. When he realize it. Mims is even with him. Well, Mims even with you. So he over the top of it. Yeah. Guy. Yeah. Mimms had a, Mims had a good game. Mims can Play. Listen, he pissed me off man. Who? He pissed me off man. Oh, Mel, would he count that ball double coverage That second touchdown catch? I'm like, come on Dog. That was a hell of a play.


Hey, that was a good 50 50 ball. Two people on securing the catch. I was hoping the ref saw, I was hoping the ref said, oh, the ball hit the ground. I was hoping the ref said the ball hit the ground. They went and bu it and they gave this man a catch, man. Yeah, but what was the man's first name? Marvin Mar. Hey Marvin, I know you gonna see this clip. I know you're gonna see this clip. Boy, you played a hell of a game and I promise you Bo next and Marvin MAMs, if we had lost his game off that throwing in that catch with them seconds on that clock, I was gonna fight y'all when I saw you in public. I I was gonna fight him if I saw him in public. I'm not, but they didn't play the hell game that goddamn bo nigga could throw.


Boy, he could throw that ball on. He could throw that ball. And when he put, when he, when he bring it down and he run and he gotta scramble and use his legs, boy that boy held what He's gonna have to make those throws under pressure that overtime throw. We saw it last week against the charges where he under threw it. I think the thing is Ocho is that, and he saw you can, if you read his lips on the sideline, he said I missed him. Yeah, he did. He did. He he absolutely had him. And though, but I to say this Ocho I'm not so sure I'm on the road with a rookie quarterback. I'm not so sure I don't go for two in that situation. Mm.


My defense, my defense has really done all they could. I couldn't ask anymore for my defense. Yes, Joey v threw for the numbers that he had. Yeah. But at that point in time, we got six sacks Ocho we got six sacks. We areti we are, I'm in a one point game at home on, excuse me, on the road against a team that's fighting for their lives. I got 'em on the road. I got him on the rope ocho, I got him on the ropes. I got him on the ropes. Ocho, I gotta Knock, gotta knock him out. I I know all the air has been vacuumed up out of that building. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You gotta close. You gotta, you gotta close the show out


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC


from the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go Travelers with real time information throughout the airport port. This is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but WW describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight. We all know that old saying about teaching Amanda Fish. And as parents, we want our kids to learn the things that will set them up for success. So this holiday season give kids money skills that will last well beyond 2024 with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app made for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely with parental controls built in. Sign up today at greenlight.com/iheart Greenlight.com/iheart.


I'm not so sure I don't go for two on the, on the road with a rookie quarterback or Joe and hey. I, I, I know. Interesting. Like, I don't know. I don't know if you listen to the sound. I don't know what the commentator said. I don't know. It's gonna be interesting to see what's this thing got start rolling. I'm gonna look around and see what, what people are saying. It's gonna be interesting to see what people said, what they thought they should have done. But I think in that situation with the rookie quarterback on the road and the dramatic effect of that, I think I, I think I, I think I go because here's the thing, Ocho Yeah. It's gonna come down. It's gonna come down the next week. Yeah. The Chiefs are not playing their team. The Broncos. You're at home.


You that? Hell yeah. Why, why, why why you so happy? I mean, hey, I mean, I mean the Chiefs, I mean they got home field. I mean Travis Kel Trav was up here in New York. He was in New York with, with Taylor. Yeah. But listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, listen, listen, I'm gonna tell you like this, and I said it two weeks ago and I said it before this game. I told you what was gonna happen. I, man, I I manifested this. I told you the Bengals we're gonna win their last three. We took care of business last week. I told you what we gonna do to your Broncos. I didn't say anything in a malicious man. I I did it very respectfully. You didn't believe me. You said you said y'all was going to win. Boom. Now you got egg on your face. Okay. So you can't say put or ball the rest of the night.


Matter of fact, you can't say any other words tonight that star with a letter B. So say say the Rocos. Yeah. You can't say nothing else. Now next week the Bangals we got, we got the Steelers. Yes. Adam stealers, we gonna take care of business. I'm no disrespecting we have any stealer fans in the chat. I mean, no disrespect, I'm not trying to be disrespectful or malicious in any way. I'm talk about my Bengals and what we gonna do. We gonna squeeze into the playoffs. We gonna squeeze into the playoffs. If we're gonna be a team that nobody wants to play. I don't You get to the playoff Offense. I can't, I can't, I can't talk about the defense. I don't play defense. I'm just saying Offensely, if we gotta scope 50 bitch, we gotta scope 50 and hope we can hold a team to 45.


Yeah. And as far as Broncos are concerned, they gotta play the Chiefs next week. You do. How Bronco and team could be the Chiefs B team. That's how I'm feeling. They had the Bronco, they had the Chiefs a team on the ropes till that block kick. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Block the kick at the end of the game. Yeah. And remember, remember they beat him last year in Denver. They blew him out last year in Denver. They Yeah. For whatever reason the Broncos, even with Patrick Mahomes were playing at his best. The Broncos have always played them tough. Yeah. Always. It Doesn't even when they didn't have, even when they didn't have, obviously now when they had Peyton Manning, they beat him. But even when they have lesser quarterback, when they had some of the other quarterbacks that they've had ocho they've always played the Chiefs tough.


And we know Chiefs going to the Super Bowl damn near what, four outta the last six years and they've won three of them. Yeah. But for some reason, obviously it's a division team. They're familiar with them. It's, but they play 'em tough. Michael Parsons. If Joey, if Joe Burrow takes this team full of playoff, I don't even think it should be a question. Who MVP is GD best in the world right now? I disagree with that. I I just don't believe you can have seven losses and be the MVP. Yeah. Five. If he, if he had the same record as as Lamar Jackson, you could make a case. But has it is Lamar is is Lamar Jackson not playing football right now? Yeah, I mean we just, we just, we just raved about Lamar Jackson.


What Chris for Christmas? Yeah. What he, what he did the, the 48 yard run, which was his fastest speed he's ever accumulated. He said, man, that's, but I was jogging. He threw three Ocho, he threw three touchdowns. Yeah. Look, if, if, if, if Joey Burough had five losses, the same as nah, I got a case. I gotta make a you gotta make a case for it. Got a conversation. We got a conversation. Yes. Now we talking about the MVP race not long ago when I, when I was mentioning I don't like fact that the wins and losses total affects whether someone is in contention to be able to win the MVP because in its totality is not fair. It's an individual award based on your individual performance.


But wins, the losses come into play when it comes to MVP nomination. So how much did that performance, the question that they, the voters are gonna have, how much did that performance go towards your team winning? Ah, So that's how, that's how they're gonna look at ocho. So yeah, you putting up great numbers, right? But so now people look at like, well yeah, you putting up great numbers and are losing effort. Hmm. See, Jordan didn't really get the credit that Jordan deserved until Jordan started winning championships. Now they started giving him MVPs. Right Now he had that extraordinary season where he averaged, he was defensive player of the year. He averaged 37, 8 and eight defensive player of the year. But once he started winning, once he started winning championships, right now he did.


It's gonna be, look, I think, and I, and I said this before, even when they said the MVP race was over, I said, it's not over. I said, because Lamar is still playing. I said, look, and I'm not taking anything away from Josh because you and I come out here and we, the man had six touchdowns, don't you? He ran for a touchdown. He caught a touchdown. He threw a touchdown and he's been putting up great numbers. Right. But Lamar Jackson is 39 and four Touchdown touchdowns. That's crazy work. 39 and four. That's crazy work. He's gonna be over 4,000 yards and he has like 800 yards rushing. That's cr that nobody could, nobody, no other quarterback could have done what Lamar's doing.


But Lamar Jackson, there's not a quarterback that could have thrown for the number of touchdowns that he threw for Rush for the number of yards that he rushed for. Huh? You see me? Of course not. Damn man. Oh, there we go. My bad, my bad, my bad. Ggs finished the game with 11 catches Wifi. T Higgins finished the game with 11 catches a buck, 31 3 touchdowns, including the game went overtime. Chase hints, if that was his last game in this stadium, he went out with a bang. But that's a big if, but everybody's ocho you know this, everybody's saying the right thing. We won't, and and there's no doubt in my mind they won't tee back.


But if I'm Tee Ocho, I'm, he was Wasn't t your second round pick? Yeah. Second round pick. Early, early second. Too Early second round. I'm mistaken, if I'm not Mistaken, Ocho the first contract, you don't give a hometown discount. You do that. The second contract. That's, that's if you choose to right now. Because see, like if, if maybe if t was a first round pick, but if, if, if I'm a first round, I'm still thinking I gotta get one big payday, I gotta hit 'em over the head one time. 'cause I know Ocho eventually they're gonna come to me and say take a pay cut. Oh yeah. Or you have to, you everybody is half. Listen, it is not if it's gonna happen, it's when it's gonna happen.


Anything happen. Yeah. Yeah. Go look at, go study your history and look at all your greats. That was great with one at one team and they had to move on because whatever ca casually they wanted to go a different direction. And that is the team choice. Because when the teams do it, the team always says it's a business decision. Yeah. But the moment you don't take less money, Ocho they say he's not a team player. He used being selfish, Huh? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, listen, wait, think about it man. I think Tee, I mean Tee gonna see this, see this and I mean all the Bengals fans in the chat, I understand how you feel about t about him wanting to stay on your team.


But I think about before you even made it, I think I'm thinking about before you even made it all the sacrifices to pick up the drop off the mama, the ups, the downs, the obstacles to even get to this point and understanding, I want to reach the pinnacle of my childhood dream and making it to the NFL. It just so happens to be the Bengals. Yes. Now it's time to be, to get paid for all the work I put in before I even got here. Huh? Before I even got here when your mama had to pick you up from school, drop you off at practice, you know? Yeah. All man, I'm thinking about all the work you done put in. Now it's time for that to be paid in full, not in discount because of where I'm at.


No man. You What Up Joe O Joe, you made me swim shark infested waters. Oh no. I came out on the other side and, and I've and now you want me to give you a discount because you could've signed me last year. Same thing with Chase. Chase ain't gonna give y'all no discount. No. Chase got, I mean, I, I, look, I don't think nobody's gonna catch him in touchdown. And now he's two, he's over 200 yards. Like two 20 in front of jj. Yeah. You Gotta, and the funny thing I, I hear people always say, oh, we can pay, we can pay T and we can pay R No, you fucking can't.


This ain't Monopoly. T ain't fucking Madden. This ain't a video game. This is real life. Now what defense we have to address defense. You got what? Talking About you got, we gonna have a $5 million quarterback. We're gonna have a 40 million receiver and then A 30 million number two receiver. That and, and t ain't finna be making no 30 goddamn million. He needs to go, he needs to be somewhere where he can get what he deserves. He not a, he's not a number two receiver money. Don't do that. That's disrespectful. That's disrespectful to him and the work he's been put in. I, and I'm I'm more bangal than any Bangal fan. You know? So, and I'm telling you how it should be. He Needs to But you realistic though, Ocho you understand Ocho as great a player as you was.


You understand that. They said, okay Ocho, we appreciate what you've done, but we going in a different direction. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And a lot. See, but see, fans don't get that. See, fans don't, and you could look, they did Broncos did the same thing with me. I understand. Yeah. I still love the Broncos because they gave me that opportunity. They gave me an opportunity. I'm not so sure somebody else would've. And they believed in me or Dan Reeves believed in me way. He, Philip believed with me. Mike Shanahan, the fans, they embraced me and my family and I appreciate that. But I understand the business of it. Yeah. And y'all can't say that I'm selfish. Yeah, because go ahead. You know what's funny to me it's selfish of fans as well to say we can pay all the players.


Why would you have three players with that kind of money where all the money tied up into the offense and just three players and then not be able to address the issues when we've had one of the worst defenses for 17 game season. It's also suffers to say, oh, we can keep t understanding that T's not gonna get what he deserves. And he has to say less because we have the best receiver in the NFL. Matter of fact, we have the best bangal receiver in history who's for a not one, not one brink truck. They better back up three the motherfuckers for Chase Blank check. Oh, you got a $55 million quarterback and now you're telling t sell. Oh, Here take 20, take 25, 20 8 million Take, take what's left.


Like what the fuck? No, you, you have a Super Bowl offense with a Bud Bow defense. It's not gonna work. It won't. We have to score 80 points a game. It won't. And then, and you see, you see the one mistake like to doomed you imagine when you have two or three. Yeah. I mean you, I mean think about it. You had the one mistake. You had the one mistake against Baltimore and Baltimore and that cost you the game. Yeah. And it it, this you had one Baltimore one turnover against the Broncos. You go and, and the thing was, you're going to put the game away. Right? Oh, think about it. You going to get, you was going to Baltimore when you had, when, when they were in Cincinnati, you are going to put 'em away and the fumble.


Yeah. Right back in the game. Yeah. So you're never, you can really never rest with that defense. You definitely have to dress that defense. But congratulations to the Bengals. They keep their slim playoff hopes alive. Yeah. Thank, thank you. Thank you. In dramatic fashion with a 30 24 win in overtime over by Broncos. Who they, Who they think they going beat them Bengals. Who they, who they, who they think they gonna beat them Bengals? I think. Same thing, same thing to make you laugh. Have you ringing your hands and crying? Well, I I, I'll tell you one thing, I'm not gonna be crying no time soon. I'm not gonna be crying next week when we beat the Steelers too. Broncos bro.


The Broncos beat the Chiefs. Hey, y'all not finna be, y'all not finna beat the Chiefs. Even, even without Kelsey. Even with Mahomes not playing. Andy Reed ain't finna go for that. Andy Reed not finna go for that. Now if, now listen. Now, now I'm, you could hear the tone in my voice. And if you listen to my delivery, you know, I mean business Now you could put it on the floor. You was scared to bet the last game. 'cause I knew I was gonna double up my Better. I bet you, I bet you a stack. I bet you a stack. We beat the chiefs. You owe me three. Okay. Okay. Well what, what, what about on the flow then? There it is. Whoop. There it is. Saw him coming.


I saw him coming. He ain't know. I saw him tell you. I feel I walked him into that trap. Huh? What I wanted through the trap. We be, we betting a thousand or What? Bet a thou Chad. Y'all heard it now? Hey, y'all heard it? Hey you, you gonna be back? When? When, when I win? Ocho now owes me four. Hey, you gonna be mad? Matter of fact then do you know what? And it's the case. When we do the last two in New Orleans, I'm gonna bring, I'm gonna bring cash. Okay? That what I like Fresh. A hundred dollar bill. Money, money talk. But crack cash screams. Ah, yes. But the funny thing about it is, I ain't Finn owe you nothing because you finna lose this bet. No, I ain't losing you Finna lose this bet. Tcho.


You still gonna owe me two, but I want four. Why? Why would I owe you two? Because you owe me three. Hey, you know, as long as I owe you that two one thing about it, boy you'll never Go broke. I am broke 'cause I can't get my hands on it. I'm broke. I don't know if you know how money work. That's why they I install at M machines because if you got money in the bank and you can't get it when you want to, you broke. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. The Chargers clin a playoff spot in the first season of Jim Harbaugh as their new head coach. With a 40 to seven victory over the Patriots. Jim Harbaugh secures a $1 million bonus for clenching a playoff spot. Chargers are headed to the post season after a wild off season hired ho Coach Harbaugh his head coach, let e eckler go in.


Free agency traded Keenan Allen released Mike Williams draft in lad McConkey in the second round. Everybody laugh now He has 77 catches over a thousand yards and like six or seven touchdowns. Ain't nobody laughing now it's the first 10 wins season since the playoff ed in 2022. No, I, who's surprised by this is what he does. He takes his team everywhere. Every who goes, go look him at San Diego. Go look at him at Stanford. Go look at him at the the Niners. Go look at him at Michigan as alma mater. This is what he does. Now, normally it takes them at least a year. It ain't take him a year. Wow. He, he turn, he turned it around right away.


Especially with the defense that they do have, he got no more handsome ball. 'cause they ain't look nothing like that last year on defense. Just Goes to show you how poorly coached they were. Right. Because look at some of the pieces that they let go and look at what they're able to do. Just goes to show you. Yeah. Coaching does matter. It does. And listen, I that goddamn gym they got from Georgia, Hey Chap. Oh, glad McConkey, That goddamn gym they got from Georgia. That lad McConkey boy. But I you could, You talking about play some ball? Boy, that boy, that boy out there playing some football. You hear me? Yeah. I won a jersey please.


Oh. Oh, he legit. Oh, he for real. No, no, no, no. He for real. He, the thing about yo he got, he got, he got shakes. That's what you need to play in the slot. You gotta have shake. But he got above average speed. Oh yeah. He fast now. Yeah. You know who, you know who he remind me of. Who that what his ability, his short air quickness, his short air quickness, his ability to get in and outta s but he has top end speed. Like a outside receiver. Yeah. On the ro Yeah. But, but he got better top in speed and he's better with the balls in his hands. Yeah. I don't know what happened to Winfrey. He just fell off a cliff. Yeah, I I I don't know. He he was with the Raiders last, right? Yeah. I think he's still with the Raiders.


I think he, he Nick, he might be Nick. They might have released him or something. But congratulations. I mean Harbaugh's gonna a Gru unbelievable job. I think that answered your question. Coach of the Year. Yeah. I mean he's gonna be in the look, I think he's gonna be in the running. I think you gotta put Kevin O'Connell in the running. Who else? Obviously Campbell, he's in the running. Yeah. But this team, but what they've been able to do, they got 10 wins could possibly get 11. I don't think anybody would be surprised if Jim Harbaugh won Coach of the Year. But there's some other worthy candidates. Like I said, you mi you look at a Dan Campbell, you look at a Kevin O'Connell, Mike, Matt LeFleur, I think Sean Payton deserves to get some credit also.


Yeah. For what? The job that he's done with the Broncos. But man, Jim Harbaugh his ability to coach there. You can't deny his ability to coach. You might not. And Harb it's time, bro. You got that, you got that hip replacement or knee replacement walk. You see how you, Hey I see, I ain't tell you what I'm telling you. 'cause I had that walk. Right. My brother had that walk. I saw s Sam, you know that walk, if you had replacement, a knee or hip replaced, you know, to walk when you see it. Yeah. He, he gonna have to get one of 'em. He gonna have to get one of 'em done soon because I know, I know he in pain and all that standing Yeah. During the game. Boy, everything hurt when I my hip and I'm standing, walking, sleeping, sex.


I mean like, I'm like, well damn, is there anything I could do that don't put that I'm not in pain. Okay. Okay. You know, you know. Yeah. You know what you could do relieve to relieve that. Now what? Anytime you have horizontal activity, you can take a Tylenol, take two Tylenols. I did Relieve, Well I was taking three, four, Advil. Three, four. Three or four. Yeah. 200 milligram. Okay. That is okay. I don't know how many milligrams it was because boy, I was in extreme pain. Yeah. I, and I, I, I remember thinking myself, man, I can see how people get hooked on narcotics with the pain that I'm in right now. Okay. I see. I see what you mean. I see what you mean. Oh boy.


I'm talking, I'm talking about, well, you know, you go to the dog Ocho and they ask, you say, okay, what's your level of pain on a scale of one to 10? Right? It's a 10. Oh it's a 12. I'm boy ocho I'm talking about, I'm talking about crying. I'm talking about going the bathroom. And you think they thinking you cleaning up, you crying. Damn you crying. 'cause that, that level of pain 'cause you hip because you had to use, you know, you had to use it. You know what I'm Right. Right, right, right, right, right. Yeah. You know, and you know me, I I can't just do typical, you know, I gotta walk around here out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There you go. Hey, hey. So hey, make a, make, make a touch every motherfucking corner in the house.


Now you Hear me? It a need. Sometimes I hit the knee. Come up from there. Oh, oh, oh. You still sha now you still sha I I have to play that in my head. Do you know who you are? Let know, babe. You okay. Nah, but I will be. Hell no, But hey, That's the same thing. Right? You know how we talk about we younger things we could do when we're younger? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Then when you get older and your mind, you know what you can do, but you just can't, you just can't execute it right way when you get older.


No, a same, same concept. I mean, I, I'm Adventurous, but I think the world done got smaller for me. You know what I'm saying? I think that's what it's OI think that's what it's, I still see beyond the horizon. Right. Hey, Oh, Well it's funny how that work. I ain't, I ain't, listen, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't got to that place yet. I have, I, I haven't got to that place yet. And, and I, I I thank God and I pray, I, I pray as as I have a birthday coming up in, in a week and a half. Well, Yeah, that's the thing. But keep help. Hey, listen, as, as the days go, I know my time is coming. I, I, I know, I know it's coming. You know where, where things don't work the way they used to.


I'm, I'm not able to, to, to, oh, what's the word? I may, I'm not, I'm not able to hit the intersection the way I used to hit the intersection. Right? Sometimes I might have to use my blinker. Before, I never used to use a blinker. I used just Go, yeah, hey, sometime Ocho, look here. You just get in that slow lane, the right lane and just stay there. Go ahead and put your blinker on when you leave the house. Just know at some point in time Ocho you gonna have to turn right. Just go ahead and put your blink on you in the slow lane. Eight. Come on by. Come on by. Hey, I, hey, I had an aunt. I had a aunt. She, Hey, you put that blink on as soon as you get on the road, they're in that right lane. Like, damn, we ain't gonna ever get there.


I know, I know. People mad because you ocho you hate that you behind somebody. They got their blink on and you think they gonna turn and they done go on another six, seven miles and blanker steel. Man, cut that blink off. Get your hands out the way Patriot. Why received it to Mario Douglas. I'm tired of losing reports of Pat fans yelling Vrabel after another pass loss. I mean, you, you see how well they played last week in Buffalo on the road. They came and they were never in this game. Yeah, they were. So they were, they were close. They were close last week. Yeah. I I, I can, I can, I can sense as a player, especially Mr. Douglas, I, I understand his frustrations.


A season like that. Drake met quarterback, new head coach, expectations, playing for a historic franchise, being there hoping, you know, you're gonna win the way they used to. And it probably at this point, after what they've only won three games. Three games, Three or four. Yeah. I mean, it, it, it is frustrating and it, it probably has worn on them. And I think, you know, it's no need, no need to be upset, understand that you have an opportunity to purchase tickets to Jamaica, Cancun At a discount because you get, you get first deals on them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Then, and that's the thing though, Ocho he has to understand Yeah. Is that you had the third pick in the draft for a reason.


Yeah. So clearly that that team doesn't have a lot of talent. Yeah. And then you talk about a team that doesn't have a lot of talent. And you got a rookie. Yeah. He played, he played, he played play. You have a rookie, but you have a promising rookie. Yes. He has some ups and downs. His downs were down. But when he was up and looking good, very promising quarterback, very promising quarterback than Drake. May you gotta put some more pieces around Him. Yeah.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC


From the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Kline to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go. Travelers with real-time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in, everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business, and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those quartz side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan. A complete unknown is now a Golden Globe and Critics choice nominee for best picture. Bobby, What do you wanna be? Whatever it is. They don't want Me to be Timothy Chala, me astonishes as Bob Dylan in one of the best performances of the year. Thebus a dime in your Prime and critics rave. Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic. 70,000 people are here and Bobby is the reason for it. They just want me sing and blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. How does it feel? Don't miss the movie. Critics are healing five stars. It's pure cinematic magic. Turn it down. They laugh. Direction And name to a FI and the National board of top 10 films of the year. Make some noise bd, track some mud on corporate. Complete unknown. A complete unknown. Now playing only in theaters. Rudy, under 1790, middle without par


Ocho, the number 17 BYU Cougars defeated the number 23 Colorado Buffaloes 36 14. Colorado was held at 210 total yards, only two net yards rushing. The buffaloes were shut out in the first half while being limited to 61 total yards. They had 90 yards in the fourth quarter with the cougars leading by 29. Shado was sacked three times through two interceptions. He passed for 208 yards, two touchdown while complete completing 16 or 23 passes, Travis Hunter had four receptions, 406 yards, including a 43 yard touchdown, electric touchdown in the third quarter.


Ocho Talk to me because B-Y-B-Y-U ain't no slouches boy. They're not a schlau at All. But you gotta have a better effort than this. Yeah, they were never in the game. You give up, you give up a punt, return for a touchdown, you give up a onside, kick it. They, they, they, it's Coach Prime's job to have this team prepared and ready to play better than what they showed up today. Yeah, it's really that simple. Let's not make it that. Oh, they had a chance. No they didn't. No, after, after the first se, after the first two series, Ocho you knew, you knew Colorado didn't have no chance of winning this game.


You, you could almost see it a little bit. It it looked as if they didn't belong. I ocho I thought this, I thought this. I was like, well damn, Listen, it almost looked like they didn't belong as if they were the JD team. And the JD team is scrimmage and it gets varsity for some reason, BYU just looked Fast, Look faster, they look a little bit more dominant at the point of a test. Yes. I'm like, well, something ain't right. I thought Ocho, I thought the exact same thing. I was like, well damn gonna circled around you. I was like, If they were more physical, I'm like, wait a minute. Now. Now if I, if, if, if my memory serves me correct, and I'm thinking of it, the old by BYU and not thinking of the new BYU, you know, the culture over there has changed.


The players over there have changed. And that boy flying around, Man, I thought, hey, I was like, Hey, I thought my TV had glitch. I said, they got them boys in fast. I said, man, ain't no way they moving that fast, man. I don't hit that man. That dude hit that cone on that on that way. Oh Joe, that dude hit that cone on the poor return. I was like, what that is Anybody gonna get close to him? Nah, he, he was move boy. He would move And then, and and then they kick the field. Girls come back with a onside kick. See, because you know what I see on film? I see when they kick the ball. Y'all leaving before the ball kick. Okay, we got a surprise for you. That's how you block a punt, right? That's how you block a PAT. That's why you do onside. You study a, the L three, the L four, they leave real quick before the ball's even kicked.


They already turn it to get back in position. We can hit onside and that's the perfect time because guess what? See if you down by five points in the fourth quarter, they're expecting it. You're not expecting that in the first quarter. Are you right At all? That's why remember how New Orleans got the coach in the Super Bowl with the on side open the second half with it. You not expecting it. That's a good one. That's a good one. You but ocho I'm watching this game. I'm like, dang. I'm like, damn. I say these db they do, they did these receivers up. I'm like, they in they hip pocket and Colorado reor resorted back. Not, not, not staying on their blocks and, and, and it was just, it was just bad.


It was just bad. It was bad. It it, I mean it was bad. And I'm like, damn. I mean, look, I think they had a great season. I think they had too time. But they ojo they had a great season. You didn't finish it like you wanted. I commended Shado for playing. I commend Travis for going out there and playing. Boy. I was like, I didn't rec O ocho. I ain't gonna lie to you. Yeah, I I did not. This Colorado looked like the Colorado that lost to Nebraska. Remember they lost to Nebraska earlier in the season on the road. O Joe. Yeah. And Nebraska put that open. That's what they looked like. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Hey, the funny thing about it, they looked like a team that wasn't prepared, but knowing Prime and understand how he, how his preparation works in the time that he's put in with the players and having a great game plan, having a great scheme, they just weren't able to execute it the right way.


And that, that's, that's on the players. The onus of that is on the players. But obviously the, the, the, the main problem where it would result, it would always point to the coach when, you know that's not the fact. But man, listen, they had a great, they had a hell of a season. I'm glad Travis, Travis Hunter and Sha door were able to come out healthy. That's it. I wish, I wish them all the best too. Man. I wish 'em all the best. Yep. You wanna, you want to get the win? I somebody gotta lose. The thing I like about college football now, there are no more ties. There used to be ties in college football that sucked. Ties like kissing a pretty girl through a screen porch.


You know what I'm saying? You, you, you got the screen up there and she on the other side. Ain't no lips touching. Ain't no nah, ain't nothing. I ain't trying to tie nobody. I don't want no tie, tie your shoes. Damn sure ain't tied no football game. We don't go out there and compete ocho for a hour and then all of a sudden, okay, that's it guys. Hell nah. But congratulations. BYU We don't wanna take anything away from you. This is, look, obviously we did a lot of covering of Colorado Coach Prime is, is, is, is is is a, is a friend of the show. But you guys, y'all put it on them. Y'all opened up a can. They went with the purpose. They showed up. Oh, Ocho they showed up. They showed up with the sole purpose of doing what they did to Colorado.


They said the world's gonna be watching Colorado. Yeah. But make them remember us. Yeah, We remember you bro. We remember because y'all, y'all, y'all did a number on them. Y'all did a number on them. They did, they did Ocho Cam Ward says the NCA Division one mark with his 156 touchdown pass of the Miami loss, but doesn't come out in the second half after the loss. Miami coach Mario Cristobal was asked about the decision for war to sit all meeting, all meetings with player and decision like that. We made them private. We kept them private. So I prefer not to answer any questions as it relates to that.


But I know he played his best while he was in there. Is it a good look or a bad look? I'll go first. It's a terrible look. You know When I, I, hey, when I think about it on, it's a good look. The fact that he even played and he played, I'm not sure if something made happened in the first half where it kind of scared him away from wanting to play in the second half. But if he played the first half, you might as well finish the second. Now that's just my thought. Yes. I'm already, I'm, I'm, I'm already in there. I mean, I, I'm, I'm just, you you wanna win the game. You play to win the game. If you, you don't wanna leave your teammates hanging. If you gonna start the game, you might as well finish it. Huh. I mean that, that, that, that, that's just my thing. I think everybody's thinking like that.


Ocho Yeah. So I singing, I I think something might have happened. Don't, something might have happened. I don't, I think he, I think he got out. He like, I I'm unscathed in the first album unscathed. Right. I ain't gonna jump fate, but my thing is just don't play At all. There, there would just Don't play at all. No, just don't play at all. Yeah. I mean if you gonna sauce something, you gotta finish it. That's how I, And I think the thing, I agree with you and I think scouts and I think pro personnels are gonna, you know, they're gonna look, they're not gonna look favorable upon that decision. Right. Because they're saying if you're there, you took yourself out of the game. Yeah. And, but the myth hold Ocho, but he said all meetings with players and decisions like that, we made them in private.


We keep them in private. So I prefer not to answer any questions as it relate to that. If that was his decision, he would've said, that was my decision and we gonna go with that. Clearly it was not his decision because he doesn't want, because he doesn't want the kid to look bad. Right. I give him credit, but I think the most, the average person knows that the kid made a decision and I look, that's his decision to make. But for me, if I start, I'm gonna finish. Either I'm gonna play the whole game or I'm not playing at all. Playing at all. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean listen, I I I, I kind of understand it, but I kind of don't, it kind of makes sense.


But then when I sit back and think about it, it really doesn't either. What's the point of playing two quarters than not playing the second, you know? Thank you Ocho Thank you. I, I I, I don't know. So that's, that's why I keep saying I think something must have happened in the first half. That's why I keep saying that because there's no Way it did happen. He threw three touchdown passes and he didn't get hurt. Yeah. That's what happened. Especially when I think about it. When I think about it as a competitor, once you in that environment and you're competing, ain't hell you coming out. Nope. Absolutely not. I mean just, it's just in your, in your nature. Right. When you get hurt, they can bear you pull, they can bear. You pull, they could barely pull players out the game.


Right. I mean, for a guy to, even if he's hurt Ocho, he has to be really hurt where he feel he can't do his job or he's gonna end up hurting himself or putting a team in harm's way. Other than that, the guy's not coming out. Nah. That, that's the heart. That's why they started having spotters with concussions because guys wouldn't come out of the game. Right. Or they would lie and say, nah, I'm good. But now they have, because sometimes the one thing that we do know about this Ocho, sometimes you have to protect this from ourselves. Yeah, you do. Especially athletes. You gotta protect, you gotta protect this for myself. But for me, I think this is a bad look.


I think scouts, it's gonna be very interesting because I can assure you, you and I have always, you, we've been in those meetings at the combine where they go in there and they're gonna say, son, tell us what you was thinking. Why didn't you play the second half Right Now? Just, just so you know, your head coach is gonna tell him. So don't go in there and think you pulling the wool over somebody's eyes. Nah, Ocho they done talk to coaches. They know they, they know everything. But in hi, in his case, in his def in his defense, when they turn the film on the entirety of the season, you know what you're getting outside of Whitney.


Throw the night in that second half as a quarterback. Any team that may need one in it's a, it is a few of 'em up in them first five picks, you know, what you getting as a quarterback. But sometimes when it comes to that guy, that position Yeah. Is the intangibles. Oh they, oh, they real, they real is What is what you cannot see. Yeah, I know he has the arm. I know he has legs. I know he can make plays in and outta the pocket. Yeah. But that's not where Tom Brady was measured. That's not where a lot of the greats are measured. It's the intangibles is what you cannot measure because you cannot see it. I'm te i I ain't telling what somebody to tell you because I, I'm really good friends with guys that pick players for a living and do a damn good job.


I don't know if y'all know this guy named Ozzy Newsome. Y'all might have heard of him. Yeah. His first draft pick ever was the first ballot hall of famer. His second draft pick ever was the first ballot hall of famer. I don't know if y'all might have heard of him. Jonathan Ogden and Ray Lewis. Yeah. All Century team. Yeah. I remember Ray. I used to run. Yeah. I used, I used to, I used to punk Ray all the time. And guess what Ed Reed first ballot, Sugg is a finalist this year. Legends. Legends. Yes. And guess what? Marshall Yonder, he's a, he's a finalist this year. He drafted Lamar Jackson. I'm telling you now, Ozzy's a little bit is, look, Ozzy understands the environment of a Raven and what it's like to be a Raven.


Ozzy's one of the few guys that he really doesn't hold like a lot of teams ocho hold. Like you have something like you gotta, you gotta, oh, he gotta name aint what Ozzy do. Ozzy like, I'm telling you how Ozzy Newsom is. Ozzy say, you know what we get be you. Oh yeah. Just be you. Go play football. Be you. We ain't trying to get you to conform to anything. We play hard, we play tough. We, we, we come to work every day. Yeah. That's why they got the phrase play like a raven. But that, for me, it was a bad look. It's gonna be very interesting when they get him in the room and they ask him, and I'm sure everybody's gonna ask him the question.


They're gonna ask a lot of these guys. 'cause a lot of times people ask, it's like your parents ask you a question they already know the answer to. Yeah. They just wanna see if you gonna lie. They already know. Or sometimes your girl, so, so who is such and such, they already know who such and such is. Hey, you know, and the first thing you gonna say, who, Who, Who, who? Wait, let me see. I don't, I don't, I don't know such and such, you know, blah, blah, blah. Hey, there's two things you don't want to hear from your old lady. Boy, your heart dropped is who is this? And we need to talk. Yeah. Oh yeah. Who is this? And we need to talk. Boy, look, hell, you, you get the, you get the backtracking and thinking about, well damn, that ain't do.


You started thinking, well how much does she really know? Does she really No, she's speculating because you know, women got great issues Now. Me, I got, I got four words. I don't want, I I, you know, I heard it, I heard it like three times. What, what? Talk to Me, Shannon. I'm pregnant. Oh, Yo, I just heard that. Are you are better. I heard the three words on you. I said, Lord have mercy. Jesus. Yeah.


Oh man. Listen, I I, when I, when I look back at it, when I look back at it, What tell you old truth. So where were you when first time you heard Chad pregnant? Well, you know what I I I, there was a method to my, my madness. I was Oh, you were shooting up the club intentionally, huh? Yeah, because they, they, I mean the way I do, you know, and, and, and people might, it might be frowned upon based on the way I did things is I wanted to have kids not only with women that were athletic, but I also wanted to make sure that the women that, that I knew before I even made it, I need people from where I come from, from my struggle, from my, my same background.


So there were no issues in, in the understanding that the child came first. And if our union doesn't work out, there will be, there will be no vindictive nature, you know, in, in, in, in, in reasoning to to, to do the things that you see others that Have Yes. Yeah. True interest or genuine interest in you in general outside of what they can get. Am I making sense? Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, listen, I I want to add, I want to add athletic baby. So if, if, if, if we were going to lay down in any way horizontally or vertically, I need to, I need to see some high school footage.


Can you run, are you athletic? I take you to Dave and Buston. Can you roller skate? Did you play volleyball? Were you a cheerleader? Did you run track? Did you do anything athletic? If you did that gives me an advantage with my DNA and yours. That gives my child a competitive advantage right away. Well, I, well, I guess, I guess I should have did that, but they was quick to cut them lights off. So that worked for me. I don't know. I don't know if they run around the track on your, I ain't know nigga hit a softball shoot, a basketball play, kickball, frizbee, whatever else. Cheerleader. I don't know what they did, but they were real quick cutting them lights off. So hell seem like it on your, the hurricanes.


Your hurricanes are now one in 12 in bowl games since oh eight. Oh, I, hey, I saw that stat, man. I'm like, but god damn. Damn. Listen, they, they turned that program around though. They not as bad. They, they, they might be one in 12 in, in bowl games, but they didn't look good this year. Boy Did you. A long time coming since we've had a competitive University of Miami team that played well the way they did this year,


The Volume from the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go. Travelers with real time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member IC.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight. We all know that old saying about teaching Amanda Fish. And as parents, we want our kids to learn the things that will set them up for success. So this holiday season, give kids money skills that will last well beyond 2024 with Greenlight Greenlight is a debit card and money app made for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely with parental controls built in. Sign up today at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events. Looking in my freshest abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights, hanging out with the fellas and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top for those really fancy holiday events. Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.