
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Paramount Plus is your home for the U Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Dodman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City. On Wednesday, December 11th can decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show a whip around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports The Volume.


The Emirates BA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Amir Gibbs in the dog house. He posted a photo of a position meeting room with scheme on the whiteboard in the background. Okay. Oh hey. Okay. I like it. I like it. I like it. But can I tell you something real quick, uncle about this? Can I tell you something? Listen to me real quick. Yeah. And for y'all in the chat too, listen to me real quick. Yeah. Even with the schemes and the stuff that's on the backboard, no matter who they plan, when that whistle blow, you gotta be able to stop it. I don't care what you know. Can you stop it when it's time to, you watch film every week. What week? What week are we in the NFL? We in week what? 13 or 14? 13. There's 13 weeks.


13, 14, something like that Of schemes and films of that goddamn Detroit Lions offense. Ain't nobody been able to stop it yet. Yeah. Okay. They have one loss. Ain't nobody been able to stop it yet. 52 points. 52 points. 24 points. I think they just scored 26 if I'm not mistaken. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just running off at the top of the head of the point that 23 I did, they beat all Facebook. Oh, 23 Chicago 2320. Yeah. I mean, I understand you. I I, he probably didn't mean to do what he did and post it, you know, information back. I joke, but you know what, let me, let me let, let me say, let me, because I can know how's Accident. You know that is, you know what it is. You don't want nothing like that out there because like your playbook leave your playbook in the hotel.


Yeah. You don't wanna put your playbook on Ocho. Y'all, y'all wasn't allowed to take your phone. Nah, nah, I don't take no hell, I ain't taking no phone. EE Even, even if I could, I'm gonna take your phone. Not in the meeting room. No, We couldn't have no phone. Right. The phones had to stay in The lockers. You know, that time time that and there, there, there must was there was a reason My Bad, my bad. There was a reason for him taking a picture. I'm not sure what happened. But listen, that, that stuff on the backboard, that ain't gonna help you beat the, that ain't gonna help you beat the lion. That ain't gonna help you. I'm just telling you now, when that whistle blow, it's a different ball game. It's a different ball game. We, Well, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say what happened to us. Well in the divisional guy of the playoffs, we had Tennessee Titans and they somehow got ahold of our playbook and it damn sure helped them.


'cause we couldn't do Jack, we had two play. We ran, we ran, we had, we hit 'em up one time. They busted the coverage and I went 57 yards down to the one and Jamal ran it in. We blocked the field goal and Ray ran the kickback. Yeah. Other than that, we couldn't do nothing. Yeah. So it definitely helped. I'm not saying it definitely helps Ocho there's a, there's a, there's a reason why, there's a reason why the spy gate now all of a sudden the defensive guy got, he got a signal and he got a a, a microphone in his helmet. Just like the quarterback. Yeah. People don't do things that don't work. Don't y'all, I hear you. What the name? The last time somebody robbed a place that didn't have money or didn't have something of value.


People ain't, people ain't robbing Goodwills and Salvation Armies in soup kitchens. Ocho, they Open. I know what you mean. Open stuff of value. But just be smart son. In a situation like that. Ocho you knew everything, everything inside that building is sacred. I mean, I don't even, did y'all, I I don't even remember Ocho I ain't gonna lie. Ocho I don't even remember taking a picture inside the locker room. Yeah. Let alone, let alone taking a picture of the, of the Yeah. I've never taken stuff that's on the, I've never taken a picture inside the meeting rooms general, but I got a load of pictures in the locker room itself. Now I got, I got got a lot of them. I got got a whole, got a whole lot of them. You know, my teammates know to be able to look back on some of the things like that.


But I don know. I'm trying to think. Did we, Y'all ain't have come time out, time out, timeout. Just, I don't even know. We had just When you was playing in the seventies, come on now. We did. No joke. I'm about to say, I'm thinking Playing phone back then. Hell no. Uhuh Man, I, I thought joke, I remember, I remember the first time I didn't even know anything about text messaging, so I was like Right. It was Cordell Stewart that in 2005, like you could text. Right, right. I'm like, well bro, how you text somebody bro?


I ain't know nothing about no damn Text me. Yo. How y'all used to me? I used to communicate with your chicks back in the back in the day. Payphone on the payphone. Call payphone Call them. Well, I mean we had a, we had a community phone in the, in the, in the hall. So we had like four phones that if you press nine, you could call, You can press nine, the dial a number, You know what I'm saying? And dial a number. Yes, yes. But it had to, it had to global Came dial long distance. And the way and the way they communicated with you, they would call and it went to a central location. And so they're like, I like to leave a message to county Sharp. My name is such and such. Here's the number having to gimme a call and then it would come downstairs ah, and put it in your box. We had mailboxes.


So everybody had an individual box that you put and so you'd have a bunch of, you have notes in there, so forth and so on like that. It wasn't like it, I don't know how to do it now. Don't start me to lying now. Ocho I don't know how to do it. Now, like I said, I've been gone away from the game damn near two, two decades know damn near it has been two decades. So I don't know what the, the, but I guess now you wouldn't need to call you the guy. Everybody has a phone. Everybody didn't have cell phones. When I, when I, when I was in the league, everybody didn't have no cell phones. Right. That came toward the end of it. But in the mid nineties, man, them, them call be $5 a minute. They ain't had no Beeper. No, I didn't have no beeper. I didn't have a beat. Damn. I wasn't that important. Ocho I wasn't that important.


But like I said, I don't, like I said, I, I know meetings, cell phones weren't allowed in the meetings. Well, not when I was there. Ocho, once I left, I retired in oh four. So whatever they did after that, I don't know anything about it. So I I don't wanna speak for something that transpired oh 4 0 5 0 6 moving forward. Right. But I'm saying from the time I was there moving back, there was no cell phones in the meeting room. So that would Yeah, man, Mike would've lost his damn mind. Absolutely. Especially during those days. The co the coaches were different. They were, they were a little bit more like I caught Tom. They were like Tom Ka Finnish. That's the only thing I can think of. Very. Bill hellish, you know, a no nonsense Ocho Josh Allen's next touchdown will make Buffalo Bill's history with his next touchdown rushing or passing.


Allen will become the bill's all time leader in touchdown. That's dope passing. The great Jim Kelly Allen has been the best quarterback since, has been the best quarterback in December since 2020. In that span, he's first in total touchdowns passing the touchdowns and wins. That's like, that's locked. Look, I hate, I hate because the Broncos could have had him. Yeah. The Broncos should have drafted him. And if I'm not mistaken, they drafted Bradley Chubb to pair with Vaughn Miller. Two outside linebackers. You can keep Vaughn and get a quarterback. You Gotta have that guy. You gotta have him.


I don't care how many grit of defense is, you better have a quarterback. You think maybe they didn't like what they saw coming outta Wyoming, right? No. Am I wrong? Yeah. So I think small sample size too, if I'm not mistaken, huh? Yeah. You know, sometimes, sometimes sometimes scouts miss, Sometimes you overthink it. Ocho I mean you took, you took bra sauce, Waller, you take, take Pax the Lynch, you're taking guys like that. Guys that are not e even if you just say, you know what, he's not the most accurate, his ability to run the football. That's what makes a, you talking about a man that's 250 pounds that can run, like he can run.


Matter of fact, whatever, whatever discrepancies you might have with his game. Especially from a a throwing standpoint. Throwing standpoint. Oh, we could work on that. We could work on that. Yeah. At look at the foundation. Look at the foundation. He, he had the arm you had to work with and build with you. You could, you could take it from there. That's, That's from there. Look how he's turned out in Buffalo. He he has the arm because in order to play in the state Buffalo, you gotta have an arm because guess what, the Jets they play outside New England. You play outside. So you put 'em in Denver, get you outside. Kansas City is outside. You really need Arm because a lot of the teams that you're gonna potentially face Kansas City, outside, outside Baltimore, outside the Steelers, outside Buffalo outside.


So your quarterbacks are gonna have to be able to deal with the elements because in those el such stadium, not only does it get cold. Yeah the wind blows. So you might have ocho, you might have snow gust and Bone. Bone. Crutching, crutching cold. I'm talking about 10 below, 15 below with Gust Up to 20, 30 miles an hour. Mm. I sure wish we'd have drafted him, but we not gonna get him now because Buffalo let go. We not getting But I like old. Yeah Bo Hey Bo playing. Well we got Bo Bo playing real well. Very well for a rookie.


I'm not sure if it's Bo Nicks or I don't know or if I'm not sure. It's the Quarterback Whisperer and Sean Peyton. But somebody doing something right over there. I don't care what it is. Just keep on winning. I'm gonna give you some more buddy Hobo. Yeah. You know they gotta play the Ngal. Right. Don't you worry about that. You were, you got, don't you got preach to Fry tomorrow? Who y'all play tomorrow? Damn. Who do the the Oh we play the Steeler. We finna win that game. We play the Steelers. Oh yeah. That hell We we play the Steelers. Can y'all see that chat L We we play, we play the Steelers.


You won't, you won't bet nothing Ell You won't bet nothing. I asked Y'all about to be Aren Tcho. You owe me some much money down man. Damn. Whatever I owe you, I'm gonna pay you. When we get to the tour in February in in Su at Super Bowl at the live tour, I'm gonna pay you live on stage. Whatever. That's how we gonna open me. I Huh? Why can't I get my money now Because I got a collective. Why can't I Get my money now For all these goddamn jobs I got. You know what I'ma tell inside the NFL.


I'ma tell Apple. I would tell everybody y'all just wait till February. Wait till y'all, we get on the tour, y'all pay. That's how he paying me. Y'all pay him like that. Bye. Ahead of tomorrow's showdown against San Francisco 49 ERs. The bills are asking for fans to sign Up to help shovel snow out of Highmark Stadium. The deal is pretty simple. The bill will paid $20 an hour, provide food, hot beverage and shovels to those who sign up Lake Effects. No. Buffalo is expected to burn Western New York beginning Saturday with two feet predicted to fall in Orchard Park where the Be Stadium is located by Kickoff. Yeah. Or Joe, the one thing about them.


Oh yeah. And them jokes be signed up. They don't, they don't Play. They love it. The fans love it. Fans they, Yes. I think the only thing else they got up there, the, the Saber. Yeah. Sa I think, I think Buffalo Brook, they play hockey. I think that's, that's still up there. But boy they look, look here. Football Team Mojo. If I, If I lived in Buffalo, if I was a Buffalo fan, have you seen the way they, before the game even starts, have you seen what they do in, in Indian? Oh yeah, not, Yes, I played this, I played there. Yeah. 90, 90, 91 9 2. 93 97. I played there like seven, eight times. I thought what now that I think about it Ocho, I tried to figure out why we had to play so damn many games there because we played there 90, 91, Right?


94, 97. But we played Buffalo. We played Buffalo a lot too. Damn. Now that I think about it and we played 'em in the preseason one year. But Ocho, they fans, they love their bills. Good. Listen, they're fan base that don't get the credit they deserve for how much they love their fan base. They don't, Hey listen, they get active. They love hey, They get active. That's the only word I can think of it. They get active pregame. Yes. During game and after game. They out. They out Ocho Oh Ocho they love, oh man, they love, they love their bills man.


And don't let them make a play. And them Joe start Let's gold buffalo let's gold buffalo. A little bit softer now a little bit softer now a little bit softer. And they start what that Hey They, they be Far rich. Daniel jumping. Yeah. That used to be that Be Jumping. Okay.


Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer's. Big cut bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Mayers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar


Listen tie to tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you sleeping. Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon.


Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Game on because ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming The greatest Stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Card issued by JP Morgan. Face Bank. A member FDIC.


Paramount Plus is your home for Thera for Champions league. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Mann City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, A whip Around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match. Live on Paramount Plus, the home of the UA four Chambers League and you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash


live sports.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast


Buddy have 85 up in there and them fans going crazy and you know, Ocho we playing them. That's, that's the years they going the back to back to back to back Super Bowls. They They got Jim, they got Andre Reed Brucey. Yeah. Biscuit Talent. Yes, but boy already Know I already listen. They boy they cook It. They gonna have that stadium cleaned out for that game Sunday. IGI guarantee you that. Oh for sure. And you notice anytime something happens, Hey somebody who, that who that knocked somebody outta the playoffs and they donated money to that person's charity. Somebody get Nick, somebody get hurt. They donate to that person's foundation. Bills fans are class The classiest.


I ain't got nothing to say. Nothing bad Michael. The Class of them all. Classiest, Kirk, Cousins, excuse me. future with the Falcons rides on the next next games per Jeremy Fowler. If he doesn't deliver over the next stretch, the Falcons would explore trading him this off season. Given that they have rookie Michael Pennix Jr. They're like somebody, Tina gonna be like why we want this contract. Well why we gotta I don know about That. Huh? I don Dunno about that. It's one, it's one, it's one thing about Kirk Cousins, he has always been afforded that grace for only having one win. So they gonna take that contract on. Oh they go, they can definitely take it on. And if, depending on how and, and, and he's right Mr. Powell is right as far as these last five games.


And I think even if he does play well these last five games, I think they're ready to move on with Penning Jr. Anyway, honestly, it's time to get that train rolling. Yeah, it's time to get that train rolling. I'm most definitely, I I'm excited for him. I'm excited for him. I'm excited to see what he can do with Drake, London and Kyle Pitts and be John Robinson. And there's no need for him to sit behind Kirk Cousins for a second year. There's, there's no need. I think. I think it'll be great. 'cause here's the thing, Ocho, let's just say I would, if Kirk goes somewhere, do you take Kirk Cousins and then take the rookie quarterback and then have him sit behind him a year and then move it on I.


Don't I don't like Kirk outside. Right. And the cold. Do you like him in New York? Wait, it's New York. I know you're talking about the Giants With Yeah. Saw the Giants and Have Chad door sitting. Do You like it there? Yeah. Yeah. But but with his arm, with that achilles, with that cold, with those conditions, you kind of need an arm. The court cut through that or have a sense. Now you just put a little nugget in my head. Now you understand what Kirk Cousins can do from the quarterback position, right? When he has a star receiver. Can you imagine Kirk Cousins throwing a goddamn Malik Naval? The accuracy. Yeah, the pretty ball.


Kirk Cousins throws a catchable ball and will always put it right where it needs to be. He might not have the strongest arm. He might not have the strongest arm, but it's gonna get where he need To be. Which gotta protect him Every time. And he's accurate too, huh? Look at it. Yeah, that too. At ocho you wanna put him behind that giant offense Line fast man getting get that ball at the tank fast. That's not what he does. Hey Look at, look at Kirk Cousins in the regular season. Look at the receivers he's had. Look at the receivers he's had and what he's, what those receivers have been able to do with Kirk with Kirk Cousins at the hill. I like him from Maek neighbors until UR takes the reigns over. 'cause he's going to the Giants he's going to, unless the goddamn Raiders.


You think so? Some godforsaken reason are able to climb all the way from wherever they're picking at and come snatch him up. Now I'm not telling you, I'm not, I'm not telling you what I hold. I'm telling you what I know. Hey, I don't know. Prime might not be Prime might not be too keen on that. Hey yeah, I know, I know, I know. I'm Just saying I know you, you I'm I'm believe I'm believe it in that because they already, yeah, SHA Sharp said Oh yeah because you already know what he headed with that. So dis disregard objection.


I object to what Shannon said. Now let's get into it. Ocho the lions beat the bears 23 to 20. No, but that wasn't the story of the game. Caleb Williams had one of the great half, the second half was as good as he could possibly throw it plays that he made outside of the pocket. The way he threw the ball from the pocket. And he did, he had a couple of drops in there too, Ocho. But that he was undeterred he ran. Now it wasn't smart that you try to get slick, you try to, you know, stop on the D Hit him Going outta bounds. Yeah, Outta bounds. Don't, hey they're not gonna let you get away with that because they saw what Patrick Mahomes did did and they saw guys fooling before. Right? So they gonna punish you if they get there.


So just go on out of bounds. But it was Caleb Williams got sacked Ocho. When he got sacked it was 33 seconds on the clock. One they have a timeout. It's about they got one, it's about to be third down. Take your time out now you got 33 seconds. Ocho, even if you don't get it, even if you don't, you, you still got fourth down. How do you go from 33 seconds and you keep your time out and you want run? Only one play with 33 seconds Because if you complete the ball in bounds ocho, you should be able to run your field goal unit on the field.


Right? Get your other players off the field. Yeah. With 18 seconds they had. So even a play only last what? 5, 6, 7. Let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, you gonna say the play last 10 seconds. Caleb Williams scrambled around it took him 10 seconds. You still have 23 seconds to get your field goal unit on the field to get your other guys off the field. That's more than enough time to get the ball snapped, get it held, get it down, and get a kick off. Honestly, unc And I mean no disrespect, I'm all for people having a job. I think it's very important to have a job. But that was coaching malpractice. Not only that was coaching malpractice. I think he must have been betting against the odds out there in goddamn Vegas for not calling that goddamn time out. You know, that is a fireable offense and I'm not one to ever stand to stand my spoke and say that someone should be fired.


But for them to have lost the last five, I think what, five or six games and this is a game that you had an opportunity to win or at least tie and go into overtime and see what you can do in overtime. I can't believe, you know, coach did that, that he didn't call the time. And also on Caleb Williams, understand you have to have better clock management in your head. If your coach is not on point the way he should be and really being on top of the time and how much time you have left Caleb Williams as a player who's played at the big level out, out, out, out there at USC. You should understand how much time is on the clock and what you need to do in those situations to make sure it doesn't happen again. So this is for one the coach you should already know. You should already know This is coaching malpractice Ika Williams. This is a situation if it ever comes up again during your tenure in the NFL, understand clock management and how important it is to give your team a chance to either tie or win a game.


That's a bunch of bullshit man. Keenan Allen said something very interesting. That's A good shot, huh? And I don't know If's a good shot. He said Wait, which one? No, Keenan Allen said as players we played game. That's a good shot game. Think about what you Saying. Think about the underlying tone and what he's saying. Okay? Yeah, I know the underlying tone. I just hope if, look I'm, if I'm at April flu, if I'm evil flus ocho, I would've just took the fine. Right? And I'm not talking to the media after that because then he gets up there and says that bull drive that we got what we wanted and I'm good with it. That's ridiculous.


You sound foolish. It sounds like a man that know he made some, made a mistake and want to die on that hill instead of God. That's on me. That's on me. I should have called a time out right with 33 seconds. What's Wrong with getting there? Right? How you run one plate with 33 seconds is absolutely a fire offense. Right? And I have never advocated right for anyone to lose their job because I understand how precious jobs are, but you can't continuously make the mistakes that he's making in remain in that position and then come out there and give those bull jive excuses. Yeah. Or those bull jive answers to why it's played out.


It's too many times there's a re recurring theme. Yeah. That if you notice ocho, anytime they put a receiver in, it's always a new receiver in, it's always somehow the ball find him or they put a new DV in somehow the ball always goes his way. You watch it in baseball if the ball somehow always will find him basketball, a new guy comes in somehow the ball in damn wet won the ball to end up your hands with the last second. But damn, here we are. It keep coming down Ocho to plays like this. When you have to understand the situation that your team is in and you have to make split second decisions, he let his team down.


Yeah. More times than Not decision makers like that is the difference between not winning, not not losing the past five games, the seconds like that. Listen, it's a game of inches. It's a game of inches. And the coaching is one of the reasons why teams win. That's the di What do you think the difference is in the Detroit Lions before Dan Campbell got there and the Detroit Lions while he is there? Unc, that's coaching, that's coaching, that's all it comes down to. Being able to execute the plays. I know some of it is on the players, but also the coaching, it has to, it has to come together and work as one. But you can't be coaching like that. You know that and, and having a situation like that and, and wanna say the excuse you use and not take accountability how you think your players feel?


Like Just listen to what, just listen to what you and Alex say. Yeah. It's players don't normally react to a game like that and throw the coach under the bus. No, there's A di there's a disconnect because there's a complete disconnect in the locker room. Ain't no disconnect. They don't, they've lost confidence in their head coach. Because the thing is, with situational football, you have to practice certain, certain situations. You have to practice fourth down, you have to practice two minutes, you have to practice no huddle. You have to practice being in a certain situation. So therefore if you're in that situation, yeah, you'll know how to respond. We practice running the field goal unit on the field, we getting off the field and it's with 18 seconds.


So we practice certain situations, get out of bounds. Make sure you try to get the ball to the official. Don't a all that, don't throw the ball because a look, they're not receivers, they're old. Hand them the ball. Yeah. IIII just don't get it. And like I said, I don't, I don't, Jimmy Johnson said and said in 70 years of being around coaching, he's never seen the level of dysfunction that the bears have right now. But you listen. And I can't say that I disagree with him because it's a curring ocho, it's week after week. Mm. I can see it. It's a one time thing. Ocho that's an accident. But you know, you know what else? And on top of, and speaking on top of what Jimmy Johnson said, he said, you've never seen any kind of dysfunction.


You know, it's just not this year, it's just not this year. You are trying to change the culture in Chicago in general. The culture, the winning culture in Chicago, it's been going for a very long time. It's been going for a very long time. And being able to contend and compete year in and year out on a consistent basis, all that starts at the top and in the middle it starts with the coach and then it lingers into the players. So until you get, until you get that, that that middle ground the right way, everything else is gonna falter. And it starts with little like today, it, it, it, it might be little, you know, because it's one game, but it affects the entirety of a season because bad decisions will continue to be made.


Oh Joe, I don't know what they said, but normally when we went on, when we go on the field special, it's the last drive. We got two timeouts, we got one timeout, we got no timeout. If you can get the ball out of bounds, all things being equal, we'll take a five yard game and get out of bounds as opposed to a 10 yard game and not get out of bounds. So we've already, we've already gone through situations that we could potentially see in a game because there's only one way to handle a situation. It's just like everything else. Yeah. Ocho you practice first down, you practice second down, you practice third down, you practice gold line in red zone. Okay? There are certain, certain situations.


Now, now you can't practice everything Ocho but hopefully you played football long enough, you'll know with 33 seconds and you got a timeout after a sack, you automatically take a timeout. I don't know what The funny thing about it is Was even thinking that's the first thing you do because the fisher was standing right there by you. That's the side judge. You Right. Hey, time out. The funny thing about it is if you could have ran, you could could've ran, you could've ran that play, right? No, you could have called that time out, ran it, ran another play and I'm not sure what your signal was. Unc, where the special team is already ready and we used to yell, fire, fire, fire, fire. Miss hurry, hurry up. There's enough time on the clock.


There would've been enough time on the clock. You come out and you kick the field goal and hopefully before the clock hits zero, you have them execute that field goal and tie the game and take it into overtime and then boom, now you got a fresh start and hoping you can get down there and score. It's, it's an even ball game at that point. That's it. But you, you don't even get your team a goddamn damn chance. And they had the and and they had the momentum. They had played extremely well last yesterday. They had the momentum in the ball game. I thought Detroit got away from running the football. There's another ocho at some point in time you're gonna have to stop making excuses for Jameson. William, you gotta stop, you gotta stop making excuses for him.


No, that's Gibbs the hitting the guy in the face with, with the football that's standing on the sideline. Yeah, He almost cost his team. That's the kind of, see that's the kind of the immaturity. I'm trying to figure out what could the guy possibly he on the sideline, bro, why you talking? You not even in the game. Let that sink in for a second. You not even in the game. Right. And you talking get in the game first and then I'll address you. I ain't addressing nobody on the sideline. What made it even more egregious is that it was after the play, so the down already counted backed you up. Yeah. So now they back you up 15 yards and then he gives to the sideline and he's arguing with Antoine Randle trying to explain what he did.


Bro, shut up. There's no offer with no explanation in the words of the Great Bill holiday function. I don't explain. No. Hey, what should know by Bill Holiday? I'm trying to figure out, I'm trying to figure out Ocho Right. What's his explanation? Everybody saw what you did. He said something, you turned and flipped the ball in his face. You lucky he ain't run and put his foot in Your head. Hey, I, I got a question for you. Now that we talk about the bails, now I understand, but James, the Williams from Dead. You know, I'm I I'm gonna talk to the Young Bull. I got Young Bull, I got Young Bull on the line too, so I'm gonna talk to him, man. You know, you know you can't do that.


You can't cross your team especially as well as y'all are doing right now. But what you think about Chad, y'all tell me what y'all think now, what you think about Bill Belichick to the Bears. I think wherever Bill Belichick goes, as long as they have a defense and a quarterback that you can work with, Caleb Williams is a quarterback that you can work with. He's someone that you can win with based on his skillset and what he can do with him. What'd you think? Yeah, it's because what I, what I'm talk to on, on on Wednesday when we, when we do inside NFL I'm gonna bring it up on the show at Bill, what do you think about your opportunity in having a coaching job in Chicago? There's a defense, a very a, a very adequate defense that you could work with one of the better corners in the league.


And Jalen Johnson, who's my little, that's my little nephew, you got a quarterback that you can develop and mold and understanding what it takes to win. I mean, who says no to that? Then you have a organization that's gonna give you the keys. They're gonna give you the keys because you have an understanding on what it takes to win what it takes to build a winning team. Hey, you got six, seven Super Bowls. You also, you wanna go get that, that, that, that, that coaching record from Don Shoe. You wanna break that right now? Boom. You have organization ain't gonna give you keys and allow you to build a team you need to build to be able to contend and compete in that NFC. Why not take it?


Yeah, because that, that, that division ain't coming back. That this is what, this is what Ebra flu's, when he addressed the after the game, he said, I hope was that we ReRack that play at 18 seconds, throw it in bounds, get into field goal range and then call our final timeout. So you see ocho, he doesn't understand, you don't need to call the timeout. Wait 18 seconds. That's more than enough time, way more to get your field goal unit on and off. That's The, that's scenario that, That was where we was in our, in our decision making process on that. We were outside of field goal range, no jive Sherlock and needed to get a few more yards in there as the close as we can get.


And we're going to call timeout. That's why we held the last time. So in other words, now you go the next week you got four timeouts in the first half. Oh no, you can't use that timeout. Disappointed for our players. They put a lot of work on, in, on a short week and put themselves in position to win that game. They did. And you denied 'em that you Yeah, that part you got right on a short week, our players, we didn't play the best first half, but we played in outstanding second half and we put ourselves in position to win the game. And my bonehead play my bonehead situation where it Lack there above. Yeah, you cost it a game.


More games are lost than one in the NFL exhibit A. I would like to, I would like to present this, your Honor, exhibit A of how games are lost. Yeah, man, I I I don't get it. I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't get how he continuously finds himself. If you notice Ocho, like I said, yeah. When you make bonehead plays somehow you always find yourself in that situation week after week until you correct it, until you rectify said situation, bro, call the time out Ocho call the time out. You can run your, like I said, if the, if the play only costs you eight seconds, I gave you 10 on the long end.


Hopefully you, you Caleb understands that you can't run around. Yeah, But I just, I I, I I don't, I don't get it. And I said it in real time, I was like, what is he thinking?


Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Mayer thick cup bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, listen


Pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Miles smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Game on because e espn plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ES ESPN Plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face-to-face with the ultimate horror now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Face Bank. Na member FDIC.


Paramount Plus is your home for Thera for Champions league. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes including Dovan versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match Live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Chambers League and you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live. Sports


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch to T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at dot com slash keep and switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


What the hell was he thinking? Why would you not call a time out with 33? Everybody I don Again, it is culture malpractice. It make me think he had money on the game to do something like that to not even give your team, your team a chance to win. Especially with what you've been through week in and week out with a losing the close games, the games you played. Well, I mean like come on man, give, give yourself a chance there, there are multiple scenarios when you're down in that situation that should already be going and be playing in your head, not just the one you explained at the goddamn podium. There are multiple scenarios that you do play on. Okay, what do I need to do? Split decision, fast decision making.


You know, if if if, if you don't have it then your quarterback gotta have it, but your quarterback is supposed to be learning from you. So if you ain't got it and you the head man, nigga how he's supposed to know it. But definitely the here nor there, Caleb will know and have a better understanding of of time, you know, and, and how much time you have to use. You know, as he gets older and a little bit more mature in the NFL and understanding clock manage And explain that to him. Let him know, Hey, we got one time out Kayla. So hey, if you get sacked, don't be afraid to, let's not be afraid to use that time out. The Cowboys defeated the giants 27 to 20 Cowboys reignited the game, ground game, excuse me, securing their fourth 100 yard rush game of the season.


Rico doll led the way with a career high 112 yards on 22 carries. It's his first a hundred yard game as a professional. It's also the Cowboy's first by a player, a cowboy player since Tony Pollard in week three of 2023. Doll also responsible for cowboy's first rushing attempt of at least 20 yards this year. The star of the Cowboys was Demarion Overon. He secured both the Dallas turnovers recovering a fumble were forced by Eric Kendrick and on Tyrone and Tyrone Tracy and catching his own batted pass. And yeah, he ran that back for pick six that was on, that was on Drew Locke because you see the guy right there you go open over the top.


Yeah, you don't throw it. Hey listen, The the Cowboys defensively, they played very well. They played very, very well on the run pass game, man. They played, they played really well, especially at the point of attack. They were very physical upfront, not allowing the giants to have their way and impose their will. So I I I like what I saw from the Cowboys today. But can you do it against the better teams? Can you do it consistently against the teams that have winning records? That's where the issue comes into play for them. I didn't, I'm I'm hoping, I'm hoping everything is okay with CD lamb. I I see left the game maybe late second, maybe early third quarter. Something wrong with his shoulder.


Yeah. You know, he had that bruised rug table a joint, but that ain't got nothing. Oh. That ain't got nothing to do with him dropping them damn pants. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't gonna let you do that. Okay. Okay. I ain't let Shoulder about the drag wrap. I knew I'm talking about his drop three of 'em. He turned into a retriever. All he did was pick the ball up and hand it to the official. His job as a receiver, his job is to catch the ball. Yes sir. Yes sir. Not to retrieve the ball. He dropped three, he had six targets. He had two catches. Yeah. Malik neighbor, same thing for you bro. Yeah, y'all yapping about walking the ball but you dropping it, he threw it to you, you throwing it back at him.


So yeah, I saw CD get dragged down on his shoulder, but that wasn't why he's dropping those face. Yeah, that's lack of Concentration. You Yeah, IM pick Up to drop balls. But since you I know since you boys, you ahead, them boys know you got, you got catch that pill baby. That's the, that's the money. That's your money maker. That's your money maker. That that brown, that, that brown ball they call the duke. You gotta love that. You gotta love that. You gotta love that more than you love your family because in order to feed your family, you gotta catch that Duke. They they, they, they, they gonna be all right though. We gonna, we gonna get that together. That ain't number little jug machine out. Practice E even in week 12 t have the practice gonna hurt.


Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not talking Malik neighbor is a rookie. What they gotta do is you catching the ball, you caught the ball, you caught the ball. That's something you've been doing all your life. Ocho we're not asking him to make spectacular catches. Like when they throw you the ball in the frame of your body, catch it. That's all we asking. No, no. We don't need no Odell Beckham. We don't need nothing spectacular. When they throw you the ball ocho you catch it at some point in time, you gotta realize everything is not meant to be a spectacular. Everything is not to be a mi meant to be a catch and run OCHO for 40 yards. You have to understand situation. You know what the most important thing here is to get this first down, eat this and get on the ground. A lot of, if you look at cd, what CD tried to do?


He tried to get up the bro. I I, I aint, I ain't never seen a ca I ain't never seen a catch that hit the ground first. If you drop it, it ain't catch. I don't care how ooh, you jumping up and down, but ooh, I be gone and you would've, but you're not, you going, you going back to the huddle. Come on guys. I get looks everybody. It wasn't no sun today. Ain't nobody complain about no sun Ocho. Yeah. It wasn't now. It wasn't now, now this hey a a, a small lack of concentration split second taking your eyes off the ball. But Ocho normally when you have one of those drops early, right, what do you do?


You concentrate, you focus even more. It seems like cd, he la he laughed Concentration, he laughed even more because after that part Ocho, he just, another pass Cooper Rush was 21 or 36. 1 9 5 1 times down. Like you said they ran the ball Ocho basically about four yards of carry. That, that ain't bad. That ain't bad. 32 carries four Not the greatest but it ain't bad. Nah, you can live with that. Look, you can only beat who's on your schedule. Right. We know the Giants aren't very good but we've seen the Cowboys lose games like this before also. So give them credit for keeping focus on a short week.


Not still celebrating the victory in Washington coming out there handling their business today. When you get two string two together, now you get 10. Now you get about six, five or six days off before you get ready for the next Sunday. You still look everything. You, you gonna probably need to run the table OCHO in order to get one. Yeah. Why one of these playoff spots you, you getting three teams outta the NFC, north Minnesota, green Bay and Detroit. Right. So there's only one spot left. Are you Cowboys? San Francisco. Seattle. There's one problem Arizona. And that goes for all Cowboys fans in the chat.


I have, this is no disrespect to y'all. Yeah. The Cowboys do need to run the table to have a, a chance at a spot. You knew, you do know they play, you do know they play the Bangals Monday night. Right. And Jerry's world. Right. Okay. I'm I'm just making sure. I'm just making sure you understand what what they got, what they got coming up. Y'all defense. Y'all defense terrible. Y'all might do some things. Y'all better be able to block. Huh? Can y'all block the front? Oh yeah, we can y the front. You know Joe, Joe do listen Joe get the ball outta his hands quick anyway. And matter of fact, we going, we going run, we gonna establish the run first. Get them, boy, get the front tire up there.


Michael Parson's gonna be frustrated. You know he gonna, he gonna get mad because the ball's gonna be coming out once two boom, it's gone. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Cowboy fans. What are y'all talking about? Y'all gonna win the division y'all two in one y understand Eagles Record reaction outta don't, don't, don't fall for that. Don't for that. This, oh, Joe, this the delusion. This is why Jerry's how he is, because he know his fans are gullible. They're dilu, they're Ute, they're gonna believe anything that he sells them and it serves 'em right. They Just, they just, I'll be glad, I'll be glad when it's like in like three weeks when they get put outta their misery and then what they gonna say, wait for next year and I'll be right here.


Guess what? Nightcap will be right here next in 25, 26, 27. And y'all still ain't going nowhere. But look, like I said, Ocho, you can only beat who's on your schedule. Not a, like I said, we've seen the Cowboys lose. Yes, sir. Games like this before they won today. Give them credit for that. I thought they ran the ball extremely well. The defense got, after Drew Lock made it very, very tough. I mean, think about O Ocho Day. I mean, they ran the ball 21 times for 116 yards. Yeah, that's, Hey. Yeah. That's, That's enough. The Giants, I, let's, let's, let's keep, let's. No, I I'm saying, I saying the Giants rush.


No, I'm okay. Okay. I'm 16 saying Do Is it do that says last name of No, no, no. I'm saying no. The Cowboys Rush 32 for 1 22. The Giants Rush 21 for one 16. What about putting it in the L? But, but here's the thing though. Ocho. Yeah. You gave up a scooping score. Pick six. I mean, you gave up a pick six and you gave up in another fumble that resulted. That's the game. Oh, there you go. Right there. You basically played him towards standstill on offense. But when you turn the ball over, You paid double for That. What you expect to happen. Deebo Samuel responds to the idea that Kyle Shahan should be on the hot seat Super Bowl, NFC championship year after that NFC championship again last year.


Super Bowl. Why are you saying he's on the hot Seat? You gotta understand how the business works. But just hearing, hearing the fact that Shanahan is even on the hot seat, we talk about one that's gonna be sought after from every other team. I wish he would let someone like Shanahan go and allow his staff and that offense to go somewhere else. Especially go somewhere else that has a, has a quarterback, have a decent quarterback at that. Then he going to build the same exact thing with that same exact offering. Get him a quarterback. Didn't he just have an extension? That mean, that'll mean that didn't in this Business extension last year. Oh, you know when something like this comes out, you know it's coming from inside the house. Right? You hear me? The call is coming from inside the house when stuff like this comes out.


How many years was it? Because he had like a year left on the contract. So he signed a five year extension. 'cause he had like a six year, a six or seven year deal to begin with. Man, you know, you know, you know how this NFL is so This so, so to Yeah. What's he make? Eight, nine a year? Because he had a, he had a contract that was about like six Years. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. 40. Oh yeah. Right. Rightfully so though. Huh? Rightfully so. So, oh, so yeah. Right. A year. Rightfully so. Rightfully so. You think They go get, now you do realize, you do realize what Ocho like when you get rid of the head coach, his whole staff, he ain't got, he ain't got guys on one year deals.


Right? He signed through 20, 27, 25, 26, 27. So that's three years. That's 42 million I. Don't think he's on the hot seat considering he just, the man just came off the I know, but you know how you, you know how f how fickle the NFL is. You know how fickle owners are. That's not, that's not, that's not the York. But then it, it wouldn't be out. Something like this wouldn't even leak. You hear me? Where there's, where there's smoke, where there's smoke, there's fire. Yeah. Stuff like this comes from inside the house. Always. Well, it ain't coming from John Lynch because John Lynch got the job because of Kyle Shanahan.


So who is it? Jed. Ned ain't tell Jed York. Hey, well, good luck with that one again. If, if, if let's he'd Be unemployed. He'd be unemployed all of Hours. 30 minutes. 30 minutes If that The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar I to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman v Barer, and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, A Whip Around Show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


As We gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and, and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you or Orlando. Just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class bean parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need For an amazing getaway,


Mary, you are to become my mother and have a son. That's not possible This December. Great Harris, the prophesy speak of the coming Messiah. What need have we heard from Messiah? Witness the miracle. I'm gonna break this show into the world of Love starring Anthony Hopkins. Where is she? Tell me, love will cost you. Dearly love will cost your heart, but in the end, love will save the world. Mary, only on Netflix. December 6th.