
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs. Bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. Just like a dream. For more, check out bs.com. What's good, it's Coleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Bone Thugs and Harmony, and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to Eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Presented by State Farm like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. The iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast and Hyundai's EV lineup was there for every moment in Vegas. Hyundai took VIPs to the Speedway to test drive the 601 horsepower Ionic five n. On Friday. The EV sessions winner was announced. Hyundai's music contest on TikTok the Twist. Their performances were all powered by the all electric Hyundai Ionic five. How cool is that? And after the show, fans got to check out the Hyundai dance floor at House of Music. Thanks again to Hyundai's amazing ev lineup. Learn more@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's odo o.com. The Volume,


TD tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling, call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Packers Romeo Dobbs was suspended one game for conduct detrimental to the team. The Packers made the announcement shortly before they departed for Sunday's game at the ram. The suspension came after Dobbs missed two days of practice and meeting the team. I initially explained the absence as for personal reasons, but Sports Illustrator reported that DOS was upset about his opportunities in the passing game package. Jim Brian Uniken. Unfortunately, we had to make a difficult decision to suspend Romeo for this week's game. His decisions and actions during the week negatively impacted the team and required us to take this action. While we are certainly disappointed, we are confident that we'll be able to move forward in a positive manner.


Romeo is a va, a valuable member of our team. And. we look forward to welcoming him back next week. Dobbs ranked second on the team with 20 catches 169 yards but has yet to score touchdown in four games in loves return. Packers threw Dobbs of 54. All of threw the ball. 54 times eight of those were targeted to Dobbs. Who caught four for 39 yards. Only one wide receiver. Avion Wicks with 13 targets was throwing the ball more than Dobbs. Oh Joe. Yes sir. You been to tell me guys really like really missed practice guys get upset that I ain't got no, I ain't getting no targets. I ain't get no ball. They get no touchdown And guys really miss practice not be late practice.


I miss the entire Practice. Yeah, yeah. I You you, you know what it it, it is hard to actually know what exactly happened and a report coming out saying it. I, I mean how truthful do you Think that is? Why would they suspended then? Huh? Why would they suspend him? 'cause we don't know what he got suspended for. We Don't, we don't. They say hold on. They said it was for personal reasons. When did somebody ever got suspended for personal reason? It was somebody told them you it. Sports Illustrated broke the story that said he miske practice. He skipped meetings because he was upset. I know. Hold on, hold on, hold On, hold on. This is what the GM said.


Unfortunately we had to make a difficult decision to suspend Romeo for this week's game for his decisions and actions during the week that negatively impacted the team and required us to take this action. Oh. Show nothing else needs to be said. Oh, so you just, you using Sports Illustrator as Yourself? I'm using Brian Uni, the general manager. Based on what he said. What if he was the practicing and he acted a fool in practice. Ocho about not getting Come Ocho at some point in time. Ocho you gotta stop this. I get it. I get it. You don't wanna say anything I I'm asking a question. Okay. I'm not relying on fucking sports illustrating, I'm relying on Brian Uni, the general manager And I heard what you said and I said maybe he acted a fool in practice and they had to suspend suspend him for his conduct because he is not getting the ball.


Okay. Acting a, acting a fool in practice. Okay. I ain't getting the ball. You know how you acting a fool? You know what, you can't be doing that while you here. You got to go. Hold on now. You just told me last week when these reporters get stuff about Devonte, it's coming from somewhere now all of a sudden it's not coming from anywhere. They made it up. That's not what you said. No harm. Hold, hold on, hold on Hold wait. Sports Illustrated. I ain't, I ain't using, I ain't, I ain't, I'm not paying that no Source. You said, you said when reporters say things, they're getting it from somewhere. Now they report this, it came out of thin air and now Brian Uniken, the general manager said we had to make a difficult decision to suspend Romeo for this week's game.


His decisions and his actions, we this week negatively impacted the team. It required us to take this action And I guarantee the action you talk about it happened at practice. IG Guarantee that guarantee he didn't. How much you wanna bet that's back. I, I'll tell you what I do. I'll tell you what I do. If it, if he didn't miss practice, you gimme your salary. If he didn't miss practice, bet your salary. Which, which salary? Job? Bet Your salary, which job? Whichever one you wanna pick. Whatever show that you appear on. Bet it. Okay, bet. No, no, no. Ain't no bullshit. Now I'm real. I'm talking real bet it.


Nah I bet a thousand. No I don't want do. I bet five. I bet five. Why we can't a thousand? I Don't want no thousand. What the hell I'm gonna do with a thousand? Whatcha gonna do with 5,000? Hell I go upstairs right now and pull that out. What the hell I'm gonna do with that? Well see. I can pull it out too. What you, That 500? I don't even gamble. You ain't gotta gamble because you said it didn't happen like that. So that's not a gamble. I said what if it didn't? I said I would rely On sports for nothing. Ocho just think about it. You can be 500 k just like that in a blink of an eye.


No, No, no, no, no, no. I don't care. Nothing about no money. I'm trying to figure out why you so happy about what Sports Illustrator said. I'm talking about what Brian Guts did. Okay. And I say it's probably because of what he did at practice Be 500 k in. I tell you what I do money, I tell you. No, no, no. I tell you what I do. I'll put up a million to your 500,000. No, no, Y'all. Oh I gonna cover, I'm put up a big 500 K. Hey Listen, listen, listen, listen to me, listen to me. Hey Romeo Dobbs is in his second year, right? I don't know what year in He's in the second year. I mean he's in the second year. Okay. Right.


As as Ash. He in his second year. What Is he what, what year is he in? Second or third? I could have swore he was, nah, he might be in his third. Third. He might be in the second. He in the third. Yeah. Third year pulling some shit like that. That's that's a vet move man. That's a vet move. I can honestly say 14 years. I ain't never, I ain't never had a teammate and I and guys have been upset about playing time. Right. About incentive. Right, right, right. But I ain't never have I seen have guys been late for meetings meeting. Yes. Right. Has a guy been late to practice? Yeah, but I'm talking about just skip that ish. All all Together. Yeah. I, I'm to Nah, you and and in order to pull something like that off, you got to be, you got to be that boy too.


Yeah. You gotta be that boy like Aaron Rogers like that. That mini Oh, you give the mini camp? Yeah. Yeah. See yeah. You gotta be that boy to be able to pull some stuff like that off and nothing happens. Yeah. And there have no disciplinary actions. Now I'm a third year receiver just not showing up for two days in a row. No. Oh man. I mean and then they gonna, even if you a first year you guy like that, they probably, they probably won't suspend you but they gonna take that game check. You could play but I'm gonna take that money. Right, right, right, right. Oh they gonna get something at You? Oh yeah, for sure. Oh they gonna get something at You? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And because the thing is you gonna want to play, I mean because you don't want people to know to give that negative light that you missed, you missed practice.


You was pouting, you were moping. So you don't want to give, you don't wanna give that look ocho because you don't want that out there on you. No, and that's the thing with these young guys, bro. You don't want that out there. You don't want the mouth conter because it's hard to shake that. Once you get that label Ocho you ain't, it's hard to shake it. Yeah, I mean you gotta be on your best behavior for years and years because you have another slip up. Gonna say, see you remember? Yeah. I was like bro, I can't believe it thing about him. Hey, one thing about him now when they put that ball in his hands, oh boy. He go to work. Oh Joe bro. You your third year? Yeah. You, you do it like you Jerry, like you Randy, like you come on bro.


Damn. Okay. Justin Jefferson. You know what's bad? Huh? You know what's bad though? What that they got four gangsters over there. Dobbs, wicks, Watson and, and Reed. All, all them boys like that. Yes. Yes. All Of 'em like that. But That's Ocho. If he, let's just say he Jefferson or he Tyreek, he cd he chase, he's one of these top five, top seven receivers. Right. They wouldn't do that but I could see like, hey man y'all messing with my money. I'm in a contract here. Y'all bull driving. Okay. Right. I'm gonna be late. You know what, I'm gonna hold in. I ain't gonna, I'm gonna come to practice but I ain't gonna practice. Okay. I'm gonna be late for me and I'm gonna be sleep. I ain't gonna be paying no attention, yada yada yada.


But bro, in your third year with no first team all pro with no pros, ah hell nah. You can't do that bro. And you see what you just said. You see what you just said with no all pros with no pros. You know how you get 'em with the goddamn ball in your hands O Joe. But when you got five dogs over there, hey they threw him the second most targets in the game. Yeah. He gonna be all right though. He be Right. Oh bad. Ain't no he be right. But see that's the thing though. See young guys do stuff like that. Even Randy when Randy got ticked off or to or guy, they ain't missing no practice ocho.


Oh no. Do you understand the kahunas that you got to have the guts To pull that shit off? What? To pull that off That even. And I've, That's why it's hard. That's why it's hard for you to believe because you gotta have balls to be able to do that to, Hey unc, think about this. Miss a practice, miss a Wednesday and Thursday like that. I'm, I'm, I can't unc maybe, maybe it's 'cause I'm trying to put myself in the shoes. Exactly. I'm not Missing no practice Ocho. But remember we had the conversation what these guys would do compared to what we did when we played. You see the difference? Yeah. Now you see you're like hold on because first of all, your best players, do you understand the grace that a team will give you because you one of their best and he's one of their better players?


Yeah Because they ask Mike, Hey you let, hey guys, hey we gonna leave you. Well what happened if John Elwell Shannon Lake, well hey we get to leave when we want to. They gonna wait. You know what I'm saying? It's a charge of flying. Right. So for them to suspend him ocho, you know, sometimes they suspend okay you're not gonna start the game or you gonna miss a quarter quarter but they suspend this man the whole game. You're not traveling. That is a game check. Do you understand? In order for them to take a game, check what you had to have done, Done. Yeah Man please this dude, this dude crazy. I ain't giving no money. Oh Joe.


Now there gonna be a time that you know man I wish I coulda had that little 50, 60,000. I don't know what he's making. I'm just saying Chad. Yeah. I ain't getting no no money. I ain't getting No, no, no. You not finna get no game check and somebody do a game. You somebody dude making $2 million, $3 million a game. Yeah. Now he probably making, he probably, well he was a high round draft pick. Wasn't he a 30 or fourth round pick? Yeah he 55,000. That's a lot of money. When you only making 55,000 a game. Yeah Man, please. Oh no. Hey you gotta talk. Hey he must be, thought he was Alan Iverson practice, not a game practice.


Oh no. Hey Superstar. But superstars would never do that. Not in football. Not in football. Because your money ain't guaranteed No can you Basketball? Yeah. Oh y oh y'all wanna play? Okay. Bet or, Or Well baseball players, they, they have spring training. They ain't really got no practice because they damn near play it every other day. O ocho they flying for one city. They got, they got A-A-A-A-A four game, a four game stretch in one city, then they gone to another city. So they ain't really got no, they taking batting practice and you know shagging balls and stuff like that. But they don't have practice like football players or like basketball players. But this dude out his mind. I don't know what the hell he talking about.


Oh. Oh hell nah. Ocho, I, I'm talking about I've only been late for one meeting in 14 years. No, I've been late for two but one of 'em wasn't my fault Ryan was OCHO ain't have no vehicle. Oh. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. So you got on me about being late and here you go. You had instances where you was late and it wasn't your fault and I was late and it wasn't my fault either, But I was ocho ocho lemme tell you what happened. You know I ain't have no vehicle. The guy that I was riding with had a vehicle. I'm waiting on him because you know we got a beat. We got a beat there there at four o'clock.


Yeah. So I call her I dog, I'm on my way. I'm about to gotta go do something. Okay, cool. No problem. Greeley a hour away. One o'clock because I don't like to be, my grandma say I don't like to be the, I don't like to be laugh there two o'clock. Damn, two 30. Alright, so now I'm pacing back. I know, I know you calling by now Ocho. I'm a seventh round draft pick. Ooh. I said Lord have mercy.


2 45, 3 o'clock. I said Lord, we ain't gonna make it Lord. We ain't gonna make it Lord this ninja. O what time you Booked up? Three 15. We ain't gonna make it Ocho. Oh Ocho, you don't know you Ocho. You don't know how close close I came to fault that dude. I started fighting and just tell Kobe we got into a fight. Oh Ocho, I, so I called my brother. It was like, it was like one of the last practices we had.


'cause we was gonna break camp Right Later that week. I called my brother. I said, man what's wrong? You sound down. I said, man spank. I was, I was late. He said, why were you late? I said, I was riding with somebody. He said, when you get back, when you get back when y'all break camp? I said, I think Thursday. He say, when y'all break camp after practice on Friday, you go get a vehicle and call me. Mm. So I went up there, tried to get a vehicle, they ran my credit. Oh see then you go, Ocho threw outta trouble when he came by the back shot Ocho.


When he came by the back with a piece of paper. He like, Mr. Sharp, do you know if you have anybody that would be willing to cosign? I say Hey, but that's so real. Ah man, Ocho, hey that's so real man. I can't, hey, I say I called him, I say spank man. He say I can't get it. He said, why, why you can't get it?


I said man, save my credit. Ocho ain't gonna tell you lot Ocho. I think my credit might have been 500. I being nice. I think it was 500. It so It was bad on Cho it was bad. It was bad. It was bad. Bad. It was bad. I think I had 400, I think I had about four, about four something. But my brother signed co-sign for me.


It was, it was between four and five. It wasn't above five. I don't think it was below four. So let's just go between four and five. But my first car, my brother man that thing was so low, they needed a crane to pull it up. Ocho Hell No, man. Hold No hey 500 though.


Well you can't get shit with that. No ocho. I'm saying it between four and five. I mean, I knew something ocho. I said well man, I told the car that I ocho they done pulled around. I was walking on Ocho, you know I'm walking, I got my hands in my pocket, you know between four, five in between four and five. Oh Joe, you know, oh Joe, you know I lock my hands in my pocket. Yeah, I like that one. Yeah. Yeah. This one got, it's got a, a power windows.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. It sure does. Oh, I like this black. I said, ooh man. Oh hell No. I said, sir, I'm I'm, I like this one right here. Let's, let's go get the paperwork done on that one. O. So you know, I knew something O Joe. That joke took a long, I said well damn. Oh Joe, he back there by 20, 30 minutes. And I guess he trying to massage the numbers so he could get the car. Right. He done been back there. He ain't no way I can get, he can get this one. Man that Joe came back there with that piece of paper. He said, Mr. Sharper, is there anybody that you know that would be willing to co-sign?


Oh I ain't really, I ain't really know what co I ain't no code. Ain't nobody, I'm like, what that I say Sir, excuse me, or oh hell no. You know that if you were to default, Yeah They would be responsible for it. Man, I called my brother. I said bro, He like, He's like, what happened? I said man, so, and from that point on though, Joe, I paid, I paid paid it, paid it off. Right. Got my credit Now. All three of them, all three of them. Now they're over eight.


I feel good about myself. Yeah. But it was, it was a process. And so that's why, why, Hey, nah, don't worry about it. I got it. You listen. Not finna mess up my credit. So keep that. Don't worry about it. I got it. Right because I already know y'all gonna pull some funny stuff and then y'all gonna call us to fall out. We gonna fall out. So yeah, I just go ahead and put it on. Hey I got it. Hey, take it outta my account. Boom, boom, boom. We ain't gotta worry about it because I ain't gonna have my kids messing with my credit now. I done, I done work too hard to get it man. Ocho you laughing at your boy. Man, Listen, I'm laughing 'cause I resonate with you. I'm laughing if my credit was bad too. My, my this at one point my credit was bad.


Hell man. Sis sister, soldier over here had to help me get mine back up, back up to about, about seven 50 close to, I ain't in no H yet. But she, she had to come in and, and and, and and swoop and say to day boy. Yeah I had no, I had no structure and discipline. I have structure and discipline when it comes to doing certain things. Right. Saving money, not spending money when it comes to credit and playing that game. Well you gotta pay, you gotta pay on time. All about discip. You gotta pay all time. And it's all about discipline. Yeah. Yeah. Like you got, you got to be. I'm about you got to be on it own it consistently on it. Yeah. Because people don't realize ojo, the thing is everybody paying you paying cash doesn't help your credit.


They need to see you pay on something for an extended period of time. Time. Man. Well you got my goddamn job, Man. Look here man. Or, or you know, you had to put so much money down. You know they, hey, if you don't get no cost on, you gonna have to put so much money down on it. A lot. A a lot. Yes, a lot. Oh man, that was good. That was good man. I said man, please. I said, bro, I ain't, I ain't got it like that bro. But I, you know, I worked on it and, and, and got it. Now Credit Card about pay Take process, even get, get in the good graciousness of having a credit.


But that take time man. It does, Does it. It absolutely does. And Icho, I'm trying to figure out how people owe like 10, 15,000 a credit card and send $50. What the hell you man, your kids gonna be paying off that debt. 50. Oh man. Look here. Look, I know when you got, man, I, I remember my grandfather got my grandmother to sign. My grandfather was a farmer. And I I, I'll never forget my grandmother, co-signed on, on to get some fertilizers, some feed. It wasn't fertilizer, it was feed for the animals. Yeah, man, my grandfather died.


The bill was like, I think he, I think he owed ocho like 2000, 2,500. Do you know my grand my grandfather died in 77. Do you know it took my grandma almost 15 years because on $2,000 she paying $50 a month. Mm. And it's interest. Sometimes she could only play 25. Right. You'll never catch up Man. You'll never catch up. Because you gotta realize my grandmother was only making $197 every two weeks.


Right. So, damn, you got phone bill, you got light bill, you got gas bill. 'cause back then, I don't know if anybody from the south, I don't know if they had it in the, in the north, they used to have those big propane tanks sitting on top. So the the gas company would come fill it up with propane and they ran the line through the house and that's how you cook. So, I don't know. I mean, on the south, I know, I don't know if they don't have it anymore, but they had, we had the, we had like a 200 gallon, 200 gallon big propane tank. So that bill coming once a month. My phone bill coming once a month. Because remember I told you my grandmother wouldn't accept a collect call from me because she told the operator, I said, collect call from Shannon to Bear Porter.


Will you accept the call? My grandma said no, 'cause I can't pay the $50 phone bill I got now and hung the phone up. So money was tight.


You slept through your alarm, missed the train and your breakfast sandwich. Ugh. Cold. Sounds like you could use some luck. I'm Victoria Cash and Lucky Land is where people go every day to get lucky. At Lucky Land you can play over a hundred casino style games for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, go to lucky land slots.com and get lucky today. No purchase necessary. VGW Crew Floyd, were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League has giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in ac Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Juventus by Munich, PSG and so much more. All in one Ultimate Tournament Champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up to date.


This is an ad from Better Help. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for what to do when you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help. And Better Help is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit better help.com to learn more. That's better. HE p.com.


Need new glasses or want a fresh new style? Warby Parker has you covered glasses started just 95 bucks, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays Every frame's designed in-House with a huge selection of styles for every face shape. And with Warby Parker's free home Tryon program, you can order five pairs to try at home for free. Shipping is free both ways too. Go to warby parker.com/cupboard to try five pairs of frames at home for free. Warby parker.com/cupboard


The holidays are here. And The Home Depot has everything you need to stay connected with smart home upgrades. Whether you're keeping an eye out for the big guy or keeping an eye on your family. The Home Depot has you covered with great tech. Like the Ring Indoor camera two pack with advanced motion detection. two-Way talk and Color Night Vision. Plus get your smart home devices the smart way with free delivery. Get holiday ready with seasonal savings happening now at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


So it took my grandmother so long to pay that bill off and I'll never forget, I'll never ever forget when she say Libby, this the last one ain't it? Libby say Yeah, yeah Granny. This the last one man that seemed like you, my grandmother, like she had won the lottery. Yeah because now that 25 to $50 that she was trying to pay every month You could save. Save what? What the hell you save with 197 every two weeks and you got me, Spanky, Libby, my aunt and my grandma. 'cause all everybody else had to had to left there. Maryanne had left, Gladys had got married, INE had left, got married.


So basically me, Spanky, Libby, granny Jane five man please. And they and people talk what they see this ocho it wasn't always like this, bro. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It wasn't always like this. That's that's man, I wouldn't eat no possum. I wouldn't be no Okay. My, like my grandma said okay do without my grandma. Ain't never, ain't, it was never Well what y'all want? What y'all, you ate what was on the plate? You ain't have to eat it. Yeah. My grandma ain't never make, boy if y'all eat that, my grandmother never said y'all need to eat that food. She don't say nothing. All my grandma did was put that plate on the table.


Right. You ain't have to eat, you ain't have to eat no tomatoes and rice. You ain't have to eat squashing rice. You ain't have to eat none of that. Right. There's a mini a night. My brother and I eat cornflakes because I don't like no squash. I ain't eat no okra. I ain't eat none. And tomatoes granted what we got today. Tomatoes and oh dang tomatoes and rice. Now we gonna have, you gonna have rice with every meal. Ocho and you'll get bread. You get two slice. Right. Right. Because back then bread was three loaves for a dollar. And my grandma say, Hey boy, hey you better get something to stick to your ribs. So you know I man, hey I'm like, I I make me a rice sandwich because you know I get me my full slice of bread.


Yeah Man, man please. I don't miss those days. That's why I work so hard. 'cause I know what it was like. See there's a difference between being hungry and there's nothing to eat and being hungry When you got a pantry full of food Right now, I would go, when I played ocho I would go two days, three days without eating. My brother would call and say, man, what you, what you do today? I said, man, I worked out, man, I'm tired. I said, what's going on? I said, man, I ain't eating. He said, why you ain't eating? I say, I want to, I wanna deny myself. I wanna be uncomfortable. I say, I wanna know what it's like to be in that hurt locker.


I say I need to question myself when I'm doing stuff. Why am I doing this? When is it over? How long for what? When does it end? So to be and to see all the food that I can eat anytime I want to to say nah. Yeah, I ain't eat none of it versus it ain't nothing to eat. Right. Randy's like, Hey boy, we ain't got nothing to eat. Y'all need to take them rifles out there and go kill some squirrels or go kill a coon or something. Okay. Okay. But hey, that was the first, listen you, that was the first episode of survival back Then. It was ocho It was, I mean, and and to, to their credit.


There were a lot back then. Ocho they still do it. They were trapped raccoons. The guys, the the men, the white men that would come. They all they wanted was to hide. So they done Right. Mary. We got a couple of coons. You want 'em? Yeah. Boy, go get 'em. Yeah, because that's all they wanted. They just wanted the, they just wanted the pill. So they already have them. They already have 'em. I, I have already cased out. Hell yeah. We want them. Hey Mary, we got some duck. You want? Yeah, the boy. Hey boy. Go get the duck Mary. We call the mess of fish. You want some camp fish? Yeah. Yeah. I, I ain't never been no fish guy Ocho, because you know what that means? Who gotta clean them? I sure hope they clean them. Mary, we gotta a mess of fish. Please let 'em be clean.


God damn. They not. Excuse me, they not clean. Yeah. Now we gotta clean all them fish. 40, 50 fish catfish. We gotta skin, we gotta, oh Lord. Help Mercy, please tell me, everybody in the world don't live like this. No, please tell me they do. So I won't feel so bad. Bad. Yeah. Please tell me that we're the, the only one that's living like this. O Joe, please. Y'all know what it's like. Hey animal in the road. Raccoon. Squirrel. We try to hit it. That's a meal. Ocho you gonna, Hey, the only way you'll say is that you was on the side of the road because we not gonna go in the ditch to hit you, but cross the road if you wanna Got it.


Hell yeah. Yeah. No. Texas, Texas wide receiver. Nico Collins said that they have have to beat the bills for Stefan Diggs. That's what he said. Ocho, we know it's a big game for Steph. We know what we gotta do. We gotta go out here and win it for Steph. I'm happy for my dog. I'm happy that he's a part of the Texas, but know this game means a lot to him. I feel like it's only right for us to go out there, have fun, get the win for him. Ocho, you have a, did you play, did you play the Bengals when you went to New England? Nah. Uhuh. Nope. Nah, I didn't. I it, I'm, I'm, I'm excited. I I, I like, I like what Nico's saying. Yeah, it's gonna be a good game.


It's gonna, it's gonna, it's gonna be a good game. But the Baltimore Ravens gave you the blueprint the Baltimore Ravens gave you, But they can't run the ball like that. Ocho I mean, I mean Joe Mixon still out. Yeah. Or Joe Bass. He probably gonna be out Cam maker out Probably Cam Makers is is the guy. Yeah. And that's not cj. CJ is not, is not he, he ain't running like Lamar. He Not Lamar. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I know. Listen, it, it, it's a different game. But I think, I think, I think, I think the Bills, the bill's gonna pull it off. I Oh, you taking the bills over Ted Texans? Yeah. Wow. No, I, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I think the Texans gonna pull off my bad. What I thought. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I it's too, it's too much firepower Over there. They got a lot of it.


Too much firepower now. And you know, the bill, the bill's got some nice pieces now offensively, but I think Josh Allen has to do too much as a quarterback. Yes. He has to do too much. They rely on him too much to be the savior for that offense. They need to get goddamn Keon. Coleman gone. Yeah. They need to get him going. They not, they not even trying, huh? Yeah, Right now they seem like, you know, I think Shakira Shaki is out this game too, right? Is he Is Shaki out? Yeah. I I I thought, I thought he was hurt. Is Shaki out this game? I I could've swore I, I saw something. He might have been on the injury report, but he might, he might be playing, but it's just, I I don't know man. They, they, they have too much on Josh's plate either Out and he just, he's out.


Ocho you're right, he's out. Yeah, I I knew I wasn't tripping. The Dolphins wide receiver, Odell Beckham Jr. Was activated from physically unable to the pup list, physically unable to perform list. And he's expected to play Sunday against the New England Patriots. Odell spent the first four weeks of the season on the pup list and underwent a procedure on his knee this off season. He signed with a team in May, but practiced for the first time this week. He was unable to practice for the full three consecutive days without, he was able to practice three consecutive days without any setback. Odell returns provides much needed reinforcement for the wide receiver room. Tyreek, Jayla Waddle each have cleared 200 yard receiver yard this season.


But no other Dolphins receiver has more than 30 yards through four games. Mm. I like it. I like the edition. I like the edition. I mean, you, you said, you said he's not the same OBJ that he once was, which obviously probably is so, but I think he still can be efficient in this offense with some of the things, some of the, some of the, some of the, the things they get that they can do. Schematically. Mike Daniels is a genius when it comes to, to what they do offensively. And you know, Odell, you know, on crossers and intermediate and short routes. I think he's going to eat. He's gonna eat. I think OCHO is hard. You've had two ACL surgeries. You've broken Yeah.


You've had two ACL surgeries. You've had broken leg, you've had ankles worked on. It's hard to still be that guy. Yeah. It's hard. It's, there's only so many times somebody can go into Body OCHO and you still that same person. Yeah. So when you look at it, do I think he can help? Do I think he's better than the, the other third receivers that they got? Yeah. Yeah. But you have to understand Ocho, when you've had the success that he had his first three to four years, that's what people remember. Because what, remember when you were a great player, they compare you to your younger self. Right. So they're like, damn man.


No, he's not. He he's he's not going to be the giant Odell. But even if he can be the Rams Odell at the end Ocho, that's plenty good enough. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. That's plenty good. Because you look at him like the last three to four games of the Rams and in that playoff game, the playoffs. Yeah. Especially Tampa. Yep. When they beat the, in the 49 ERs and he was cooking, he was cooking your big before he went down, He were cooking that he was, I ain't gonna sit here and lie. I know one thing, what day I, I said, I said it before he was so electric, he was so charismatic.


I even at one point, I say he might've been the first $200 million receiver. What receivers making? I mean, he'd Probably been the first 20. First 20. Yeah. You Know what I'm trying to say First 20. Yeah. Yeah. Because you know, back then there wasn't no 20 million receiver. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And You know, for whatever reason. But he needed to stay in New York in order for that to happen. Exactly, exactly. Because he was Madison Avenue. He had the endorsements. He, he, like you said, he was charismatic. He was so, so engaging, Polarizing, so Polarizing. Yeah. Kinda went to Cleveland. It didn't work out between him and Baker.


They're losing. Yeah. You know, ACL you know, even his last year, what? Didn't he break his leg? He broke his leg. Would did he break his ankle? I think he broke his ankle. Did he break his ankle his last year in New York? I'm not sure. And then he had that, he had a like a thousand yards that one year in Cleveland. Then he tore his ACL. Hey Unc. Yeah, man. Miami losing 35, 10 Toal. Wow. All in not lost the old show. Like I said, they taking 12 teams Ocho. Now if it, if it was only taking four teams, it'd be a lot of team panicking right now.


But they taking 12. I mean, But I mean, but come on now. You in Miami ranked number eight. You losing the cow. Cow is three in one. I mean, can you imagine the hurricanes of the eighties and nineties losing the cow? No. Being five. Oh, Just they don't, they don't, they don't get that level of talent. Ocho they ain't got no man, they ain't got no Andre Johnson. No Reggie Wayne, no Santana boss. They ain't got no that man. They, do you understand the players that they had coming through that eighties, nineties? Oh Yeah. I know I, yeah, I know Danny Stu or Boogie Jay Boogie Jerome Brown rest his soul. Man, they were loaded. Danny Stubbs, they had Testa Verde, they had Mike Irving, they had Perryman, they had Bra Hill.


You may, you remember Randall Hill? Yeah. They had high remember? Yes. Remember Lamar Thomas. But it was the real deal back then. Boy. Even in the 2000, look at what they had the 2000 they, Sean Taylor, Sean Taylor was on the bench. He was playing special teams. Yeah, They was loaded. Buchanan. Yeah, they had all them. Come on man. They were loaded. Yeah, they were loaded. They, they had Winslow the second. They had a, another tight end that went to Buffalo. I think he went in the third round, what you call them came a little later of Greg Olson. Man, they were loaded. That's crazy. All those Receivers that they had.


You See how you keep, you see how you keep naming off all them names? Yeah. Everybody spread all over the place. Everybody all over the place. Yes. Yes. Oh, now it's time Ocho for your favorite segment. Its time for Q and Credit that credit story. But that was good Man. Don't laugh Ocho I, I came up, I came up outta the ocho. I came up outta, that Was good though, boy. Ke Norwood Jr said Unc. My question is, is, is, is will OBJ make the hall of Fame once his career is over, do you think? Not? I don't think so.


Too much lull in between the highs. I mean, he had a great three that first three years though, Joe. It seemed like he was a slam dunk. He was a Shaquille O'Neal dunk, slam dunk. Yeah. I mean he was a, he was a leg trek Boy. What you see Chase, what you see Jefferson doing their first three years? That was Odell back then. Oh yeah. I mean the one hand catches the swag. He's playing in New York. He's box office. He was must watch tv People got to the game early to see him warm up to see and make those catches.


And, And he was the real deal. Dixon, Mayas, unc we grew, UNC grew up like good times. But in the deep south. Yes. Yes. I mean, yes. Spam. I made Val of sausages, bologna ate all that that I'm talking about the two ocho. I ain't talking about. We ain't get no off that Oscar mile. The light, the slices. Nah, you had to get that big, that big tube with that big thick ass red ca. Right. Dang. Fry that thing up.


Hey, you gotta put the hole because you know that bubble gonna come up. That Ocho. Yeah. Eat that fork in there and make that bubble pop that bubble fry that thing. Put that thing for light bread. That was back then Ocho. I was eating mayonnaise. I don't eat no mayonnaise now. Yeah. I you Eat mayonnaise. I could tell you, man, I could tell you eat mayonnaise. Oh, no, No. Listen back then. Back then. Syrup, sandwiches. Yeah, I warm, I warm, I warmed the syrup and, and, and dip and dip The syrup dipped the bread in wheat. I used, I get Wonder Bread. You got Wonder Bread. Bailey Can fill no damn Wonder Bread. That but high. Didn't I just tell you the bread was three lows, $4, sun beans. Oh, okay. That Wonder Bread is like, it's, it is real soft and, and buttery.


Like Yeah. Yeah. You know, it was, but if you bought a loaf for that, guess what? You're gonna be wondering when you gonna get some more bread, because that would be it. But you could buy no bread for no a, that bread was like a dollar, a dollar 19 for one load. Yeah. Party wasn't gonna have, didn't I just tell you bread was three loa for a dollar and you think Granny gonna let us splurge, let us waste one bread for a dollar 19 And, we could get three Loa for a Right. Right, right. Man, please. Yeah. I wonder where you gonna get some more bread because that's what you'd have been wondering. Yeah, it was nice. The nice packaging Captain John Durst, you know Captain John Durst come in that brown, that brown rapping.


You ever seen Captain John Durst? I know y'all know the cat. Y'all know what I'm talking about. That's wheat. That's wheat Bread. Yeah, but it's not. It's, it's like you said buttery. Don't, don't like no, we bread. You don't like we bread. Oh no. I ain't know what kind of bread I, we called it, we called it white bread or lightning bread. I told you the story Ocho. I was like, I asked the lady, I say I was in Colorado. I said, man, where's the, where's the light bread? You said, excuse me sir. I said, light bread, you mean white bread? No lightning bread. She's like, sir, this is the only bread that we have. I said, well, this is what I was talking about. I don't know what the hell you thought I was saying. It's light bread. I, you know, I done got bad now because she looking at me like, I don't know what I'm talking about.


But in the south we caught it. We called it lightning bread. Light bread. Ain't nobody called it no white bread. I ain't know what the hell. No. White bread was light bread. I know. I ain't the only one. Y'all try to make it seem like I'm the only one that that called it light bread. I know y'all parents and grandparents called it light bread too. Master Tam said, I'll never forget that I couldn't get along because my address was weird and I couldn't be directly linked to my bank account. Even though I have a 7 80, 7 80 credit score. I was so mad. Never again. That's good credit score, man.


I'm tell you boy, that credit boy, It's, it's serious. I don't think, I don't think people understand how important credit is because anytime, listen, just the hypotheticals they always do on Twitter. Anytime I see people say a certain amount of money or credit, people always pick the money. Credit they, you put all that, they make you put all that cash down to get it and see I go get damn near anything with no money, with no money down With good credit. Yeah. With good credit. Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. I, I I don't think people understand that. I said, oh no, Maybe they just have a fascination with just having money in instead, not knowing you can damn near get anything if your credit is on point.


I think that's why it's so difficult. Yeah. And they, they require you to have a certain level of discipline, consistently showing that you willingly, willingly able and can pay things on time. Yeah. But you know what, I hate ocho when they send you like, this is not a bill. Yeah, it is. You said? Yeah, it is a bill. I'm gonna have to pay it. I can pay it now or I can pay it at the end. Yeah. But either way, one or the other. I gotta pay it. Pay it. Yeah. That's a bill. Hey, when that a, that Verizon bill hit, your Verizon bill will be due, be due in two weeks.


Shelly, pay that thing. You pay it right then. And now I pay it right then. Hey, thank you because I Hey, as soon, Hey, as soon as they show up on my thing, I hear Shelly. Hey Verizon due, thank you for your payment. Hey, no, ain't nothing. It ain't nothing. I ain't got a no bill. Ain't, I'm talking about not even three days, not even three days old. The minute it hit Right, it's gone. I I ain't never been in that situation again. Ocho, that's a bad situation to be in. Oh yeah, it is. It is. Ron Devo said thank you. Thanks for the show.


I look forward to you two forward to the show every night. I've been in a hole, for lack of a better word, but your word Sunshine follows. Rain has, has always stuck with me. I'm still pushing through because UNC and Nohow bro appreciate it. And that's, that's it. You know, you're not gonna always be down. People that are up not always gonna be up. Yep. Yeah. You just got, no matter your situation, up, down, topsy-turvy, you must remain, remain this Always Even keel. Don't let your circumstances dictate your emotions and your behavior. And I know sometimes that can be hard because when you're in a situation where things are going bad, it's easy for you to get down.


And when things are going good, it's easy for you. But you're never as good as your best. You're never as bad as your worst. You're somewhere in the middle. So find that ground and ride it out, bro. But we really appreciate your support. Thank you. It's, it's always good when people ocho they call, they call in or they, they they, they come in to chat and they say, you know. Yeah. Listening to you and I and, and, and, and, and advice that they've heard us talk about. Yeah. That means a lot to us. We, so we really, we really appreciate that 'cause appreciate it. Yeah. We wanted to be entertaining. I I absolutely. That's a part of it. But we want to be informative, we want to be educational and we want to inspire, give people hope, let 'em know that sunshine does follow rain.


And it's never as bad as you think it is. And it's never as good as you think it is. But Ron, appreciate it. Thanks for chiming in. Thanks for reaching out to us. Boy. Cedric Phillips said Year Up upset Colorado buffs champs. Oh that would be nice. Oh Yeah, that'd be a good one. Oh, it's gonna be some more. Hey, it just happened to be that upset. Saturday was this week. Oh, it's some more coming now. Oh yeah. Oh, they're coming. You think? You think Texas got a chance of losing? Yeah, they play Oklahoma. I don't think they play Alabama. They got Georgia. I think Texas doesn't. Texas in Georgia. On Texas Schedule. I mean, hell shit. Well hey listen, with the way Georgia playing, I don't think Georgia win that game, but I think it's in Texas too.


I don't think Georgia played Texas since. Yeah. Yeah. See they played Oklahoma next week. Didn't they host Georgia? I don't think Georgia and Texas have played since 1984. I think they played the Cotton Bowl. Hmm. If I'm gone a dream they Played 2019. Oh Texas. Texas beat him. Texas beat him. Oh, because I remember Clarence Hill. Clarence Hill was gloating talking about the mighty SEC.


You're right before that there was it 84? Didn't they play 'em in the Cotton Bowl in 84 and Georgia wasn't like ten nine? Yeah. Okay. Aaron Owen says, what's up Uncle Ocho? Would you guys wear a guardian cap if it was legal to do during your career? Hell nah. Probably not. Absolutely not, Man, that thing have, have you had to look like Marvin to Marsha? Man? Nothing. I ain't even wear no damn mouthpiece.


Put it like this here. If I had a situation similar to two, I would Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Now. Yeah, yeah. Oh, something like that. Absolutely. Yeah. Any precautions that the doctor tells me I need to take or that can help me prevent further injury, I'm doing it. Oh, What was the dude Kelso? He used to have a big helmet in Buffalo. He had like a A And Don and Don BB too. That was Kelso. He had the, the little cap on the top of it. Right. It wasn't called a guardian cap because he had concussion. I think it was Kelso. I can't remember his first name though. He was number 38. But sometimes he would get hit and it would come off. But it was like huge Ocho.


I mean he had like Marvin and marching For real. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. Yeah. I could have swore Don Bibb had that too. Kevin book, in all seriousness, can we get a petition? The Sterling Sharp and Chad Twinkle chose Johnson to be placed on the hall of Fame. If you poll NFL players and coaches the past and present, 99% will vote Yes. I think my brother made it one step past the, the senior. I think he made it on the senior. I think he, he passed another step. So we, I'm praying, I'm hoping, obviously that would be great if Ocho and my brother got in, but I don't even know.


I don't really know who's on the ballot this year. Have they Already announced it? I got, I got me a jacket already. You done lost it. I'm gonna find it, man. All these people on in the chat. I'm, I'm heck, ain't nobody know where my damn jacket at, man. God. Leave somebody got my jacket out there. Yeah.


Hello. It is Ryan And. we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, you know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all Your favorite social casino style games, you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups, and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man. City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in AC Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Juventus by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament. It's champions, playing Champions. And here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win days because nobody watches Uafa Champions League like us Stream every Uafa Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


The holidays are here. And The Home Depot has everything you need to stay connected with smart home upgrades. Whether you're keeping an eye out for the big guy or keeping an eye on your family. The Home Depot has you covered with great tech like the Ring Indoor Camera two pack with advanced motion detection, two-Way talk and Color Night Vision. Plus, get your smart home devices the smart way with free delivery. Get holiday ready with seasonal savings happening now at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability seal home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com. Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I, this is a perfect thing. Billy Kansas State is being overlooked because of what happened at BYU. Mike Gundy is, is a snot head. His perm is finally catching up to him. They lost at home to Utah. It's another one I like.


Will Howard, you know, he's the quarterback at Kansas State. He's not there anymore. He was last year. Will Howard used to be the quarterback at Kansas State. Now it's a guy with long hair, right? His name is Avery Johnson. Avery Johnson. Yeah. Used to coach Alabama. Now he's admir the quarterback. Admir. Now he's the quarterback at Kansas State. I love the the Kansas State Purple. Bobcat. Bobcat there. It's, and this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yeah, that's Captain John Durst. That's it as Bow. Somebody sent that to you or you looked it up. Yeah, that Captain John Durst. That's what my sister eat now. Oh, Sheldon Pope said Ocho. Did you ever have a relationship with Uncle Luke or any of the Miami rappers or entertainers? Yeah, Everybody, you know, every, all them boys, man. We all, we all close. We all close, obviously first name basis. If, if I could pick up the phone and, and you know, text, we, we, everybody is somewhat close knit. You know, myself, Ross, uncle Luke Trick, Trina, jt I, jt I think JT money out there, out there in Atlanta now.


But we all close, man. We, we all close now. We don't run in the same circles. Right. But we, when we cross paths, you know, it's, it's always love it, love always. Last Blocker said, if you want to squeeze a workout in while you're in town, you're more than welcome to come to use Block Fitness in Nashville. It would be an honor to have you there. I don't know how much time we want. I don't know how much time we gonna have joy. We ain't got no time. Joy. Like, because that joke, no, he be hunting. Hey, you need me for anything. He, he, he, he gone, he leave me in as Straight to the gym. Straight to the jail. But that's how I was when I trained. I used to go like that. Also, Justin Carina, yo, uncle Ocho.


Do you have any, any memories of playing in Cowboys old stadium? Especially on the AstroTurf? Yes. We played there in, when did we play in Cowboys there? We played them in 95 the last year they won the Super Bowl. That was a terrible stadium. I don't like, I don't like field turf either. I want grass give me natural grass. Natural natural grass. Yeah. I natural, I never had a problem. Natural. I never had a problem on either one. My last time playing in, playing the Cowboy Stadium. I don't even know if it was a real stadium. What year was when Pac, I think Pacman was there and Tio was on the team. Tony Romo was a quarterback.


Sure. Probably. Yep. That was the last time. What was that's the old stadium? No, that might have been, yeah, it might've been hold on to, was there to played like seven with the year they lost to the Giants. So that was seven. So it might've been seven or eight because how long to to played what, three years in Dallas? It might've been seven, eight. Seven. Eight or nine ocho. Okay. Because remember they went to the super, hold on, he played with the Eagles. That was oh four when the Eagles played the New England, the Super Bowl in Jacksonville. He played there another year. So five. So but 6, 7, 8 with to I think when to was in Dallas, right?


I'm not sure. Pacman. Pacman might have been nine 10. No. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Did Pacman and and to overlap in Dallas? Nah, they, yeah, they, they was there because I saw some of the one-on-ones. Well you was to in Dallas. Ojo. Yes sir. When SATO was in oh six You said oh 8 0 6 to oh eight. Nah, remember the Super Bowl oh four, he played another year because remember he was doing the sit up in the, in the driveway, which was oh trouble.


The next year he was in Dallas. Because remember, remember when you was that in 2007, Dallas had the best record and the Giants go in there and beat him. That might've been the first hold up. Was that the first year of Jerry's world? Oh nine. Eli beat him in that too. Eli was the first one to beat him in there too, didn't he? Because he signed the wall. Yeah. So yeah, I don't know. Yeah, to was six, seven, and eight. Okay. And then I think nine, he went to Buffalo for a year and then he came to y'all in 10.


Yeah. Played with y'all. He played like 13 games and towards me. And then he went to Seattle. That's right. Yep. He won number 10 in Seattle. I remember that. Yeah. But there was a dive. No Slack given, said what's up Uncle Ocho? Me and my wife birthday is today. Can you give us a shout out our names of Chris and Kai Key? Chris and Key have you birthday. Hold on. Y'all got the same birthday. That ain't no fun. Y'all just exchanging gifts on the same day.


Nah, I want my own day. Chrisy. I'm gonna say Kai. KI Happy birthday. Congratulations man. That's, that's great. I'm happy for you guys. Hopefully it's your wedding anniversary and birthday. So y'all have to spend a lot of money, gift giving, exchanging Gifts. Congratulations. Happy, happy birthday. Happy birthday anniversary. All but you. That's how you do it. Rule it all up in one. Don't you know what I'm saying? Don't your, Hey, that's your birthday gift and your anniversary gift. No it ain't. It's Ain't it Easy. So bro, that's one thing OCHO, he can't ever forget anniversary or birthday.


They the same day. Oh no. What's this for Ann? It's your anniversary and your birthday gift all rolled up into one. But congratulations bro. Happy birthday, happy anniversary. Enjoy kiss Chris and Keith aka, excuse me. Hope you enjoyed it. Hope y'all had a nice dinner sharing some nice gifts. But you married, you are having a great time. You're living life, enjoying life. Congratulations. What we got? Oh Joe, check this out. The NFL says it's not involved in the deci in deciding when to return from the concussion to his seeing top experts across the United States as he attempts to return from the concussion he suffered September 12th.


According to the NFL Chief Medical Officer on a conference call with reporters, Dr. Allen s Seals said Friday that the league was not involved in tool's. Return S seals says the league's primary goal along with the NFL's players association is making sure the concussion protocol, the two ent, the two entities jointly enforced. Enforced is being followed by the team. Nah, NFL say y'all not gonna sue us. Hell nah. We don't want no part of that. That's between Yeah, two and the Dolphins. Yeah, That's what that is. Ocho He'll be back a week eight. I told you that. I guarantee you he'll be back week eight.


NFL said nah, we don't want no part of that. Yeah, We don't want nothing. So whatever y'all decide, you have our blessings that's on y'all one way or the other. But yeah, nah, we not touching that one. Don't y'all, we not touching that one. Are you surprised that the NFL is taking this stance? Yeah, most definitely. Oh, but they are washing they hand like my grandma used to tell me. So you're not surprised. I oh, not surprised. Hell nah. After, after that settlement they already had to pay out. Yeah, absolutely not. But we don't want nothing to do with that. That's between you and Mr. Ross. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Because because you know a big entity like that, they get looped into it.


ocho. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And they said nah, win. We don't want no part of it. Alex piano K Roundtree round 4, 4 32 round four. Yep. That's just how I'm, that's what I'm, that's just how I'm gonna do James just like that. Oh you, you go K you go K Obo Man. K just like that. I don't know Ocho I think you be better to like run entire mile out.


Nah, I ain't You got leg, You got your leg kicks. Yeah. Why you ain't never seen me kick a ball? What you think I'm gonna do to his leg? That's a little different. Ocho I ain't no different. There ain't number power ain't number power behind that. Shoot. I might, I I might snap it goddamn damn leg in half. Just listen, I, I ain't gonna do all this talking man. I'm gonna just show you man, How much. It's 35 18 Ocho cal leaves Miami 35 18. Yeah, I'm, I'm, it's right here in front, in front of my head. I see it. So there's, I'm using I'm so you only three down peripheral? Huh? You only three scores down.


Only boy ain't number 14 minutes to go 15. But hey, a lot of things could happen But we struggling to score. But y'all done held them. It was 35 to 10, so now it's 35, 18. So y'all don't stop them a couple times, Man. How long? So two has been out since September. Twe since, so since September 12th they put him on hour. So that means he has to be some miss at least four weeks. Correct? Yeah. So I was right about week eight then, right?


Yes. Because that was the second week of the season, right? That he went down because they won the first game. Remember they came back and won. Yeah. And then the second game he got, he got dinged. Yeah. I don't envy him to be in that position. I mean it's a lot easier for us to say 'cause we sit here. You and I haven't played a number of years and been able to leave on our own terms. Right? When you work so hard for something and not to be able to go out on your own terms, it's tough. It's tough. Yeah. I just hope he makes the the right decision for him and his family.


I know it's hard to let go. Something that you love. You know, people fight for things that they love ocho. Whether it's, you know, it's money, it's a relationship, it's family, you know, sports, Hey, you don't wanna let go because you love it. 'cause you know what you've invested In it. This is a lifetime. He dreamed ever since he was a kid about playing in the National Football League. We all wanna retire. We all wanna be doctors and lawyers. Ojo. We retire when we're ready to, we go on our terms. Pro sports is not always like that, man. It's not always like that. I just wish him the best in the decision that he makes.


That it. Thank you guys for joining us on Upset Saturday for Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite number, 85 Liberty City's Zone. Cincinnati Bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro, the legendary Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure y'all hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. Thank you guys for counting because because of you, we've been able to enjoy a level of success.


And, we greatly appreciate that. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock by the end of the year. We hope we'd be in 14 to 16 states. And if we're currently not in a state or a city near you, you can order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. And it's spelled 84 UNC and ocho ts are back in stock. I repeat the UNC and ocho ts are back in stock if you ordered merch in the last three weeks. It begins shipping last week. And I know some of you guys have sent out letting us know that you received confirmation that your order has been shipped.


So we thank you again. I I got, I got the email today, Man. There you go. Ocho don't wear that shirt on air. No, No. I'ma wear I'ma I'm gonna wear my shirt. I'm gonna wear it. That's my, that's my Michelle. I'm gonna wear that to the K State Colorado game. Oh Lord. Please go vote for for the Signal Awards. Nightcap is nominated Best Live podcast recording. We have a narrow lead over new heights. The Kelsey Brothers 41 to 38 and we're the best, best co-host team. We're currently in fourth place, but we gonna catch whoever's in first through third.


We gonna walk y'all down because are we coming? We got Sport And. we coming, coming. Voting. We Voting. Voting. Also. Voting is open through October 17th. Similar. The We Awards. You have to create an account and verify your email. Ash tested it and it would not count her vote until she verified her email. So you have to create a com account and verify your email. Club Shehe is also nominated for popular Culture and variety Show. Best Athlete Shaping Culture Show and best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you guys for voting and helping club Shehe and Nightcap get to where we've gotten to.


Arkansas. Pulls off Arkansas, not our Kansas, Arkansas pulled off the upset in Fayetteville. The Razorback got their first AP Top five winning home since 1999. Since 1999. And they pulled the upset 1914 over Tennessee. Again. It was upset. Saturday Vanderbilt takes down number one, Alabama at home, 40 to 35. Time of possession, 42 minutes and eight seconds to 1752. They shortened the game. Did a great job of running the football, controlling the clock, and they did. Made enough plays in order to win number 25, Texas a and m at home. Shocks who beat the brakes off.


Number nine, Mizzou 41 to 10 will lead. Nicknamed the blanket will lead a third nickname. The blanket sent Theo, we JR a blanket. Let him know it's gonna be like this, bro. And they win 41 to 10 over number nine, Mizzou, Minnesota at home shocks number 11 USC. The men of Troy. They lose 24 to 17 USC next week. Hoax, Penn State OCHO and the Huskies. A rematch of last year National championship game. The Huskies get some level of revenge as they take down the number 10 Wolverines 2017 Saturday night.


So five teams ranked teams were upset. Aston Genty goes off. 13 carries a buck. 86, 3 touchdowns all in the first half. On 13 carries. He's the first. He's won of five eight running backs to Rush for at least a thousand yards through the first five games. A list that includes Ricky Williams and Leonard Fornet. He has over a thousand yards and five games and he only has a hundred carries. So that concludes our show for tonight. We'll see you tomorrow after Sunday Night Football. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We're out. See you tomorrow.


The Volume.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And, if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean and it fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collections for tees and their bestselling popover hoodie. I love rocking that on game day or really any day shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more, check out bows.com.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave. Check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shave and head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour. To ensure maximum skin contact on all sides from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales, 12 months ending April, 2024.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, Ooo, ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.