
This is an iHeart podcast.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day Experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play


When it's PCS Time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you. As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


This Father's Day at Lowe's. Score free gifts for the greatest dad. Right now. Get a free Blackstone eight piece accessory kit when you buy a Blackstone 28 inch griddle. Plus get two free select Craftsman V 20 tools when you buy an RP Brushless drill and impact driver combo kit. Shop these deals and more this Father's Day at Lowe's. We help you save valid through six 15 while supplies. Last selection mirror is by location.


The volume OCHO Shane Steichen says Anthony Richardson VI visited Dr. Neil TRO in Los Angeles to get a second opinion on his shoulder. Kins says nothing has changed and the plan is to just rest the shoulder for now. There's no timetable on his return. Damn. So you Oh, Joe, we start a race, we running. All of a sudden you catch a cramp or you get tired, your stomach start to hurt so you stop.


Yeah. You see what happened. It just, so Daniel Jones right now is the starting quarterback for the Absolutely. 1000%. Okay. Daniel Jones isn't the answer either. Just FYI It all depends on, what's the question? Name the quarterback that went to Duke. He's the answer when you say he's not the answer. I just need to know the question you asking first. Listen, Daniel Jones is not the answer. I don't care what people say about Anthony Richardson. Him being hurt. He was inconsistent last year. Whatever it may be. Daniel Jones isn't an answer either. And I'm, and that's no disrespect to him. I'm, I'm just being honest.


We saw, we saw a, a large, simple side of what he could do in New York and the biggest market, Yes. Biggest market with some decent talent to riding. You know, I think from Too many turnover, From a supporting cash standpoint, it's a lot better than Indy for Oh, for sure. Man, they got Jonathan Taylor in the backfield. Look at those receivers that got pea and, and, and, and, and Ppen, junior Pippen. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. They, they got some talent over there now. Solid offensive line defense isn't bad. Yeah. With no excuse. If you no Can't get it done here, then you are the problem.


Damn man. And I was damn. Oh, Joe, I For a turnaround here for Anthony Richardson. Huh? Picked the wrong time to have this type of injury because like I said, maybe his AC Jordan or something like that, he went to the Curl and Joe Clinic out, You know, Lee, Neil, Ella, remember I, I was telling you about him. Hold on. Arch. Why are we waiting to do it now and not doing it when the season ended? I don't know. Did he have surgery then? Maybe, maybe he's throwing. 'cause a lot of times, You know, they bring extra quarterbacks in OCHO because they don't want the quarterback throw it so much so early, so. Right. So soon and sometimes they just get dead arms and, You know, gotta, You know, I don't know how much he threw in the off season.


Right. You know, because as, as a pitcher, You know, you gotta throw. Right. He might, he might, he might be overdoing it. Man. There's a possibility of that too. We don't know. We just Yes, sir. Could be On Two years ago. Yeah. Yeah. It's if he's having, I think it's his AC joint, isn't it? He had, he had surgery after his rookie. Well, remember he missed, he only played, he only played like three or four games his rookie year because he got that shoulder and he had surgery on it said When he got here, they're Saying that he landed soreness in that throwing shoulder that he had surgery on. Damn Lion's head coach Dan Campbell wants to have a live lion on the team sideline at Ford Field.


But the NFL said hell no. Despite on a Sheila Ford hemp approving it, Sheila said had no problem with it. But the league apparently frowned upon those type of things. You know what, he'll be a perfect college coach 'cause they, they'll definitely let you have anything. They let you have a Clydesdale, they'll let you have a elephant. A panther. LSU got LSU got what? A falcon fly down at like at Auburn. Yeah. Campbell told Pardon my pardon my tape. Ocho. I mean, you wanna lie on the sideline? Hell yeah. Shit, I like that. So listen, that all that does, it gives me another idea. Obviously I'm not playing, but I could, can you imagine me playing for Dan Campbell, You know, back during those days and a lion on the sideline and I gotta, I get to come up with a celebration after scoring using the lion using our mascot.


Man. Sh man. Yeah, I, I could see me jumping in the cage. I can, I can see that lion tear your ass up in that cage. NFL say the last thing the NFL won that infant lion mess around. Bring up out that cage ocho But don't know. Hey listen, don't nobody want no part of that when you got on pads or not. Because here's the thing, people don't realize, like you see a lion on television and you like, oh, he ain't that. But when you see that four, four in person Close. Yeah. 400 pounds of all muscle. Hey, I want you to think about it for the people in the chat that have cats. Right? Just think about this, think about the people that have cats and how quick and agile your regular home domestic cat is.


Now you take a four, how much they weigh? 4 0 400 average lion, four five Pound lion that has that same type of agility and quickness just for some reason they sleep 23 hours a day and can still jump out. Man, it's dog. They have medicine. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. And they so damn lazy. Hey, they sleep half the day. They a, they hunt at night. They get, they get their little hunt on, get their little a and just chill. Yeah. What a life, Bro. Nah, I'm not, like I said, in college, You know, college, they ain't let anything go. They have goats and they have rams and they have, You know, even Colorado nigga have Ralphie running the field.


Yeah. Or who is that? Oklahoma got boomer schooner boomer sooner. And that little, the little mini horses. Yeah. NFL said, nah, we good. I like it though. That that would be dope. That would be dope if, if they could they implement mascots that were, that that reference the teams but had the real mascot outside of Well we got A, we got, we got mascot fun to run on the field every time this court touchdown The horse. Yeah. Yeah. See every team, I'm saying every team, the Bengal should have an actual Bengal tiger. I mean, I think it would be dope. It'd be fun. Right. You got your damn by. I'm, I'm just being honest. Well the Cowboys, they do have a cowboy.


I mean, So I'm trying to figure out the Giants, how they gonna get a mascot? How tall they gonna be? You gonna be Dang. Are you gonna be Goliath? The Giants? What is the Giants mascot? A giant? That's it. Yeah. Okay. I like it. I like it. I'm just trying to figure out, so The Seahawk, the Seahawks having a Seahawk. Yeah. The Colts obviously having a horse. I'm, I'm I, I'd assume the Chiefs, that's easy. Who else? We got Broncos obviously. Obviously you have the horse. Yeah, we got thunder. Okay. We got Panthers having a panther.


Oh, that would be dope. A black panther coming. Oh, that that'd be live. I'm trying to think what a ravens, it's easy to get a goddamn raven. Yeah, Buffalo Bills. Could you imagine if they had a, a, a, a big bison. Oh, you want him to run out the field like Ralphie, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Get you a real bison man. Yeah, NFL neither. They might as well just, You know, try something different. The One thing about the NFL, they do not wanna pay no money. They make all the money though. I know. That's how you keep it. You keep, keep it. You can, you make it and you don't, you don't spin away with lawsuits. Yeah. Marvin Harrison Jr. Been hitting the gym Ocho, even Kyle Murray couldn't believe how different Marvin Harrison Jr.


Looked when asked about his transformation. Kyle said hell, I thought it was ai. Yeah, he joked up. He more than you Ocho he got you. Nah, we about the same size. Nah, Ocho he got you Ocho. Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm bigger. I'm bigger than junior. I'm bigger than junior. Nah, unc Trust me man. Trust me, You chef. What y'all think? Y'all think Ocho bigger than MHJ? All they gotta do. Look at me man. Look at this Unc man. Look at him Bro. Look at me. Look at this, this thing. This is McDonald's man. What you talking about man? Yeah, see he got real good chicken breasts. You know he probably had some O broccoli.


Who me? Cauliflower, maybe a little carrots, A Caesar salad, salad, kale salad, arugula or something like that. Me. What you talking about, man? What is real boy you talking about? Hey, my a i I'm a full C cup. Like I can't, I gotta put, I gotta put my TI gotta get a egg, a one size smaller T-shirt just to keep my chest down. You are still a small No. What this is a two x. You know it ain't this, This is a two x from h and m. I can show you.


Show me H and m. See God, You save me some, some shorts. Who that You talking about? These are two x. What's that God damn thing. Little. Huh? That's what I'm saying. For two X. Hey, send me them Man. You get on them reform.


Hey, what kind of shorts? They mes? They supposed to be yoga shorts. Oh, they supposed to be small, huh? No, they not. Not for me. Nah, You know, but You know, Hey yoga, you supposed, I ain't never did yoga, but I'm supposed you supposed to be free. You know? Really? How am I free with those little tiny ass things? But you don't want nothing baggy though. Hey, I gotta have, I have to have a jock strap over, man. No, you supposed to have old baggy stuff and yoga. Oh no. You, you want, you wanna be free. Nothing. That's free baggy. It's free, not constricted. Okay, I got you Joe.


I don't know. I Think you might have missed sized these Joseph. They with your at Joe. Joe. Send me something too, man. So, we'll, we'll see. We'll see it tomorrow Joe. Oh Joe. According to Ian Rappaport, James Cook is present at mandatory mini camp. There we go. It's a new deal. James Cook had a simple response to why I like my money. That's why I'm here Cook as he plans to fully participate in training camp. Oh yeah. They take care. They gonna take care of them. They gonna take and listen at the running back position. You really can't play that game with them, boy. Oh no, I'm, I'm just being honest. But they, they do not play that. Even though I, we view you, us on the outside looking in, we view you as a tier one running back along with Saquon and, and, and McCaffery and, and, and them boys.


But you really can't play that. They already don't value the position as it is, as, as well as you did for the bills since you've been there. But they will replace your ass quick in feeling they can put, they can find someone else that can do the same stuff you can do. Nah, I don't do that. Don't play that game. I'm glad, I'm glad it's at mini camp. I'm glad it's at Max. Yeah, Man. Three day Miss mini camp over 105,000 in fines. Man. Listen. And You know, back, back when you and I played Ocho, if you got fine, signed a new contract, the team could forgive that. Fine. Now they can't forgive a fine. Forget it. Yeah, you can't forgive it. Yeah, you don't go play with that money. He gonna be all right. They, they gonna take care of him though. They gonna take care of him. You gonna, you gonna have to wait for him. But they gonna take care of him.


When You're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need. Plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. You know, I'm always seeking out the story behind the story, looking for bold thinking, brave collaboration, and the kind of game changers who make a real difference in the world. That's why I was truly inspired when I found out about the work 3:00 AM Innovations has been doing to make firefighting safer. The story begins as many do with a problem. How can you keep fire crews informed? Connected and as I mentioned, safe when they're doing their vital work. 3:00 AM innovations solution to this problem is Florian an innovative piece of technology that is already changing the way firefighters communicate from dispatch to on scene activities and even all the way to post-fire training efforts. Florian is a powerhouse that offers an unparalleled amount of data for everyone along the command chain. 3D mapping, hydrant status. Automated tracking of crews and more are all available at any moment making the near impossible task of managing a chaotic situation on the ground. Well possible. The whole system is powered by T-Mobile for business's powerful 5G network. But it's more than that. 3:00 AM innovations have teamed up with partners like Microsoft, Panasonic, and others to ensure this essential tech is operational when needed most. That spirit of selfless collaboration is just a small part of why T-Mobile for business gave 3:00 AM Innovations. Its 2024. Innovation in community award T-Mobile for business will once again be honoring outside the box thinking like this on October 20th in Orlando, Florida. If your company is a T-Mobile for business customer, you can nominate your team, group, or organization for this unique award show. Head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter. For more details on how to enter, I'll be there. Will You,


are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


OCHO Shamar Stewart is no longer at the mandatory mini cap amid ongoing holdout with the Bengals over language they want to put into its rookie contract. Per Adam Schefter Stewart left mandatory mini cap due to contract dispute. Stewart, the number 17th overall draft pick is won of four remaining unsigned first round selections from the 2025 draft. His situation appears to be the most contentious from that group. Pro football talks Mike Florio reported on May 24th that the issue between the stu the Steward and the Bengals involve a phrase in which the contract would allow a default in the current year to trigger a default in all remaining years.


Yeah. Hey, hey uncle. It is got, I Mean just think about ocho. Just Think you get a contract. Let's just say for the sake of argument, I get a contract, I got a five year deal, I got a four year deal to 50 option. They can pick it up. So let's just say at my rookie year, I do something Yeah. Contract detrimental. I get suspended. NFLI, whatever the NFL suspend me. Not only can they take the money back that first year, but year two, year three, year four, they get that guaranteed money too. Oh hell no. Yeah. AB Absolutely, absolutely. Hey, listen, as a player and, and chat, y'all stay with me real quick. I'm not sure. Again, I, I asked this when we talked about it the other night.


I asked when it comes to Stewart, what does his background look like? You know, what has he done in the past? What did the Bengals find out? Like, we're gonna take a chance on this young, on his young kid because he is a tremendous talent. But there must have been some red flags that we don't know about. It has to be because there's no reason that the bangals are trying to set a precedent all of a sudden out the blue with this individual as good as he was in college wanted you to and you wanted to draft it this high. I'm not sure what it is. And if, if it's something that other teams now if, if it's something that other teams did, okay, I understand. I understand that. Right. But the fact, the fact of the matter is with that fine language, don't allow it to default money from years down the down the road.


Yeah. Allow it to be a year to year thing. Like if you mess up this year's, your rookie, well all that guaranteed money, your rookie year boom, young boy, you're not touching that. But all the money to come, that's guaranteed moving forward on later years. That's a no-no. As much as I left my Bengals, I I mean I I just don't see and don't, I don't understand what the issue is or why they're doing it. Well the NFL should institute a fine, if a team gets fined for doing something, all the money, the money that you would get in subsequent years would go away. So that $425 million that you would get in 2026. Right. If you did a, if you had something that go wrong in 25, you don't get 26, 27 or 28 money. Hmm. I I got that. They wouldn't go for that. Right, Exactly.


So why do you expect players, why do you think, because you're in an advantageous situation, right? That you want to say, well look, take it or leave it. Hey, take your ass back to the draft young man. I was just get ready to ask you that, huh? I was just, yeah, absolutely. Now can you opt out and go back into the draft again and be drafted by somebody else? That, That that'd be something that, that's something that the, the players Association would probably that get the lawyers involved with the NFL. Because look, you go back and look normally what happens, OCHO quarterbacks are different. But normally you look at what the, what did the player get that was drafted in the same slot in 2024. And normally he gets a 10% raise. So let's just say for the sake of argument, OCHO he got 20 million.


Yes sir. 10%. That's 22 million. Okay. Now you work on, you work on incentives and things like that. How much of the money is guaranteed? 'cause now you look at the top five, top six guys, their entire contracts are guaranteed. Yes sir. The entire contracts are guaranteed. You get 25, $30 million signing bonus at the time. And then You know when you, the rest of it. So if it's a $43 million contract, you get 30 million guaranteed. So, You know, you over the next four years, three, four years, you gonna get 13 million. But you got your money. So they prorated over the length of the contract to sign that bonus. They spread it out. I, the, the Bengals doing this and I ocho I get it.


This is a mom and pop shop. Their dad Paul Brown. Yeah. Left it to the son Mike Brown Bocho. Everybody got 300 to $325 million. Yes sir. That's before you sold anything. Any tickets. That's any concession, any parking pass, local tv, local radio, local sponsorship. So you go the NFL cutting checks for between 300 and $350 million before you do anything locally. Yes sir. And you gonna try to hard time me talking about you gonna take some money back if I do something in year one and you gonna take money from year 2, 3, 4, then y'all better get the bleep outta here. Yeah. It it, listen, it is unfor. It, it is unfortunate uncle. It's frustrating. It's frustrating for me obviously being, being a huge, huge bango advocate.


Noise riding for my team, the ups, the downs and, and, and us already having issues on the defensive end and knowing that's what we need to focus all our attention on. And having a player that you drafted so high and, and, and, and, and, and having these issues and having them not be a part of, You know, mandatory mini camp and him actually leaving and there's an opportunity and maybe a chance that he can opt out and go back into it. Just, it's, it. Yes. It's, it's a distraction. It's a Distraction. It'd be interesting to COO How have they done this with other contracts? Well, listen, I told you, I told you it was a holdup. You know, I mean a little, little, little birdie told me a a a birdie close enough that they had some wording and verbiage and, and chasing Teagan contract that they held it up just a tad bit.


Yeah, but you got old hell no. Not, no, not us. So so this was, this was lingering a little bit, but because they are who they are, they were able to get that, You know what outta there. Yeah. So now we talking about a rookie who has yet to prove himself. You know, we got two that had already been proven. So man, we not signing nothing until that's outta there. So now in this case, they, they ride with it. They, They try, they try, they're trying to draw land in the sand. And so what that means if they start, because here's the thing, I'm not gonna let you start the precedent with me. Yeah. Because what you do, if you put it now, so in 2025 they put this in this contract. Guess what? All the rookies that signed with the Bengals moving forward is gonna have in their contract. Thank that language. Yeah.


You're not gonna start that precedent with me. Yeah, It's not happening. No, It's unfortunate man. It's very frustrating. Very frustrating though. Very, oh Charlie, I don't know if you noticed this today, the new patches for the La Chargers practice. Jerseys. Jerseys. Huh? We missed something. Oh. If a rookie do not sign their contract after being drafted, they can reenter the draft the following year. They can also choose to enter a free agency and potentially sign with another team if the draft team's right them aren't traded. A player who doesn't sign can either choose to sit out a year or reenter the draft later. So he got leverage. What would you Do?


You could become a free agent. What would you do? I ain't said not I be money. I gotta play. I can't go back to college. I ain't got no eligibility. 'cause if I could, I'd go back to college and get an NIL deal. But I'm going, I'm gonna be a free agent because I'm sure Cincinnati was not the only team that had him high on their draft board right. Now is it something like, is it something like, what do they call it? I think they, they used to do where you used to draft a guy in the summer, what did they call that? Draft Supplemental. Draft Supplemental. Okay. I don't think they have the supplemental draft anymore. Right. But if you took somebody, Bobby Humphrey got drafted into the supplemental draft in 1989. They took Steve Atwater first, but they had a supplemental draft.


Bobby Humphrey went number one in the supplemental draft, which means the following year the Broncos didn't have a first round draft pick. Right. So that's how the supplemental draft worked. If you took somebody whatever round you took them in that following year, you lost that round of a draft pick. So with Moore, I'm sure others had him as a top, as a, as a, as a first round, had a first round grade on him. Right. Okay. Hey, what y'all got for your boy? I'm not saying I'm not sitting out on you because like I said, I I I want money. Yeah. I need that. I need that. Listen, Forget the, I mean the money part is obviously, but my childhood dream has finally come true.


Yes. I would work all The obstacles, I overcame everything. I finally get drafted. Boom mama. I made it. Thank you. Now I get here. Now that's another issue. Now that's another problem. Something that I can't avoid. It's the business side of things. It's the ugly side of things. I hate it. I know Young Bull wants to get out there and play. Yes, I understand. If he sits out, I understand if he, if he opts out to, to go back in the draft, I get it. I understand that he's frustrated. I'm sure his, his parents are frustrated. The agent probably frustrated. And so are the fans. So listen, Joe spoke his piece. Joe spoke his piece. But one thing about it, You know, if, if You know the Bengals, if You know management, if You no ownership, you're not finna bully them, you're not gonna bully them.


You're not gonna make them do nothing they don't wanna do. You're not gonna set that precedent as if you joke. So, Oh, I know. But that's kind of why the Beals have been in that situation. They wouldn't pay Boomer, they wouldn't pay a lot of their good players and their good players left. That's kind of why they've been in the situation. Now you got an ideal situation. The last thing you want Ocho going into a season when you have so much hope and promise is distraction. Joe told you that Tre Hendrickson is a distraction because you're not asking how we're getting better. You are asking what should they do? I gotta keep asking this now I gotta ask, answer another question about my first round draft pick. Yeah. And them not getting paid and them trying to set a precedent that no other team is setting.


Yeah. Distraction. But the Bengals don't see. But but here, that's the thing though, Ocho, because see there's really no benefit other than your, your ownership wanting pride. That's the only benefit of winning. Because guess what Ocho whether you get, whether you in the Philadelphia, the Philadelphia Eagles got the same amount of money. Who's the worst? Who picked first O Tennessee? Tennessee, they got the same revenue. Everybody got a check for three 50. So tell me the incentive. See we normally have an incentive because you prize money Ocho you win the event, you get 3 million, you get second, you get 2 million, so forth and so on. But just imagine, would that be any incentive to win other than your pride?


If, okay, first prizes get 5000002nd prize, get 5000003rd pride get 5 million. What incentive if that ocho So the Bengals really don't have any incentive to do anything because guess what, the NFL is gonna cut them a check for 350 million. Just like they're gonna cut the Super Bowl champion or the last place team. And that's before they sell anything or they have any event in the stadium. Right. And so that's, that's that, that's, that's why I mean it takes them Spencer type, I mean some ownership. Clearly Harry Roseman wants to win even though the 49 ERs haven't won. Hell, they go damn near all in every year. Stan Croy the owner of the Rams, he wants to win he damn near shove chips in the military all year.


Yeah. If you notice it's only the bingos that do things like this, the haggle and try to penny pinch bro. You getting a check for three. Damn. Hey listen, I Well it's frustrating boy. It's very frustrating. 'cause like you said, the last thing that you want to have happen on Joe is to have, why are we still talking about a rookie about not signed And hell we are, we damned it. We damned it in July. We going, we going, Hey, we going to training camp in a month. Yeah, yeah. We gonna training camp in a month. And you and I and I gotta deal with this bull jive ocho new patches for the La Chargers practice jersey show both personal and team achievement on East Jersey.


This is the first form of professional, this is the first form of professional football team. Ocho you like this? So, okay, got captain. I can't read this. Is that water? Is that water? Them water bottles. Okay. Yeah. So it got like, it got a captain. So you got the captains. So you got a captain. Yeah. And then you got a star for one year, two year three, so forth. So, and you got Pro Bowl, you got all pro if you, you got the franchise record most passing yards in the season. Right. Okay. Ocho you had the record for the most receiving yards, you would have a patch. Now you, they, I mean that would be, You know what it's kind of like, I guess like nascar you got, You know how NASCAR got all the damn patches on they on their fine suit. I mean this, this is strictly strictly for practice, right?


Strictly for Practice. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. I like it. Now you could put a patch, you could put your patch on there if you have a sponsor. But they ain't, NFL ain't gonna let you put all those patches on. Oh no, no. Not not without them monetizing and making some money off of it. It's not, that ain't happening. But listen, I think it's dope. It is. It is. Yeah. I like it. I do. It's no different than than college. You know, Ohio, Ohio State, Buckeyes, I think FSU You know, they get the, they get the tomahawks and I think Yeah, You remember, yeah, you remember I used did the decal day. You get a tackle, you got a big head score, touchdown. Hey, You know, hey, You know, hey, I get, I need to braid my helmet because I had all You Yeah. You filled up. Oh yeah. Get filled up. Yeah. We had skulls and crossbones. Right, Right, right, right. And We had skull and crossbones don't choke. Okay. Okay.


I mean, I think it's dope. It's cool. I'm cool. I mean listen, it's, it's, it's, I don't Think you really need to incentivize NFL players in reminding them, You know, their accolades and what they've done, what they've done to date. But if man, if they feel having it on the jersey and patches is some type of a motivating, motivating tactic. I I, I guess it's cool Frankly about what, what you would do when coach say, Hey, we win this game. We ain't gotta come in until Wednesday. Boy, I don't care if that let me get money to Monday and Monday and Tuesday off. Man, stop. Well You, hey them joke gone. Hey man. Hey man. Especially if you home. Yeah. Man, guys trying to catch a fight out Sunday night to go somewhere And outta there. Gu out outta there.


Yeah. Oh, hey, all right. Hey, have a good practice. We off tomorrow. Yeah. I'm like, really dude, really? Y'all gonna do this? But for, so y'all, so in other words, y'all been bull diving other practice, but it's, it's, it's little things like that. Hey, hey, we gonna have a wait, we'll have a cookout because we always did things offense against the defense. Right. It was always competition. Whether we bowl, we sh we, You know, we di divided up teams and shot in the, and it was always off. We always competing against each other. Right, right, Right. And so I, I get it, but I like, I do like that Ocho I like that. I like it. It's dope. It's dope. It's dope. Something new. Yeah. It's kind of like the, the Allstar, You know, Allstar in basketball, they started putting your accomplishment four time league MVP finals.


MVP, how many Allstar teams you made, how many, all the NBA teams you made. So I, I like it. You think other teams gonna adopt this ocho? I think they will. I mean, I, I think they will. It, it, it all depends. You think about it, when you look at the landscape of the NFL on, You know, there's only maybe three or four, three or four players that's gonna have patches on their stuff now Because they did it with the Walter Payton, you remember all shows you won the Walter Payton award. They put that, they put that DECAMP on there. Yes. I I do, I do remember that. I do remember that. Absolutely. But I think, I think, I think other teams may adopt it. You know, some, some teams might not really care for it or, or, or want to, to go to that extent of adding patches of accolades and, and what, what people have done, they Do that.


Hold on, they do that at the, at the Super Bowl Now, You know how the guys come out there in the track suits on the Tuesday. Yeah. And for the thing, and you see the MVPs and Stu Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I like, I like this, I like this. I can get behind. It Might be something new, might be something, Oh, Joe left tackle Trent Williams says his goal is to play into his forties. He turns 37 in July is one of them things that where I'm going to do everything possible to play as long as I can and to put a good product on the foot, on foot on football out there. And then when it's going my way, then I'll know. But I could play until I'm 41. Who knows? But that's a goal of mine. I'm definitely not going to retire with something left in the tank. So in other words, he said, Hey, when the wheels fall off, hey call Rhodeside sister to drag my ass off the field.


But until then I'm playing. Right. That's it. And one thing about it, someone like Trent, someone of Trent Williams caliber, a as good as he is, can play well into his 40 As long as stay healthy. Yep. Long as they stay healthy. That that's, that's all that goes. That that's all it comes down to. And the asset, obviously the older you get, the more technically sound you gotta be. The older you get, the more technically sound you gotta be. 'cause them young bulls, You know them, they Coming, they streaming up that edge up to Boy. Well they, they are coming as, as as great as he is got. Yeah. They gotta make sure that kick's still right now you better, still better to anchor down. So if anybody, And I think the thing is, the thing is now Ocho guys do a better job of taking care of themselves regardless of position.


Right. And even though they might not have the most aesthetic bodies, guys take better care of themselves. Right. Guys take better care of themselves. They do. They just do. Because I got into the league guys, were still smoking cigarettes. I ain't gonna call no names. Well guys was still smoking cigarettes. Hey, we get a break, guys go into their car, they standing outside their car, they're smoking. Like I tell you the funny thing I see, I saw Greg Towser at the Raiders. I mean we walking in the first game of the season. We played on the road at the old Coliseum. Man, I get, I I'm walking out and walking into the locker room by the time I get there, he's sitting outside on his helmet smoking. I couldn't believe it.


I couldn't believe it. Don't you now do did I know guys? Yeah, we had very prominent guys on our, on our team. Right. That smoke, but not on Sunday. Yeah. Hey, that's funny. In the game, You know that classic picture of Lin Dawson? Yes. That, that's, that's Exactly how town was sitting on his helmet smoking a cigarette. That that was, but But you remember that picture that I think that picture's in black and white. Yeah, I saw they were my own color eyes. Hey, that's funny man. That's Joe, it was wild back then. Like some of the stuff Oh yeah. Was wild back then. Boy, I heard The story. Boy, you ain't gotta tell me. Listen, I listen, I done sat at Twin Peaks for LT and I done got done, got some good stories on. I done got some ERs.


Yeah, but It's, I Don't mean, I don't, I don't mean to be disrespectful. Right. But when you played football, when you used to fly airlines domestic, was that during the time they could smoke cigarettes on the plane when you Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. You used to be able to smoke in restaurants. You got a smoking section or a non-smoking section. Yeah. It's like, would you like to sit and smoke at a nine? And a lot of people like, well what's first available? But, but if you, if you at a restaurant, what about going, you might be back to back but at a smoking section do Damn, that's, hey, You know what, history or your pizza self, right? No, I don't think that was coming back Ocho. You don't think so? Hell no. Not smoking in dope. Nah.


Now if you go to casino, Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The Club, You know, they make anything, they smoking cigars, cigarettes, weed, all of the club. That's what, that's what really stopped me from going to the club Ocho. Why Me? All that smoke, man, you gotta hang, you gotta hang your shirt up in the shower and stuff. Okay. I understand what you're saying, but I didn't, I didn't know that would deter you from going to the club Now. Yeah, I don't like all that smoke. Well, what deter me from going to the club? I don't like be, I can't stay. I ain't no, I ain't no late. I'm a, I'm a early riser, so I need to be in, Don't forget it. Now your boy, he is an early riser too. Now understand. Understand. But you gotta understand, I take a nap during the day if I know I'm gonna wanna do something. Yeah. When I went to area 29. Yeah. That had to do, I had to do the, do the show and I slept for five hours during the day I take nap.


Yeah. See I can, Hey, When I go to Tootsies, when I go to Tootsies, You know I gotta get my seafood, rice and lobster tail. I take a nap during the day. And the fact that I only go places where I can smoke my cigar. If I can't smoke a cigar, I'm not coming. I'm not coming. Like, don't even invite me.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need. Plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan meta glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here and I'd like to talk to you about inclusion. What does that mean? Well, it means making the world more accessible for everyone, including people with autism. Specifically I'd like to talk about the efforts of the folks at Easterseals Southern California have been undertaking to ensure that neurodivergent people are able to use personal transportation safely. Easterseals Southern California was faced with a problem. Some people with autism can have difficulties running in their family vehicles safely. They may become dangerous to the driver or others in the car. This greatly impacts the quality of their life to serve the communities it works with. Easterseals Southern California needed bold thinking and powerful partners. This partnership came in the form of Florio vr, a company that focuses on creating immersive first person VR experiences that help people with autism learn how to safely navigate the world around them. Powered by T-Mobile for business's 5G network. This first of its kind therapy is tailor made for Easterseals as specialized communities. Thanks to this innovative therapeutic approach, neurodiverse individuals can practice via simulation, riding in vehicles safely, adjusting to distractions outside of the vehicle and to different routes. All with Easterseals is trademark individualized learning approach that teaches independence and makes the world a little less scary for its efforts. Easterseals Southern California was awarded first place for innovation in customer experience by T-Mobile for business in 2024. This year's awards will be held on October 20th in Orlando, Florida. And we're looking for your game-changing projects. If your company is a T-Mobile for business customer, you can nominate your team now. Put your best foot forward and reward your team's hard work entries closed July 31st. Head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter right now to learn more.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover, learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Yeah, I'm not, like I said, I I but I've really never, like, I'm not a, I'm not really a go out type of person. I like to go out for and I ain't really trying to, I ain't trying to close the club down. Right, Right, right, right. You know, Last call for alcohol, last call last. I ain't trying to be there, right? I got you. I ain't try, I ain't trying to. I Hey, you still sitting on the stool in the man trying to move the stool out the way and try to clean up. And you still there bro? Take your As on. Hey, hey. The lights come on. I, yeah, and I heard some funny stories, like women look different women look different and You know, you get a couple drinks. So You know some people that's really not attractive. They look a look different. You get a few drinks on you, You know, they hit them B lights on and you get to see what you look like and You know, hey, But what happens?


What happens when you ain't got no alcohol in your sister? Hey, wait some, hey, my homeboy say when them lights come on, that's the fourth quarter. You better get what you can. You better get what you can. Nah, I, I done lost this one. I I I take my chances next time as the Cleveland Brown quarterback competition progresses into mandatory mini cap. Shado Sanders has often found himself practicing with the backups while team other passes. Flacco Pickett and Dylan Gabriel have received first team reps. Shado said he's unbothered by practice reps instead of looking to take advantage of every opportunity. Gift life is just based on how you view different things. So you can view things if you're not getting reps in a negative way.


Or you can view it as, okay, it's my time to get out there and let's be pro proactive and let's get warm, let's get going. So there's no excuses because when you get out there, nobody cares how many reps you got whenever you got in the game. Nobody cares if you took a snap before. Everybody cares about production. So that's the main thing when you get out there, you got to be able to produce ocho. See, I love this response. See, now you got me questioning whether or not he was unprepared when he came to those meetings. I think y'all tried to salt that man up. Oh, you, I've only heard responses like this. All the press conference. Yeah, he had, I mean, when he was in college, You know, he was a a little facetious at times, but I didn't never, I never got the, the, the, the, the inclination that he was unprepared if the one thing that he was going to be is prepared.


Prepared, yeah. His father prepared him. He understands his dad. Although he didn't play quarterback, he understood what comes along with playing the quarterback. Right. I just lo IIII love the way he's answered. The que answered that question. He's answering the questions perfectly. And the funny thing about it, I, You know, I got a co I got a couple of young bulls out there. You know, I talked to Denzel Ward, You know. Yeah, I, I talked to some, but let me, actually I say the name, but anyway, I done talked to some people, he looked different. There's a difference when that young bull is out there spinning that ball. You hear me? Difference. I'm talking about, I'm talking about football. I ain't talking about no media and all that, all that hoopla. And all them, You know, on Twitter, they putting up the numbers. Some he with 10 for 12 or two touchdown.


I'm talking about when he's at the helm, he looks different. Whether he going with the first team, second team or third team. It don't matter. You know, I understand getting drafted in the fifth round, all that means nothing. When it's time to play football in that whistle blows. He looks different than the rest of the competition. That's, that's what I heard. And I'm talking, I'm talking from, from, from a, not not brother ward, I'm just talking about from sources that's in that room, that's on that field that's playing the sport. Man, come on man. I I tell You this is something that I can relate to. Yeah. You can't relate to this. You are a second round draft pick. So you've probably had worst case scenario you was running with the second, the twos.


Soon as you stepped foot in the camp, I was all but somebody that, but if somebody that was a seventh round draft pick and that was with the third, fourth 15, the last guy to get a rep. Some days Ocho, I get one rep. What? I get one rep. That's all I got. You serious? That's it. Oh, that's it. I would, I would've cut up boy. You got me, man. Shit, I just, I, I just remember having a conversation with my brother. My brother would tell me, he say, man, how it going? I said span man, I ain't, man, they ain't going, they ain't, I got like one rep. I got like two reps. I ain't even get in today. Damn. He said, don't worry about that. He say one day John Wig gonna call on you. Yes sir. Just make sure when he call on you, you answer.


Just make sure you're supposed you where you're supposed to be when you're supposed to be there. That's all they talking about. He ain't say, ah man, they messing over you. He never said he kept, Hey, You know what you can do now you gonna get your opportunity, it's gonna come. Yeah. And when it comes slowly and sure I with the threes, slowly but surely I with the twos On there. Hey now all of a sudden, hey shark, get in there. I'm in the slot but I'm running with the ones. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. So make the team mainly special teams. But You know, hey, they call, they want somebody. It's a, we ran the ball a bunch. So, You know, I'm big receiver, I'm blocking, You know, hey, it didn't matter.


I'm blocking Cher. Right. Ronnie Lott, You know Eddie Anderson, all them big time, big time hitters. But that's the only thing that my brother told me. He didn't tell me they messing over me. He didn't say, all he said is like, You know what, John Elway gonna call your number one day, just make sure you answer. And I was like, You know, I would go, I would go ask John, man, what, what can I do better man? I just, I just wanna be, I just wanna be like, when you, when you call him, I wanna be there. He's like, Hey, just make sure you get your head around, make sure you get your depth on your routes, blah, blah, blah. You know, we run certain drills. He is like, Hey, I like that. I like that effort. Mm. Slowly but surely. So if I could give, I can't give you no advice how to play the quarterback position, but I'll say just keep doing that.


Yeah. Just keep, just keep doing what you're doing. That's all you gotta do. And people are like, man, you always turn it in. I said no. What I try to do is that in situations where Ocho and I, we try to do is that if we been in those situations before, we can tell you how we handle it. We can get go inside because you're talking to people that was in the huddle. Not somebody I didn't cover the game. I cover the game now. But you're talking about somebody that was in the huddle, know what it's like on fourth and three. That's, know what it's like when it's first in goal and you're down six. So I ain't telling you what somebody told me to say. I'm telling you through firsthand knowledge. Yeah. Firsthand knowledge. Being in the locker room, being in those meeting rooms.


I, I love what Shado said. I love the way he's handling it. I don't know when that time gonna come. Ocho. Yeah. Because the man say you don't know when I'm coming. He said, you better make sure you be right when I return turn Manor doesn't know when the opportunity will present itself. He gonna be ready sh hey I wanna get back to this one rep man. Now that, that's, that stuck with me outta everything you done said 'cause but they what I would to raise hell, you Hear me? Oh, I'm a seventh round draft pick. I'm a body. Oh shit. Okay. My bad Ain't no. Yeah, if I was the first round draft pick and I ain't getting but one rep or second round draft pick yet, I, I would have some issues too.


But I'm a seventh round draft pick. And You know, the thing is with me, I played one, I played, I played, I was the Z receiver. Yeah. So now You know Ocho, you come as a rookie, you see you slot, you x they throw you in a couple of plays a tight road. Can I learn, let me learn one thing. Right. Come on now let me, let me, let me, I'm trying to write cursing and you trying to get me to do trigonometry, huh? Man, One rep and two reps aren't yo, that's all I, we out there for two hours, You know. Hey, everybody else getting called to get in there.


Hey Turner, get in there. Johnson. Get in there young. Get in there. Everybody get in there last play Sharp. Get in there to Z Man. Listen. Huh? Lemme tell you something. Oh Lemme take that back. It was called, it was not called a z it was called the Wing. Right. Sharp. You at the wing. Hey, you gotta think in 2000, man TJ was on here with us. Remember? He told you? Yeah, I take, I was taking scout. I'm talking about 2005, 2006. I'm talking about my whole career. I ran our plays and I ran scout team.


Right. I'm, I would purposely the Gunter on special teams. I would purposely go on special teams just to keep myself running through the whole practice. And I, our purposely took the scout team, whoever the number one receiver, based on who we plan, let's say we playing the Jag, You know, we playing the Jags. I'm Jimmy Smith on the scout team. Right. And I take every rep. 'cause now I get to work with the number one DB on our team and gave him good work. So he'd be ready for Jimmy or Kenny, them Kenny McCart there on Sunday. Yep. And I, man Marvin and Hugh Jackson would have to pull me the f outta practice. But You know, Ocho in training camp, it ain't really no scout team.


It's ones versus ones. Ones. Yes. Yeah. You, you don't get, you don't really get to the scout team until like that first preseason game. Yeah. Because now, okay, offense, you going against the twos defense, going against the two offense, things like that. And then obviously when you get into the regular season, the scout team, You know, go to get, give that. So yeah, that once the, once the regular season came. Yeah, I was, I was, I that's me, I followed the ball. Right. Whoever would've been the best receiver, it was Tim Brown. I'm Tim Brown. I'm Slim Brown. Yeah. And You know, I'm saying Old Timmy, man, Timmy was fake. That's the same thing. Rod Smith came in, he said, man, he, his rock was right across from mine and he, every day he absorbed everything of everybody that was under the offense that I've ever been around.


Rod Smith probably was probably my greatest student because he absorbed everything he said, man, I, I just want I said, he said, man, I want, I want that. I said, what? You, what? He said, man, the way the crowd cheer you, the way everybody respects you. He said, I want that. I said, I tell you what, when the scout team come, whoever the best receiver is, you get that jersey. I don't care if you are ex, I don't care if you're z You get that jersey and you go out there and when they say, Hey man, look, you bust their ass. I like that boy that got man, The first time folks got in a game. Yeah. We played Washington in Denver three by one. We down, Hold on.


Where he at? He, he, He, the ex receiver. They put him to the side by himself. He By himself. He got Darren Green matched up on him. John threw him the football. He jumped over Dar green and catch it. We win the game. Oh, rod. What? Rod? You talk to Rod lately? Yeah. Yeah. I talk to Fu all the time. Yeah. Yeah. We, Hey him. You know, I still, it's, there's a few guys I stay in touch with a lot. Obviously Burns. I talked to House, who's my backup uptight end Chuck. I was another backup tight end foot. But I, You know, it's a few guys I still keep in touch with. Yeah, Right. Cool. But that's what I tell guys. And, and a lot of you, You know, they say there are conspiracy theories circling that Cleveland trying to force the early piece.


Yeah. They're gonna do everything they possibly can because they draft. They don't wanna look bad, don't you? Right, right, right. If I draft Gil and Gabriel, Howard did I draft the Shado and Sha do IPL him, but I make me look bad if Jake gets in there. I signed Kenny Pickett as a free agent. If he gets in there and he outplay, performs Kenny Pickett, that makes me look bad. Right. So I'm going to give these guys every opportunity to succeed because I, I don't want y'all to make me look bad. Right. Because you can say, oh yeah, we, we didn't have this grade on him. Don't matter the grade. 'cause at the end of the day, you gotta play. You can give that guy A plus, or B, whatever the case may be.


But when we get in there, yeah, some of 'em gotta give. Oh, I well him some good days, boy. Oh yeah. Oh, but I love, I love the way she do a answered the question. It is like, look, first team, second team 13, when they called my name, I'll be ready because that don't nobody care. Didn't nobody care. The a all the tight ends got hurt and they putting a seventh round draft pick in there from Di from Savannah State. Ain't nobody care. Nothing about that at all. All these songs. Number 81 Sharp man, that Sterling's brother, I wonder if he's as good as his brother. Hell, if I was, they'd better have took, they took me into Seventh Rod. I'm just as good as my brother. Somebody doing some hell, some poor ass scouting.


But I thought I was ocho you couldn't tell me I wasn't as good as my brother. Oh, yeah. I'm gonna call his records. I did everything that he did. Everything he did. Now, was he more physically like I was more talented, right? He was a harder worker. Right. So once I, once I got to college, I was like, man, I was like, man, Scott ain't really come because he was telling me, man, we had, I all the scouts from every team, I think at the time looked like 20 18, 20 17. Yeah. Every scout was here today. I said, oh yeah, y'all have any scouts? Like, nah, we ain't have no scouts down here. So I know the opportunity.


So I got to, I, I gotta do something to make the scouts come. Right. That's it. Should do. Or keep doing what you're doing, bro. I love it. I know your doc, your, your dad dealing with a little, some health problems right now, but you've gone through adversity before when you did Jackson State and your dad had that, had those blood clots you built for this. Oh yeah. You are absolutely 1000% built for this head up. Pray it up. Stay up The volume


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely,


Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. With family, cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome to the family, no Purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions. Apply


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeart podcast.