
If you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple. Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple card.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different Vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're re in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bs.com.


The holidays are here and The Home Depot has everything you need to stay connected with smart home upgrades. Whether you're keeping an eye out for the big guy, Ho ho, Or keeping an eye on your family, The Home Depot has you covered with great tech like the Ring Indoor camera with advanced motion detection two-Way talk and Color Night Vision Plus. Get your smart home devices the smart way with free delivery. Get holiday ready with seasonal savings happening now at The Home Depot. Subject to availability Home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video this Thursday it's a Sean Peyton Homecoming as his Denver Broncos take on his former team. The New Orleans Saints Join, Al, Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett, and Kayleigh Hartung for a game you don't want to miss. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight live from New Orleans Not a Prime member Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and You can cancel it anytime. It's the Broncos and Saints 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night Football and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for detailss.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It Can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software. That can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense We. Don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns? And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to Odoo your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of FL Plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call one eight gambler gambler Odoo 7 7 4 Might Not Problem Gambling. Call 8 8 7 9 7 7 7 7 or visit Cg Odoo Org. Please play respons On behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resorting, Kansas 21 and over. Varies by jurisdiction void In Ontario. One No sweat bet for a new customer issued does one bonus be based on the amount of initial losing bonus That expire. 160 They adam dkg Odoo com Promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsibility. Gaming resources.


They know you gotta trade it. I ain't gonna give you What. You want Plus. We ain't playing none of the salary because the Raiders won't, you know, What, I'm saying That teams want the Raiders to pick up the salary. Right? I just hold onto 'em and, and Odoo It in off season. I don't like this from a dog. I don't, I don't like It from a dog. One bit from a production standpoint, from a statistical standpoint. When You can not, when You can not put up the numbers you should be It gives you as a player, no leverage can you have to rely on What you've done in the past as a way to attract suitors.


I hope I would love, I would hope and I would like for this situation to, to get rectified rather sooner than Later. I mean, for, for, for me, to me, you know how I feel about, you know, Tay to me being one of the best in the league can, if, if not still It, just That. The, the fact of the opportunities don't come as often as They should. The, the, the consistent quarterback play That he's used to having, being put in position to make plays consistently. He doesn't get it as, as often as we're all used to seeing. So obviously he suffered because of That and now we're at a, at a point where he's not happy.


I don't think the Raiders are happy with him. And let me fi lemme find That They need to get just, just fix the situation. Get get It, get It out the way. Just get it out the way Hey. Let me find out. You come to me as a Hey Hey man. I'm trying to sell my house. I said really can What you looking for Ocho man I ain't looking for for six and then I read the paper. Chad Ochoco Ochocinco Johnson house about to go in foreclosure. Nah, ocho, I ain't gonna be able to give you six. Nah bro. I'm sorry Hey. You gonna gimme What You can 'cause I'm in for court foreclosure. Huh? You damn right. And That and that's What the Raiders And that's What Teams know the Raiders are up against. can They know? You gotta get rid of it. Right. They know Tay is unhappy man.


I can you a second round pick Hey. It's a dirty game man. It's a dirty game. It's a dirty man. Why Odoo think why you think They charge you $20 for a beer a stadium can. Where you gonna get beer from? I charge you $10 for a Coke. Where else you gonna get it from? can you Ain't got no choice. I Would charge you $10 for a hot dog. can Well you better eat a belly for before you got There because your ass gonna be hungry because Oh can These are the prices, Right? Hey. Hold on. How about this though? Why you think when there's a huge sporting event, let's say We got Super Bowl coming up. Why Odoo you think the hotel price is gonna go up? Can why, Why Odoo? You think the flight price is Gongon gonna skyrocket And I'm gonna make you get, I'm gonna get you a full night minimum because I ain't gonna have you break your ass in on Fri Saturday night and leave on Sunday.


No, Sunday no can Uhuh Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday night. Can We need all your coins? Yes. So I don't know to tell you, you, you are absolutely right They. Anytime the weekend come, the price is gonna skyrocket. 'cause They know people wanna travel on the weekend. So it's best to try to, you know, if You can, if You can leave it, you know, Monday, Tuesday, right. Come back on a Monday, Tuesday. Because when you bring Yas back on the week, Hey, everybody wanna go somewhere or wanna get back. But can I, I, I can't Odoo, I, if I'm, if I'm a team, I'm gonna hold out Hey, I got a fourth for you.


That's all I got for you. I got a fourth round for you. can That, if We make the, the a Ocho That, if We make the playoffs, I give you a, it'll go to a third. It just make them ha just, just make them happy. So Bose sides can part ways Can people talking about you You bring stuff to the movies. I mean I guess now, 'cause back in the day, They let you bring nothing to the movie They They looking. I mean I take, I take bu I put Twizzles and SBU in my burst in my pants and stuff. You know, What, I'm saying like, There made It man They charging five, $6 for That stuff. Is it? I, you know, What the fact I'm talking about, I haven't been to the movie in a very long time. I can't re moment the last movie I did see, obviously I can't Either.


The Ocho now That you mention it, But I used to. Huh? I can't now. That you mentioned it. I can't re moment the last movie I saw in the theaters. Right. You know, I, I've watched a com. I mean I think I've maybe watched two movies in the last five, four years and on my tv, but at the theaters. Please tell me the last time I've been, before Covid hit, I went to C Bistro. Y'all got tro and where you at? We. Odoo can. Boy man, I had, I had this, I went to Bistro. They had the calamari can They had can They had the calamari first. They bought me to Calamari, then I had the steak can with the mashed potatoes and the broccoli can. Oh man, UNC man I can't even re moment What. I can't even re moment What movie That was I saw but God damn I ain't been back since Can Ain't back Sense.


But That was an enjoyable moment. I gotta be careful eat like That because you know They got them seats. That lay all the way down. Oh can man I eat like That. I don't put That bacon. I'm gonna sleep man. I eat all That food like That don't you? I'm going sleep. can That You happen? That can happen can And don't Let the movie, don't let the movie be boring. But They had to come in There and wake you up, You know, What. I'm saying don't let go in There. Ain't nobody in There with, you know, ain't nobody in There with us. Hey stop. Boy you gonna Odoo it Here Can me, Alright, am I Hey?


That's a different kind of movie Man. Look, It back in the day, I, I couldn't Odoo it now. Right, But caught your boy about 25 ago. Oh, his own, Oh, I want to thought I don't want get caught Ocho but I want the thought of somebody like, but now I can't even take That shit no more. Ocho can. You can't. Odoo It. Thank you. You can't Odoo it. Hey. Hold on. You been to the drive-in theater before? can Okay. I'm just, I'm just making sure. Matter of fact, Last time I went, last time, time I went That's, you know you boy I already know You Had you.


I already know you ain't got can listen. You ain't gotta tell me twice. Hey. That. That's a nice date. Now. It's, it's not Now That, I think about it. That's a, that's a nice cool date. Drive in, pull up. Especially We got your convertible like back in the days. I'm talking about back in the day, back in can can man put the top back man you got your blanket, you got your blanket. It wasn't no camera phones, Ocho, nothing. Wasn't nobody Hey. Everybody walking by They minding their business can, I'm handling my business, you know, What, I'm saying that's how that's supposed to be. It's business o Business. can you mind your business? I'm handling business. Can can The good Days On Moreland. As a matter of fact, if you in Atlanta, y'all know about the drive in on Moreland.


As a matter of fact there's A federal Wait is he There in 2024? I think so. I ain't been in a long time. Oh, and there's a federal prison right across the street. Yes sir. Anybody in the chap? Any, oh see can, he's a right off Moreland Avenue. That's What. He talking about There. You go more avenue. Oh, so it's still There. Still There. That's live. That's live. I, I need, I need, I need to find a drive in here in Miami or anywhere in the area. I I I drive. Y'all got them I drive. can, Can, I mean, like I said, I mean We used to have a There was one in There was a drive-in, in, in, in Vidalia.


There was a drive-in, in Claxton. There was a drive in, in, in Hinesville, right. Hinesville is Fort Stewart. That's where the army base was. They closed the one in Claxton. That was the first one to close. And then the one in Vidalia, excuse me, They closed That one. And then you had to go to, you had to go to Fort Stewart. Now I think, I think the one in Hinesville is still open to drive in. I I You be wrong. And I ain't now You can talking about, I mean maybe I was in high school, maybe high school my freshman year in college. So I couldn't tell you. But I know That one on more of avenue. It was open Can, It wasn't the only thing That was open either, you know, What, I'm saying lemme go ahead. I'm going on, I'm going on. You know What, I'm saying the Patriots rookie.


Drake May and his girlfriend Anna Michael Huss started dating when They were 12 years old. 10 years Later. They're still dating O Joe. That's Odoo you re moment your girlfriend from when you was 12 years old. When I was 12. re moment. I I, I told the story. I told the story. I thought she was my girl at the time. Can You know, I let her get my crayons outta my 64 crayon box. I let her get the red shades and I and know I went to PE and she was playing with somebody else at pe. So I thought she was my girl at the time. I, I think probably if, you know, she was loyal during those days, We would probably still be together today.


Man, stop it. No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I just, I think We would because I I mean this not, I had loved her. I don't think you understand the importance of having a 64 box of Crayola crayons back in them days. I Odoo That. Oh, That was like having a, a Ferrari or a Lamborghini for us as kids. 64 box of Crayola crayons. You like Skittle And I gave, I gave you three of my red color shade. Three different shades of red. I let you use 'em 'cause you need to use them. And, and when you go to pe you playing with Timothy. Well Timothy say he needed a shade of red Hey boy after That. Well when she came, They came back to class.


I took my goddamn crayons back. I ain't speak up for about, I ain't speak up about two months. Don't even look my way. That's alright. Timothy Was talking to her. Timothy probably said don't worry about him, he don't mean nothing else. Oh, Whoa. Listen, Timothy couldn't Odoo nothing with her because he had a, he only had a, a pack of crayons. can his, his parents ain't get him the six four bucks. Okay, so that's the same That you just talked about. That message about 80 20. can she left? She left the 80 for the 20%. But guess What. She said, you know What Timothy said I got eight pack and her you got 64 pack and nothing. I take eight pack of her. That's fine, that's fine because she gonna Odoo it.


Hey. Listen, the one thing about it, if she did it to me, she gonna Odoo it to you. That's okay. I'm trying to think. 12. So What grade you in in 12 ocho eighth. Well, don't can don't get me, don't get me the line. Probably seventh grade. Seventh. Don't Gimme the line. can I ain't saying because I already told you my casket gonna a lot because I'm taking a lot of itch to my grave. I want, y'all know I need some strong brothers. can I six Y'all got, because Myke gonna be extra heavy. Ocho I'm taking inch to my It, so.


Oh no, I've tried to 12. Did I have to? Was I even man, not, not the seventh grade, eighth grade. Nah, wasn't no girlfriend. You know, Can, I mean she had a boyfriend but I have no girlfriend. Oh. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Well you was on demon time back in the sixties, huh? Man was no 60 man. That's the damn hell roll with you. Hell roll with you man. Man. That was late seventies, Okay.


Sixties, seventies, all the same. Ain't long. Nah, What That. No can that's, I mean I, I know some people That, That, That, That dated There, I mean was with their girls since They were like 12, 13, 14. Can, oh I don't, I don't know nobody. I got a lot, I got a lot of class, I got a lot of classmates. That, They been together, That Together. Like That can They married, can, can, they've been together since They were like, like the 10th grade. You know, What I would have, I would have to think, but honestly I don't know anybody.


And it is commendable for brother Drake may to be able to be doing this can For sure. I don't think You understand. can every, everybody called pickle In today's time, Oh can What. You think it is on the next or everybody's replaceable and Oh, everybody is replaceable. No matter What. No matter What. You may think or What you may feel about yourself, but everybody is replaceable. can but They, just They just bounce and bounce and bounce and, and just can keep on bouncing till They find one That sticks can.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 24 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What. It all means for the future of our country watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C


Hey. What's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And if you haven't shopped There recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start first. Abercrombie's Deni quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their lose jeans. It fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing That, so you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see What. Everyone's talking about


The time for holiday hosting is upon us. So make your second bathroom second to none with Home Depot dot com's Best savings of the season right now. Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices That will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath Plus free delivery at The Home Depot. Subject to availability. See Home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


What's s good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds To have a good sound and to be so light on your ear. It just like a dream. For more. Check out b Odoo com Hey Guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade This podcast. We got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, We, Odoo 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode, and I'm supposed to really care whether or not Camera Rising plays well. Here's the big difference. All right, and what's the spread? Utah is a six point favorite. Okay, so they're so teams are four and one. They're going to Tempe. It's Friday night, Billy Friday night. Weird Thing happen.


Tempe, Scottsdale, most beautiful people on, on the planet. At least on the women. I don't, I haven't looked seen the guys. I don't think there's gonna be a lot of people at this game. 'cause they're gonna be like We are in, we're in like the most beautiful people place. Why am I watching to see if Camera Rising Place can They, can They have camera rising Exhaustion too. can They. They're they're tired of it. They want other things to rise? So, oh, There. It is There you. So I think that's gonna play into Utah's hands. Okay. They're gonna rise into Utah's and Arizona State is not going to have people There. So I'm going to go Utah Coverage six. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade This on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Hey Hey. I take my hat off to you. Boy can Hey Drake you. Hell the boy Whew. The way They Hey the way They the way They be looking Now. Can, can, I ain't, I mean, I ain't looking, but I'm looking if That makes sense. It makes perfect sense. Can, I'm looking but I ain't looking Man. I saw a couple of 'em. Mo Joe, you know how you have a train, right? And it be dragging. Can They got them things sitting over There That train ain't gonna even touch the ground. Woo. I listen. I know What you mean I don't, I don't wanna react too much. I don't want to get, I I don't wanna get too happy and excited about What you're saying, but I'm, I'm, I'm picking up What You can putting down, I'm gonna leave it at That.


These women today, Hey, can these women on other level can, You know, it's another set of eyes that's watching right now. I don't want Not problem at home. Nah, rera don't, don't, don't, don't hear the upside his head when he come in the door. But Ocho woo boy, he women today Can, man, it's different. It's different. It's different. I'm JLab I'm in my fifties because They get all, if I was in my thirties, They, get all my little NFL money, all of It, all of it can, all of it. Ocho Mm Man, can, I'm, I'm gonna work me a I'm gonna work me a good three, four more years. Ocho You, you What, you, you, you shut It down.


I'm gonna deactivate everything. Whoa. I'm gonna get off. I'm falling off the grid. I don't know about That one. I don't like That. I'm going off the grid. Ocho that's the only way You can survive, bro. No You can survive on the grid too. All you need, all, all you need is a little discipline. I got discipline. That's why I'm gonna get off the grid. I I just wanna live. I just wanna live happily every after You can live. Happily every after Raise, raise my raise, raise my kids. You know, What, I'm saying don't you? I be two more kids. You done taught me a two more joke.


Oh, There, you go Hey, Hey, What. I'm talking about What. I mean, Hey. Listen from the, from the Listen. You might, you, I don't even think You can playing around. I think you done found somebody. I think you done found somebody. You didn't tell me about it. But I'm, I'm happy for you What. I'm happy for you. can you can. Let's go man. Man. Nah, I don't know Ocho it look, I need to have like a, a 7-year-old right, Because Man, this my nerves man. Ocho my nerves bad, bad Can, but I, I think listen, you starting over man. That'd be good for you. It. It keep you young. Keep you young, you know, make you feel like a spring chicken again.


You know, make you feel like a young boy. Imagine That be a cook, goose. Nah, nah, you gonna be good. Imagine you, you know, 57, you know, infant, you know, changing Pampers once again. She hits you baby crying. Three, four in the morning. Hey, go change the pamper. You getting up, you know, heating up the milk then you know, tapping it on you to make sure How old, how old the baby? Huh? She better not wake me up if the baby after three months old, she wake me up. She might be working on another one. Leave me alone. Lemme me.


Hell No. Ocho, I I I'm gonna leave That to you. You got What can. How French fry? No, No, I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. How French fry? Huh? She french fry. She gonna be three Ocho. You good for one more Ocho? Oh hell no. Can ocho You can Odoo one more. Oh no. Oh real. Make Ocho squeeze one more. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Matter of fact, I'm finna go get fixed anyway. Ojo. I never, I never had you paid for a quitter. No, I'm, I'm not a, I'm not acquittal, but I'm finna go get neutered. I'm definitely, I'm not, I'm not a Quittle. Definitely, definitely not That.


I'm getting a night nurse. What's That? I ain't getting up. Somebody that's in the house, That, when the baby cry, They get up and feed them and change 'em and Odoo everything. Oh, oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. You gotta be careful with That now. You know, you always hear weird stories about people you know not doing right by your kids. I just, I just can't see nobody like That, no They, They did to Odoo. Right? Mm. Can That's all I got for you man. Ocho I had to me and Joy was on this flight. We like, can man, We gonna get man yesterday Delta, y'all need to make this right by me too, man. It was the longest I ain't lost open her mouth.


Her Ass can. Oh y'all They go back. There. I'ma be, I'ma be home long before y'all Odoo. I say Hey, it's an easy, it's an easy stop. We got an Hour and a half layover. We gonna get off the plane. Jordan and I go to the crack, go to the Sky club. Right. I'll get some ginger ale. Jordan getting like 12 cookies, some rice. Oh, he definitely get his buddy worth out of There. Right. So We go in There flight delayed. Oh Man it is. So instead of leaving at such and such a time, We gonna leave at this time. Okay. Right. I get down There Ocho They delayed the flight again in between me walking down There.


But you know, What Not problem. There are a lot of pilots that's based out of salt. Lake. City. Right. So it shouldn't be a problem. Not problem. Two hours Later. So We go Ojo and I go back to the Crown room, We two hours Later. He hit me. Bose They say We boy night at 10 30. Oh Lord have mercy. So Shelly always on top of things when I'm traveling, Shelly don't go to bed until I get to the destination where I'm supposed to be. He goes ahead and books Jordan and I on the last flight that's out. That's 1115. Right.


Cool. So We walk down to the gate. Pilots are on their way. Every pilot walk by Jordan and I, oh, That might be them. Jordan, I think that's them. Jordan They walk by the gate. Dang That ain't them. So here come two. I said Jordan, that's them. You see how They walking They walking, looking They slowing down. They hit That, hit That. Right. That's them Jordan, that's them. Open the door. They, get down the plane. That lady gonna come on the thing. Talking about this flight has been canceled. Next slide. Nah, no That's exactly What. I said, I said y'all knew That. Y'all knew That all the God dang long. That, y'all wasn't gonna get this plane out. There.


So you were stuck in Utah. Well, We got on the, so like I said, Shelly had booked, Shelly booked Jordan and I on the 1115. Yes sir. So We gotta We at 8 36. We weigh down to a eight. Y'all can only walk so fast. Ocho can my hips Been on my feet. You get in the Wheelchair. I've been been, I've been on, been on my feet all day. Ocho. So I ain't, I ain't Can you Irrit?


I know You can irr. I know You can irritable, can Ocho. But check this out. We had got, oh, We go take off. Even though We was delayed. We get on the plane. Right? I'm sitting Ocho this is how I operate normally. People like Hey, how you doing Hey? I'm good. Fine. How are you? If somebody, if you ask, if you ask a person, oh, how you doing? And They don't say I'm doing fine. How are you? Right. Or where you headed? They don't wanna talk. Right. Hey, how you doing? I'm doing good. That's me. That's That. That's it.


Oh, where you headed? So I get Ocho, I get Well you don't talk much, huh? So by this time the pilot comes on says, well Ocho We supposed to be able to get out. You know, We are close to our hours, but we're gonna be able to get out on time. Right. So we're gonna be just fine. They back up a half a inch. Oh there's a, there's something going on with the, the steering Maintenance.


Oh hell, Ocho I've got 6,000 hours flying this plane, flying this three 20. And I've never seen this problem before. Man, you know damn well It ain't Not problem. Y'all up at the, the hours you're up against the hours and You can not gonna be able to get out. You wanna make it seem like it's the plane. So We wait, so now OCHO 1115 We getting on the fly. Right? It just so happens the guy That was sitting next to me. He already on the plane. Now I took my glasses off Ocho to had your boy and coach They talk about ocho.


So you know, everybody, everybody get on the plane. They got backpack person They hit me all upside my head. I'm just doing this right here. All over shoulders. I said, oh hell. I said, come on man. Hey George. I I mean Ocho I'm sitting like this here because They talking about So you ain't, you ain't have a exit row Ocho I would've preferred to sit by the window for the simple fact everybody walking by They hit me with They They purse or They backpack or whatever. They got across their shoulders. Right? Well I I I would love to, I would've love to be on That on That plane for That or We had a good time.


Oh, because Ash Ash flew Greyhound or the skies and that's Trails flew Southwest. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Listen, you wouldn't have had no issues if you was on Spirit. You would've got where you wanted to go. No, I wouldn't have. No I wouldn't have. I said, you know, What ocho my prayers, a lot of my prayers the last three months I've been asking God for patience. can Well I got on the plan. I said God, I know I've been asking you for patience, but I was hoping you would like push this thing down the road for a couple of months. I ain't need you to gimme patience so soon. Listen, one, one thing about it, if you ask for something, you better be, you better be able and willing to receive It.


'cause he gonna test you right away. Ocho re moment I tell you about the guy. He was sitting right beside me. So I get on the plane. He already on the plane. Oh, there's my buddy. How you doing bud? Oh, he's not talking to me. He's upset. 'cause he's not in first class. Oh, one of those Jordan say Bose Hey. It's okay. Just go and sit down. Can one of those One, you know, one of 'em guys That want to be funny. Can Funny, can he al you know, he wants to be the life of party and at The wrong time. At the wrong Time. Yes, can. Yes, yes, yes. But actually guys, this is the first, this is the first Connect That I've had.


Because you know, when you fly, like certain, certain places don't have direct flights. Right? Right. So like when We was in the, you know, Dallas and Houston and things like That, They don't have Delta don't fly There Odoo, you have to fly something else. So I'll fly like That, but I was like, oh no. Mm Mm But as miserable as I was can Delta, I know Delta gonna make it right for me. So I don't even wanna talk about it no more. I know Delta gonna Odoo the right thing. They They gonna hook It up for me. They gonna hook It up for me. Oh yo. Now it's time for Q and Aye. Q and Aye A is three A. It feels so cool being up this late.


can I was at up this late last night and it'll be Joy We just, just landed. Mario Chiquito said, what's up UNC and Ocho. I love y'all in the show. Ocho. Next time you're in Cali, let me know if you need to work. If you need That work in the weight room. Oh can let me, can I? I got you. I got you. By the time I go back to Cali, I'll be in Cali in two weeks. Oh can. And Sean Merriman told me to tell you he won the winner of you and Deebo. Matter of fact, man, I beat the shit outta Sean Merriman man. Tell him stop playing on me man. This shit ain't no joke man. I'm just saying that's What. He said he ain't, and and I'm Just saying aint listen is life, life is not a joke man. Tell him That consequences and repercussions behind the words.


That. He's saying don't play with me man. I'm listen man, Hey, I'm not, I'm not, I'm one of your kids man. Sean, I know You can gonna see this, but I will literally, I will, I will punch your Facet off. Don't play at me man. Frederick Masters say Odoo. Y'all think harness should play on That? Should y'all should play only defense because the second year getting hurt on offense. They need him more than a trash defense than offense. This just killed his Heisman What. You think O Joe? No. Hell nah. He ain't kill nothing. He ain't kill nothing. Just one game can Eric over Two games, right? Quin, you is miss two games, right? They ain't kill his Heisman. He's still in the Heisman running. No you ain't.


Okay, you'll See Genty went over 200 again tonight. Ocho Can, you'll see He got over 1,206 games Ocho Damn. I know. And just think about What. He would, he had 180 6 in the first half and didn't play again last week. He didn't play the second half Hey. So are They purposely keeping him out purposely just so he can't He fresh. That's He fresh. How many yards can I think think he had? Hold on you think? You think It? You think It hurts his Heisman? We still got a long season to go now. Well he got 1200 yards.


So hold on. Lemme see. Genty had 31 carriers, 217 yards. One touchdown Hey. So now he has 1200. He has a hun. He has a hundred and What a hundred and twenty thirty one a hundred and twenty seven carries for over 1200 yards. So he is averaging 10 yards of carry.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Ow. And our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What. It all means for the future of our country watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C


Hey. What's up? I'm Jared Goff, quarterback for the Detroit Lions Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And if you haven't shopped There recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start. First. Abercrombie's Deni qualities unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean, it's really in right now. And the athletic Fitch has extra room in the thigh. I need make sure to hit up Abercrombie Essentials collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing That, so you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see What. Everyone's talking about


The time for holiday hosting is upon us. So make your second bathroom second to none with Home Depot dot com's. Best savings of the season right now. Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices That will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath Plus free delivery at The Home Depot. Subject to availability. See Home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


What's s good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it Just like a dream. For more. Check out bs Odoo com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video This Thursday it's Sean Peyton Homecoming as his Denver Broncos take on his former team. New Orleans Saints. Join, Al, Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for a game you don't wanna miss. Well, you guys know I loved the Saints this year. I love them in this matchup taking on a young quarterback Sean Peyton's team doesn't look That good. I don't think there's any bitterness 'cause Sean Peyton just retired then he got paid. But I I'm very excited to watch my Saints keep it rolling 'cause Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight live from New Orleans. Not a Prime member Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and You can cancel at any time. It's the Broncos and Saints at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


You know, it'd make you, you know, What. I ain't, I'm not gonna say it. Okay, That, that's, that's, that's real good. That's dope. That's live. That's live. What What. Would those numbers look like if you was playing in the SC Truth? It all depends on who he's What line he's playing behind. Okay. Because he You run Now can because oh can There are teams That try to get him in the portal. Oh, can But see's the thing though. Ocho I don't care. He rush for 2400, 2500 yards. They going Odoo, no matter What, No matter where it's at, it's, it's, it's, can Can he'll get That Eisman Nice can, because I didn't think anybody was gonna ever break Barry's record. Barry ran for 26, 28 and 35, 37 touchdowns.


can he rush for 2,400 yards? 2,500 yards Ocho he go get That Eman News 8 64 UNC ocho. I know Dion. Y'all boy. But Shiloh was good and terrible tonight. Be honest about it. can Shiloh just, he just coming back from a broken forearm, ain't he first game back? His timing The can, his timing was off. You You can hold. It happened to the best of him. Oh, Can most definitely. One thing you a, you gotta close the distance. If you and him in the hole, you stop your feet. He gonna shake, he going to shake the end outta you. You gotta close. It foreclose it fast. Can, once you check your feet, it's over.


Go. The best thing to Odoo Ocho is to shoot your shot. Shoot. I'm sorry. Right. You gotta shoot fast before you can, before You can make a move. You gotta get in There and I'm not even, you gotta shoot your shot. I'm not even a defender and I know That Got to, it's just like Hey you in the club, you see her? Go ahead and shoot your shot. Don't you like Hey man? I'm gonna wait till she come over here or Ima make walk. Soon as you see her, make a B line go right to her. Hey, what's your name? You run. I seen you. You know, I ain't never seen you before. Hey. Tay said, what's up, up in 85, What Was y'all first college choice? Had you been able to choose or did you go where you wanted to go? Nebraska, Bam.


Nebraska. I wanted to go to the corn. Husker man see a I had them, had them jerseys rolled up. They had them stomach out. Them all them arms. can man. Well who, who was the quarterback then? Who was the quarterback? Nebraska was good then. Oh, Nebraska. Oh hell. can They running That That Wishbone though, right? Can Who was the quarterback? Turner. Okay. Turner Gill was, when I first started Nebraska, They had, Mike They had Irving Fry. Remington the center.


That That. The, the award is named after. Right, Right. The Remington Award. He was their Dean Stein cooler. You know, They had, you know, Neil Smith was on defense and They had Sandman Broderick Thomas. Oh, They was the black shirts. They was stacked. can, I mean, obviously not, not really knowing much about college growing up. Just grandma and mama forcing me to go to, to the classic. I wanted to go to fam I wanted to go to fam obviously from a football standpoint, the u would've probably been my choice. But as a kid growing up, I wanted to go to fam and I wanted to be in the band.


I wanted to be in the band and play football. We're we're a combination and just, I have a fascination for music instruments. I know a lot of people don't even know how I play. My grandma forced me to play piano, my saxophone. So that's where That decision and choice came from. If I had my choice Can, but the best decision I made was going to Savannah State. I really, the only time That We really heard about a black college Ocho Right. Was Lou Rawls the United Negro College Fund. College Fund. I knew you was gonna say can That, was it? I didn't know. I mean, I didn't even know Savannah State. I didn't even know Savannah State existed. Hell, I grew up 65 miles from it. You heard about Grambling and Southern and all those, and I never went on to visit to Savannah State.


can Coach Davis came to recruit me, told me, say son, if I was the NFL you and I You draft, you'd be the number one draft pick. Best decision. The best decision had a little help. My brother said I was going to go to Savannah State. I didn't really gimme a whole lot of choice in the matter, but Right. I def I definitely went and man, probably one of the four or five greatest decisions I've ever made. Zero said how feasible is putting one of them quotes on every bottle of the Poitier. Not very feasible. Good. Tell him I got, I got the book right. Listen now hold on now I got the book right here.


It's like a, like, like That black book. You know where you have your phone numbers? I got the book. Can them, them, you know What They talking about how the email and, and and them phones get you in trouble. can think about how many, how many numbers That you done wrote down on your, on That piece of paper. That got you in trouble. can That you forgot about and old lady cleaned out them pants. Pocket and That number come out. Malik Jones said GaN ocho love the show. It's my daughter's Ivy's first birthday. Can y'all give her a shout out? Much love keep being great fellas. Ivy We can Sure can. Malik Ivy Happy birthday. Happy first birthday.


I don't know. Well, how old you, how old Odoo They start letting kids eat real food? Like nine months. 10 months a year. Year. Oh, she got some solid. Oh can, oh can she got some solid food? She eat birthday cake. Oh, can happy birthday huh? To you With Him. Happy birthday to you. Hey Malik George said he was in the Air Force with you. Is That how you got through Can George said he was in the airport with, with Air Force with Oh boy. With his first daughter's first birthday. So happy first birthday. Ivy Malik. Congratulations bro. Thank you for your support.


Edwin Barto, uncle Ocho. Cheers from Puerto Rico. Man, I need to make my way down to Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico. I Need to make my way down to Puerto Rico to the Dominican, you know, I hear, heard stories. Can I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a listen, I got, I I gotta, I'm I'm going with you. He said Can he said can he went to school with Can. I'm Going with He he was in the airport with, with with Jordan. You going with me with Joe? Can? Why are you talking We gonna to Puerto Rico? Can you? I can't go by myself with Oh, We gonna dr too.


And you said you heard a story What kind of story. So I, so I have a, a, a better a better understanding of What I'm getting myself into and how I'm gonna get myself out of it. I don't know, it's just something like, you know the, the, it's just the way They talk. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I speak Spanish so I You translate for you anything you wanna know. Okay. Okay. Because I Poppy can, I didn't, I didn't wanna hear gum. Papi the latte. That What. I wanna hear Poppy. The latte Thete. Hell No. I don't even know that's a phrase but it sound good.


I wanna hear him say it. Oh. Oh. Don't go to the Dominican Republic. Why not? Oh man, Ocho said it's a good place to go. I'm gonna think I'm gonna have to go. I'm sorry. Can Oh, oh, the BL center man. I ain't gonna get no BBL and the women in Dominican They ain't got Why They need a bbl. They already got built like That Can, I think. I think It. It is out There heavy though. Huh? It's out They heavy. Oh, s Can, can, can, can. I think that's where everyone goes.


I, I don't care nothing about That. I mean, can You know, I I It you Odoo You Whatever, whatever you need to Odoo feel good about yourself and enhance can your features so be it. Oh, can take the more sparks over There with us. Ojo Uhuh you said, you say take them sparks over There with us. Us now you taking, you taking them sparks. Okay. About It Hey, my name Bennett and I ain't in it. He said no, no, no. You take them for you. Not us.


Now all of a sudden It ain't no o show. It just the UNC show die all this time. It be Unc and OCHO dies. Just unc Oh can nah. Tammy Wiggin said Hey, unc and Ocho from H Town go Texas. Please help me wish my son Trent happy 23rd birthday. He's a great son. Awesome human. I'm very blessed Tammy We. Sure would. And hello Ace Town. How y'all doing? Trent, your mom wants to wish you a happy birthday. She said you're an amazing son. You're an amazing human being. Keep being That amazing son. Keep being That amazing human being and watch how blessed your life will be.


Tammy, thank you for your support. Thank you for watching and, and helping Nightcap become What We become. Thank you so much. Appreciate y'all. Appreciate y'all much love. Much, much, man. I can't believe it. Oh, can you see o the the, the cut his boy off? Ain't I ain't cut? I ain't cut you off. I'm, I'm listen, I'm gonna be right There with you. Okay. I'm gonna be right There with you. I'm gonna be a little, I'm gonna be a little behind. I'm gonna let you lead the way. Okay. But you ain't gonna leave me astray. Please make sure y'all hit That subscribe button. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite.


Unc Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite 85. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. He is from Liberty City and he is a bingo ring of Fame artery, a Pro Bowl and all pro. That's him. Guys, please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And every subscriber matters. Every subscriber counts and We. Thank you for mattering and counting. This is how We became What and who We are. Thank you. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We're about to be in 14 to 16 stores by the end of the year. And if we're currently not in a city or a state near you, You can order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms.


That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out and unc and ocho ts are back in stock. I repeat UNC and ocho ts are back in stock. And people thank you for sending a, letting us know you have begun receiving your order orders. So thank you very much. Please go vote for us for the Signal award. We're nominated for two awards for Nightcap bla best live podcast recording. We're currently in second and best co-host team we're currently in. Second voting is open through October 17th, excuse me, just like the Webbys. And you have to create an account and verify your email again.


Voting is open through October 17th and you have to create an account and verify your email club Shahe We nominated for three awards, popular culture and variety show best athlete shaping culture show. can, can and best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams, Kansas comes back after leading much of the game. Colorado took the lead late 28, 24. But Col Kansas State puts together a drive and takes down the Buffalo's. 31 28 Oregon hit a 19 yard field goal. We just done a two minute and the number three ducks knock off the number two. Buckeyes Bama survives a late scare from the South Carolina Gamecock as They intercept a pass late in the ball game and They hold on.


27 25. Number 13 LSU Tigers rallies passed the number nine Ole Miss Rebels. 29 26 in overtime. Numar threw a game, the winning game time touchdown in the final seconds of regulation and then on the first possession of overtime through a game winning touchdown to Kyron Lacey as They win and Texas dominate the Red River rivalry as They take down their rival Oklahoma 34 to three and Penn State kicker converted a field goal 36 yard field goal after USC missed theirs as the number four Penn State Nitin Lions come back from 14 down, a 14 point halftime deficit to take down the men of Troy.


And That concludes our episode Guys. We really, really appreciate it. We know We got a late start tonight, but We wanted to make sure That We came on after the Colorado K State game because We thought it was gonna be a very interesting game. We, thank you for staying up with us. can We thank you Oh can for supporting us. can We greatly, greatly appreciate it and we'll see you tomorrow after the Sunday night game. can I Oh, can he Ocho we're out. Good night. The Volume


CBS. This Friday TV's hottest show is Back Fire Country returns with a new season where Max Harriot stars is Bodie Donovan now stepping into a whole new world outside of prison. The challenges are more dangerous and the stakes have never been higher. Battling fierce fires and his own personal demons bode's still fighting his journey towards redemption. Get ready for explosive action, shocking twists and intense small town drama. Don't miss an all new fire country CBS this Friday and streaming on Paramount Plus part of CBS Premier Week


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like You re in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and Play, you turn on that switch. no one can stop you for more. Check out Bose dot com.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like That car riding your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, all those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Autotrader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at the same time? Well, multitasking Pro cars like the ones in the gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay, no flying cars. But as soon as They get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait Autotrader,


Proger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings You can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football That makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter What, you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.