
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org. Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks.


I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today.


That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses. Directed individual results may vary The Volume. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the Minnesota Timberwolves advance to the Western Conference Finals. Thanks to our 1 21 1 10 victory over the Golden State Warriors minus Steph Curry.


But they get the job done now. They await the winner of the nuggets and the OKC Thunder Boston Staved off the elimination. They're going back to MSG thanks to a 1 27, 1 0 2 victory over the Knicks at home. Now they'll head back to MSG on Friday to see if the Knicks won. Close this series out again. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend Bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And we have a very special guest. That's my dog. We go back 30 plus years. We used to work out together. We always break bread every chance we get a chance to get to Atlanta.


We see each other. We always hang out. He's a New York Nick legend, A one time all star. Two time defensive on the all defensive team. Here he is. Ladies and gentlemen. Talk all things basketball with us tonight. And he is a chef. Let him tell you, we gonna talk about that also tonight. Charles Oaktree Oakley Oak. Thanks for joining us, man. Thank y'all guys. Appreciate it. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. Every subscriber matters. We thank you Ocho and I thank you for sticking with us, for being with us from day one. We could not have done it without you.


And all the awards you see behind us, all the likes and mentions that we get is because of you. So we thank you for your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. Now we do have it in stock. It's a premium VSOP. It is the best tasting VSOP on the market. We have the awards to prove it, but don't take my word for it. Order it. We'll ship it directly to your door if you can't find it. Any city or a state near you, please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my follow my media company on all of its platforms, sheshe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last.


Our eight stops for our Not Safe for work tour tickets are on sale. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, yc, Chicago, Detroit. You guys close things out. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now. You don't wanna miss UNC Funk and OCHO when we come to a city near you. Back to back Western Conference Finals appearance for the Minnesota Timber Wolves. The timber wolves eliminated the Golden State Warriors and five to reach the conference finals once again. And man, average 26 points a game, almost eight rebounds, almost six assists.


Julius Randall right there with him. 25 points a game. Almost seven rebounds. Almost seven and a half assists per game. The dynamic duo was as good as advertised, even better as the rounds advanced. Anthony Edwards and the Timberwolves have faced a very impressive D Stars on their way to back Toback conference finals and dispatched them all. Remember last year, they B beat Katie and book. They beat Yoki. Jim Murray this year they took down LeBron and Luca and although they only faced Steph for a game, the game that Steph played in, he started, they ended up losing that game. But one step went away. They swept it. A gentleman sweep for five to one. Four to one.


Excuse me. So the timber wolves advanced to the Western Conference Finals where they'll await the winner of the nuggets and the OKC Thunder. Oh, watching this game tonight, Minnesota. They've been very impressive. Aman is a, is a budgeting superstar. He's growing right before our eyes. Julius Randall has found a home. Yeah, he plays very, very well alongside Aman and they get great contribution. Jayden McDaniels had 14 points. Rudy Gobert had 17 points. Mike Conley had 16 points. Dante Deville, he had 13 points. This was an overall team effort and this is what you want. You get an opportunity to close the team out. You close 'em out. You don't leave anything to chance because you rolled ankle or anything away from extending the series.


They took care of business and now they're moving on. What impressed you most about what you saw tonight from Minnesota? I think that, You know, watching Minnesota, You know, this year from last year, I think they more focused a man de showing the world how great he's going to be, You know, during his cotillion, the NBA. But you gotta get the coach to have a lot of credit. That's a big game. Close it out at home. Get ready for the next series. Everybody took a turn tonight. Rudy was inside. Julie was just posting up. You got Conley was hitting big threes. Dante, he doing what he is doing in New York, getting big plays. And Ed was just on cruise control tonight.


He made sure everybody got stocks and he just played the game. He can get smarter, smarter by the more you watch smarter you get. Yeah, he had 22 points, 12 assists, which is a career playoff. High 12 assists, seven rebounds, three blocks tonight and a steal. As you mentioned. The thing where they were, they got whatever they wanted, they shot 63% from the floor. They damned near shot better from the floor than they did the free throw line. They were only 67% from the free throw line. Right. They was 63% from the floor. And as you mentioned, ant Man, look at Julius Randall was 13 of 18. Rudy Gobert was eight or nine. Mike Conley, five of seven a man. Eight of 15 Nas Reed. 3 0 5. Dante. Five of seven. So you can see they were getting whatever they want, right?


Easy shots at the rim. They did a great job. Now they, they lost the offensive rebounding battle. I mean, golden State had 18 offensive rebounds to six. It didn't hurt 'em. But You know the next team, the next round, both teams can offensive rebound. So they're gonna have to clean that up. Ocho, you watch this game and we talked about when Steph went down, yeah, they were gonna have to fight. They have an uphill climb tonight. Pause. Possess, possess. He came to play. He had 28 points. 11 or 19 4, 6. Jimmy, Jimmy struggled a little bit. Four 11, he only had 11 shots. Ocho he was nine 11 from the free throw line or three from the three point line.


But outside of Poz and Cook, Minga Binga, they didn't get the contributions that they really needed and they really needed Jimmy Butler. This is why they got Jimmy. Yeah. For a game like this, if Steph is out, extend the series, let's give him an opportunity. 'cause he's gonna start doing some light working and the next game is three days away. Yeah. So maybe we get a chance to get him and this is when they need to play off Jimmy to be play off Jimmy in Golden State. Listen, I don't know. I don't know what, what was wrong with Jimmy at all? Because he's been, he been playing. He hasn't been aggressive the past two games obviously trying to facilitate to everybody else. Right. If they won't even have a chance, you're down three one. If you even even gonna have a chance. I need playoff Jimmy. I need that mentality to come through. Well, I'm finna take this game over.


I'm gonna do everything I can to get myself a rhythm first and then I'm gonna facilitate everybody else once I get myself going. Pki let the team with 28, 11 of 19, I mean Domingo, bro. 11 of 23. So that shows you they were aggress aggressive. Yeah, that's what we were expecting for Jimmy. 'cause remember last game Ocho, he only took eight shots. Yeah. And we like, man, what's going on with Jimmy? And now he comes back in a close out game is do or die, you either cleaning out your locker or you're getting another outfit ready to go back on the road. Right back home. And this is what you give us. Yeah, but that's what I'm thinking. Now. This is not the gym we used to seeing. This is not the gym I'm used to seeing with Miami. Right, right, right.


So maybe, maybe this late in the season, something's wrong with Jimmy. Maybe he's hurt, maybe something that's ailing that we don't know about. But he's still fighting knowing that Steph is out and they would have no production from anywhere else outside of him. And Minga Minga should be in the starting lineup from from now on, period. Steve Kerrs should be ashamed of himself for having somebody that's continuously dropping buckets the way he is night in and night out and losing efforts and still doing all he can with Steph being out outside of that. Listen, Julius Randall did what he was gonna do. An man, he's the face of the league. I don't care what nobody say. He's the head of the snake. The snake gonna always, God Rudy Gobert dropped 17 tonight. Unc Yeah. 17, 17 and six 17.


What does he, what do he have? He had 17 points, eight rebounds, no assist, no steals one block. But he was plus 21. Jimmy was plus 20 McDaniels plus two Rudy go. So they got a all around team effort. But when you watch, that's, that's the key word before I let you finish right, you just said the key words a team effort. Now six guys in double figures. O Joe. Hey Unc. Not, not just that Chad. They all start over 50% from the field. They never hurt you and especially your team on the side don't have your main guy. And You know, like I said, er, I mean I've been, they've been saying he been playing well even though Golden State been winning with him.


You, you ain't see that Butler in Miami. Right. You haven't, You know, a couple games here and there, but he ain't, he never really played consistent Golden State. But Golden State won the record look good, but on the court in the playoffs, yeah. Butler, You know, usually take over. But these guys is young, athletic and You know, that's the game now. It ain't about banging no more. It's the wear and tear going up and down the court. It's when you, if you watch the Warriors and you watch the Timberwolves, where can they guard? Draymond really can't do anything with, with, with you Randall. He's too big of a body. He just, he just bangs him. They don't really have anybody that can do anything with, with an adman. And so really your two best players you don't really have an answer for.


So if you don't have an answer for them, now you bring the double team, I'm gonna kick and I'm gonna get Mike Conley getting wide open. Threes threes, yeah. I'm gonna get somebody getting wide open looks or somebody diving into the basket because you've got to send help. If you don't send help, I'm gonna punish you guys one-on-one. And that's what happened tonight. Your stars when you got stars and their opposing team don't have a guys that even if nobody can really stop anybody, but make them be inefficient. Right. Julius Randall was 13 of 18. That's not making them inefficient. Yeah. Ant man was was eight or 15, five or nine from the three. Yeah. So he's shooting over 50% from the three. He shooting over 50% from the floor. Julius Randall is 13 of 18.


I mean, so I mean, what's, what's Rudy? Rudy, he probably a for a, from the field, You know what I'm saying? Eight to nine. Right. So it's gonna be hard to beat them, especially all three of 'em shooting like that. And the team is rolling. I mean they got a little Luther G with them turnover in the third quarter, quarter. They late the ball game. They got a little careless. But that's, that's Minnesota though. You know, they go down by 15, go up by 20. They play like, like that. If I'm Chris Finch. Oh, Joe, I'm saying look guys, if we wanna be the team that we think we can be, right, we can't have a lapse like this. Yeah. Because we have a laugh like this in the next ga next round, that team come team back, both of those team will come all the way back and snatch a victory from us.


Right? Yeah. So don't let, let's not play around, let's kill Annette with a sledgehammer. We had 'em down 20, 22, 23 points. Yeah, let's go ahead and end it. Make them go make Steve Kirk go ahead and sub his guides out with four minutes left because they're down 26. Yeah. Let's not dilly dally around. Yeah. And I think that's the mentality. You're gonna have to have you, you're right, the A man is what, 23, 24 years of age? I think he's 23, isn't he? And 23, 22, 23 going. Yeah. 23. Yeah. 22, 20. Yeah. He might be 23 3. But anyway, those, those are, those are the type of games. This is a very, a very learnable moment. Teachable, excuse me, teachable moment.


Because when you get a get in these situations, Ocho, let's not fool around, no, let's go ahead and end this thing. Hey, I can get you out because Airman played 48 minutes. Drew Ramble played 43 minutes. McDaniel played 41 minutes. Hey listen, I could have got your guys off the court, y'all. That could have been, instead of 41, that could have been 37. That could have been 36. Absolutely. And the way they played towards the end of the game, monk, if they playing a better team, you playing a better, a better team out the west. Yeah. You not gonna be able to pull that off. You're not gonna be able to pull that off of those turnovers. Obviously collectively, when you make it to the, when you, when you make it to that Western Conference Finals, you're gonna be, you're gonna be playing a much better team all the way around. Yeah. All the way around. Shit. The goddamn warriors and I mean, no disrespect them boys like a G League team tonight without Steph, You know, still makes everything go.


I know Zeki and God m did their thing, but outside of that, well there really wasn't nothing out there. You know what I, so they get too much. They got too, too much left and they too talented and they got Aman and figure how to play basketball. He give the ball up left and right. Yep. Because they double team somebody open every time because he is passing the ball. You gotta give him credit. He had found out how to play the double team. Right. And that was, and I think, You know, OO OK and Ocho, I think the, the best thing to happen to Antman is that he went to the Olympics and he saw the other great players and he saw how they played. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He saw Steph that'd give the ball up. He saw KD give the ball up.


He saw LeBron give the ball up. Think about when they were down to Serbia and they was like, oh. And you see them guys play unselfish. Yeah. Step A guy's making three or four passes instead of forcing it. 'cause a lot of times and said to himself, Hey, hell, I get down 10 points, I'm going hero ball. They say nah, just make the right pass. Just make the right. You've gotta be able to trust. Now obviously he ain't got LeBron and his Steph and KD is teammates, but you have to be willing to trust the guys that they're gonna be able to do it. Now there'll be a time that you have to put, hey, go into that phone booth, make a quick change and come out with the cape on your back. But you are gonna have to trust your, because you're not gonna always be able to do that.


You're gonna have to be able to trust those guys. Those guys need to know that you trust them and give them confidence that they can step up and make those shots. But I like what I, I like what I saw from him because when the Lakers tried to take him away, he passed the ball. But the problem that the Lakers had is that not only was he making the right play pass, he was still getting 30 points. He was getting 40 points. So you can't, you gotta make him one or the other. You either make him a score or you make him a, a a a facilitator, but you can't let him do both. Right. It's kinda like, yo, the legal problem is they, well they want a double team, but they, they, they not frick out the double team for Rob rotating back to the position. Correct. And that's what they cook. They cooked the Lakers because Luke, Luke Luca, LUAS, LUAS low.


Yes. The leg Minnesota playing five and a half against four half. Yeah. Yeah. Because Luke wasn't gonna do nothing on defense and they figured that out. That's why they kept rotating the ball. And Lakers, you wear 'em out, we rotate the ball like that and you, and they kept putting Luca in the picket roll. Yeah. So I make it work. Hey, I hey, because, because here's the thing, there's one thing to get beat. If a guy can beat you, you're like, okay, make him take three dribbles to beat you. Right. The guy beating Luke off the first dribble. First dribble. So now help comes not his white guy guy wide open. Yeah. You, you can't win like that. There's a report coming out guys. Steve Kerr reportedly had an issue with Jonathan Minga looking off step at during time at times during the game, per Logan Murdoch Minga has a propensity to look for his shot at the expense of the floor of Golden State's Offense has irk the coaching staff team sources say Kerr was in incensed after several instances in which Minga looked off Curry to create his own offense.


Minga subsequent, subsequently received DMPs in the Warriors regular season finale against the Clippers, and then again in the play and matchup against the Grizzlies by the start of the playoffs. Many within the org wall within the organization wondered whether Minga, who is eligible for an extension, has played his last game with the Warrior. That's fine. The Warriors are now oh and seven when Minga plays 20 plus minutes in the playoffs. That's fine. Send him somewhere else. Send him somewhere else and let, let someone else that values him and what he brings to the court. Let him play, let him play one thing with he just showed. Hey, o he just showed you. We gonna do with Steph being up. Oh no, I mean, my thing with Steph, you gotta be special. You gotta be willing to break your game down like Draymond, he break, You know, I mean, Draymond's perfect for him.


Lio, he's a guy athletic, get to the rim. He he need the ball 20 times a game. So yes, trade him to was him with somebody, get a player back and play with step for the next two or three years because he holding his kid back. You are, this kid did nothing. He really, he that was some guy that've broke down. He kept his head, he been balling the playoff. Even though they ain't winning, it ain't his fault because his effort, the points and for him just being strong to go on the court and just go perform some, some guys was a yeah and he encourag me to get over this thing too. Get you a line up, You know what you got. It's playoff you all in 10 different lineups and this and that. This Mike and JJ do a little, the same thing too.


You, you bring these guys the games down to play how you wanna play. But then when contract come up, oh you gonna reward them? No, these guys want these young guys, they want the ball. They wanna feel special. And it's hard to break some habits especi the NBA because now it's, You know, everybody wants you three. They wanna fill the ball. So you gotta be careful these days with these players because they real sensitive. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation.


To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth. Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again.


Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary. Shop the Sherwin Williams Memorial Day sale and get 30% off paints and stains May 16th through the 26th. With prices starting at 34 29, it's the perfect time to transform your space with color. Whether you're looking to revamp your bedroom, living room or home office, we have you covered with bold hues, soothing neutrals and everything in between.


Shop the sale online or visit your neighborhood Sherwin-Williams store. Click the banner to learn more retail sales. Only some exclusions apply. See store for details. Hey Oak, You know what I like too? The fact that you just said especially play as in this day being very sensitive and you can mess with their mental, especially when you not giving time. And now with this report coming out, the fact that even with these reports and, and him not playing and her not playing minga, look how he still, when he got his opportunity, he took advantage of it. Yeah. He made the most of it. And he showed you regardless of what you got going on, whatever, whether you may have or he didn't allow me to play during, You know, the Clipper series.


Right. Still finna come out hand and ball. So all, all you did was that that was his resume. Unc You know what he showed that was part his resume. He showed that. He's a real pro though. Yeah. Yeah. He showed he the real pro. Yeah. He didn't hang his head. He could've easily hung his head like, and, and, and, and like, man, f you, You know, you done done slapped me, you slapped me the regular, the finale. Yeah. You slot me in the play in and now you now you ain't got no choice but to use me. But you but oh, having played the game as long as you played, You know, when you play with a superstar, you got to be willing to sacrifice. There's no other way around. Oh, no doubt. No doubt. Doubt. I don't How great do you Think you're, go ahead. If you ain't like a continue all star in this league and you guys, some guys on above, some guys know how to play.


But you gotta know I played with Michael Jordan, You know, if I came in the league, it was both stars. And once you see him play practice and what'd he do? And I knew I couldn't be a score if I played with him, Michael rebound defense. I didn't mind doing that because we was winning. Right. We was winning and you get a lot of perks of being around him and everything else. So NBC bringing him back for some reason, hey, we gonna talk about that a little later. But I think the thing is, it's like if, and it is hard, it is hard when you like, man, I got, I got the game that I could go get 25 and you gotta play with LeBron or you gotta play with a Steph. I mean, and so those guys are willing to sacrifice, but if you are going to their team, you gotta be the, you have to take the bigger sacrifice.


Right. That's the only way to do it. That, I mean you, if you go team up, if you go team up with Giannis, you not getting more shots than Giannis. You just not No. Unless you LeBron or Curr. That's my only one. So you saying, so you saying so hey o okay on, let me get this right. Right. So in convenience's case, let's say Steph Curry was, was was healthy. Oh, he ain't getting this many minutes. Hold on. And they both on the floor at the same time. So he has to suppress his game and his shots. Yeah. Just so Steph can continue to cook and eat. Yeah. The offense, the offense is built around Steph and perpetual motion. Right? Yeah. So you can't go outside of the scope right. Of the offense. Okay. In order to create your offense. Okay. I I got you.


Now listen, even, even with what he showed us, the past two games or three games as good as he's been being there, You know, putting the ball on the floor, creating his own shot, even still to the, even still, he still has to defer to Steph no matter what. That's the think about what you just said. I mean, not the, I mean my thing is it's all about Reed. It's about Reed, right. It's like you run a route. Yeah. And You know that, You know it's, it's third and sixth and another guy's running 10 to 15 yard route. You run a 80 yard route. I'm gonna look for you first. I just wanna get the first down. We can go burning go next round after we get the first down. So Step was the first option and Steph was a great pass. Yes. He don't force a lot of shots. Okay. But he got, he may be the only guys that can get away with certain, taking certain shots because he steal.


Right. He created his own element. So you gotta live with him and die with him. You, but think about it, what Steph did, Steph sacrificed his game when KD came over. Yeah. So you think about that, think about Steph Curry. He's a, he was, he was a nvp. Wait, Steph still averaged the same amount of points even with KDS being there though. But he took, but he took less. He's like, You know what, hey I take, go ahead and do your thing Katie. Right. And so that's what, because he, at the end of the day, the goal is to try to win a championship right now if you wanna go the same reason they got rid of Jordan pool and like, okay you, you, you wanna score, we trying to win games. Right. There's a difference between the two Ocho if you doing what you're doing and we're winning.


Right. You see in the last seven games in which Mingle played 20 plus minutes, they're oh and seven. Oh and seven. But my thing when self played with kd, KD is so efficient and just like he ain't got nothing to worry about. Right. He know he take 20 shots, he gonna make 13 or 14. Mingle takes one shots, he gonna make seven, eight. It's a big difference. That, and that's the thing because now, and guess what, who, let's see, who do we double team? If we double team, if we double team kd, that means Steph and what you call it and Clay getting wide open shots. If we double team Steph, now that means KD and Clay, we're not gonna double clay. But Kelly is the, is is probably the better of the catching shooters.


KD going be able to get his own shot. Right. He's seven foot tall, he can put the ball on the floor. He's a three level scorer. He can shoot the three, he can get to the mid and he can finish all the way at the rim. Steph, Steph has brought that to his bag now because before you run off the line, Steph just go sidestep you. Now Steph will put the ball on the floor and get to his float game. So now how do you defend it? He just needs another player and Jim and, and they really thought that was gonna be Jimmy. Jimmy was supposed to be the guy that was gonna alleviate a lot of the stress and tension on Steph because he was a guy. Because we saw what he did in Miami. Miami. Yeah. But he, for whatever reason on Joe, he has not looked like that guy.


He gotta, he's Jim look like he on cruise and throw they they don't, they want him to do 85 in the 55 get off cruise control. They want you to speed because Curry ain't there. They need you. They need that. Yes. What you had in Miami, they need that goat the night he for to get 40 or 55 and the other night, oh he gotta take at least 20 plus shots O Oak. Yeah. He gotta take at least 20. He needed to have the amount of shots that Minga had. Minga had 23, Beski had 19 that needed to be Jimmy. Yeah. You Think, you think the boy, the boy and the bull don't bother somebody like Jimmy. How he don't, he don't care nothing about that booing. Huh? Huh? You think the Booo Nah Jimmy.


Yeah he been around but my thing is he, they gave, they gave the money. They gave him the money and now they want something back for the money. Yeah. And then because Matt, You know Pat Riley took him to the ringer like nah, fat Riley feel like, like he said that that that knee was going towards the, towards E so it'll sell full. So he running outta gas, You know when you've been around a long time you can see a guy's body. He looked good, got the muscles like getting down the court but inside, You know like brand new car and some people got an old car. I got 10 of my car because my lights are all my lights on but I'm still riding so you can't see here.


But my car's about to break down. Hey he got check engine light on? Yeah, he got a tire pressure light on on your just about time van Downside the road. That's a good one. That's a good one. I like and Pat Riley, one of them old school coaches. Oh You know this. Yeah I played with him. Pat, pat Riley. All Pat Riley cares about is year to year. Oh you took us to all these, all these finals. That ain't got nothing to do with it. No. All I saw last year is that you wore down and you didn't look the same like you did in no championship. So he's not, because Pat is like, and a lot of, a lot of coaches and gyms and things like this OCHO. Yeah. I've already paid you when I give you an extension. Right. I'm facing that extension on what I believe you are going to do in the next three, four or five years.


Okay. Okay. I've already paid you for taking us to the finals. I gave you 40 million for that. I ain't paying you based on what you've done. I'm paying you based on what I believe you can do. Right. Yo kitchen's about to sign a three year deal, 221 million not because these one three MVPs, they believe he can win another two three more. Yeah. That's why you give a guy that kind of contract. And so Jim is like, hey y'all saw what I've done? Yeah. Pat said we rewarded you for that but You know how the A FL you come in, you rookie at contract, you get another con. It's hard to get three contracts in NFL. Oh yeah. They Think you going down after eight, nine years especially running back certain spots. Oh, running.


Yeah, you might get now the way they're doing it now they're trying to get a running back because they refilled the running back. His highest value OCHO is win. Yeah. On his rookie contract because he's 21 years of age. Right. So now I get four years out done 25, I done put 250 carries on him a year maybe more. So I've already got a thousand to 1200 carries on his body. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And that's what they're saying. It's like, well Isaiah, I, I don't, I don't, I don't know Now hopefully with the way Sayquan is played the way Henry his body up, Josh Jacobs, we saw resurgence, we saw Genty go very, very high because for a longest time on Joe, they had diminished the role of the running back to some great production this year by the running back position.


Yeah. It's starting to come back. We saw Joe Mixon, we saw Josh Jacobs, we saw Henry, we saw Saquon. Yeah we saw Jamir Gibbs and and in Montgomery. Yeah. So hopefully, hopefully they'll start to reward these running backs because they were looking at, hey the maximum value we gonna get at this guy is rookie contract. Yeah but you, you gotta think, look at all the people you just named you talking about the cream of the crop. Right. You talking about the dere of the running back position. Well they pay every other back, every other position and they cream of the crop. Look at all these quarterbacks. Yeah, yeah. Well You know who they value most. You know, most, You know, You know who they feel is the least valuable is the running back position.


They Think you could just, you could plug, you can plug and pull. You can, I could just pull off from somewhere else. You can't pull a saquon from anywhere else. Hey, tell you what, you can't pull Eric Henry from anywhere else. I bet, I bet Cincinnati wished they had Joe Mixon. Hey Joe had a hell of a duck. Exactly. Very, very good season. But the band he Brady wish they had Josh Jacobs. Look what he did for re Yeah, same. He miss a beat he misses. Yeah. So according to Charms, Draymond was trying fined 50,000 for making an inappropriate comment that questioned the integrity of the game officials during game three cameras caught Dre on the sideline mouthing five and a half spread during timeout after you fouled out Draymond Draymond, that nigga a chill Draymond, You know, everybody loves Draymond.


You know he come out, everybody have to him to go. He do it. Draymond, you do something every time. They ain't calling this because you Draymond, you do something, they really give you a break Draymond, and you still holler and cuff the fish out. Every I I Draymond would be out the game by, by the third time down the court he'll be out the game but oh they try. Oh You know he does that because he know once he gets one they're gonna be very reluctant to give him that second take and throw him outta the game because they don't want to influence the game. Right. Hey, I wouldn't be worried about influence of the game. I mean I, I ain't gonna let my cus me out having six, seven points a game.


I mean gotta get a tripled double. You gotta get a tripled double. I know he said he feel good about this team. Butler coming make his last play up run with Curry. But the curry got hurt. The team just seemed like just they didn't have no more juice. You know they played to a limit but two or later you need talent. You gotta have talent on the pro to win. Draymond has been fined $992,000 in his career with 185,000 coming for action towards official. He's also been docked 3.2 million for suspensions. So he's lost over over million dollars million. Yeah. Yeah. Well I don't like to curse that much.


I don't like to be right that much. Ocho Oh I don't know about you Ocho, but hey y'all got, that's a good call. That was a good call Ralph. Good call you, You know when you made that kind of money unc it's like you you ain't even paying it no mind honestly. Yeah. Oh you paid a mind, huh? I know. I mean you gotta think about it. If you were to add up my fines Right, I know the times were different. The times were different. Yeah. Now you gotta think for 11 years straight unc I got fine every season for 11 years. Straight to the point. Why put money aside? Because I know I am, I'm finna cut up anyway. But Chad, how much you can find the difference you might have find 30,000 a year or a hundred thousand a year. They finding you a quarter of a million every year. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Oh you gotta think right.


My first, my first offense during the season it starts 5,000. Right. I'm saying how much was I have done year? About 40, 50,000? No, no, no. 'cause by the time I got about week 10 and I was doing stuff at that point it was 30 to 40 to 50,000. So you Think you got five a quarter? Hey at that point I ain't, I ain't even care. I'm having fun. You Think you got fined a quarter of a million dollars a year? Yeah. You Think you got that much? Absolutely. Oh okay. Oh, lemme, lemme tell you something. Remember when I, I tweeted on the sideline. Yeah. In 2009. That was 30 grand right there. You remember when in September I paid, oh I put on a poncho like a real poncho in the borough in September they took 50 for that.


And you gotta think I kept doing stuff week in and week out. The orange chin strap, the black chin strap, the rose wearing gold shoes. I didn't care. I I I just, and when you add it all up by the end of the season I didn't care 'cause I was making it up. You was making a minus but you really didn't pay attention to it. That's what happens sometimes. Yeah. Could be that Draymond. But I got five a lot in my career. I only got five. About 5 5, 4 or 5 million. You got five my career. Damn. I mean, oh, you played 18 years? 19 years. Damn. Yeah. Well mine was more like suspension for five, You know, hit a couple, hit a couple people in the head before the game and stuff that you was out that tussler with him. Man.


Hey one, two that Dick. Hey ask Sparkle about it. Hey you got a, you got it with a, with Tyrone Hill. With Tyrone Hill. That's what, that's how many games you suspended for? That was a pickup game. That was in the summertime. You was fighting the pick pickup game. He walk up on me when you just saying who you got, who you gotta fight with. Hold on, you can, you slapped somebody you went to that shoot around. Oh that was what's the name? The Cripps. Oh time off Mcg McGinnis. Jeff McGinnis? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Oh yeah. You knew, oh you knew that the word was gonna get back to Stern. That you had did something and he was going to put the, he's going drop the hammer. Why you do that? It wasn't about that. He threatened me man. And that hey, I, I, and I told him I went in they practice the whole team. Everybody, the whole coaches said, everybody said, oh, they abouta joke you man. Nah, they weren't gonna do that. I told Lamar all them if he, he said that's my friend I told you supposed to be helping your friend. He didn't help him. Nah, they they, they know better. They, Hey OO you was the, you was the original Deebo man.


Well I mean when somebody threaten you, my brother always told me don't wait for him. Go to him. I mean, but actually in the, in the basketball setting, words are just words. They really don't mean that outside, outside of the court. They just saying it because on the court it's a safe place. So they ain't t mean it. Hey Chad, there's one thing I don't, I don't play on the court and I don't play off the court. You don't if you wanna find I paying don't he? He what? You see what you get? I've been doing it 30 plus years. Yeah, he's exactly what he said. Believe if he say he gonna slap the, he shot you. If he get close to you, he gonna slap you. I like it. I like, I like it. But now it's all good and fun. Oh, who that you lend money to who? That you lend money to in the card game and he didn't pay you back ta on hill.


Yeah, Ty on hill. Yeah. That, that helped another game too. He paid you back. He paid you back yet? Well he, he was trying not to but he said he was going to a divorce and they said wife or something happened this and that. I like Huh? I said I ain't listen to your wife. So I got it right before the playoff though man. Man. Oh you was a wild one on that one. Alright, check this out. Time to talk about your next Oh, the Celtic spike back. Keep the season alive. Derrick White had 34 points. Seven May threes, three blocks. He was nine of 16. Seven of 13 plus 22nd. His second 30 point playoff game.


This playoffs, Jalen Brown was sensational as well. Very efficient. And 26 points. 12 assists, eight rebounds. The Knicks lead three to two. Game six is Friday. Oh. What do your Knicks need to do to make sure they don't have have to go back to Boston for game seven? Well I think the antenna should be up because You know, Taylor wasn't playing Brown. He was like a magician tonight and he got everybody involved. He got pri off the band. Luke Cornette came in down off the, the bed. He was sensational. I think. You know, they just, that was two exp pack off the bench and, and Bridges and og they gotta crank the car up early.


It is cold outside. You gotta train the car up. You can't drive the car while it's cold. So the Knicks going have to come out, get more since urgent. I think that Tyler's gonna have to play better and they gotta know you gotta set them out six game going home. You, you forget about game five. You lost, You know, they dominate the whole game went up 20 again, 24 points and You know, I think Tim should have took the G out with five minutes going to fourth. You wasn't coming back 22 points in five minutes. Right. But You know, Bronson filed out, You know, drew Holiday stepped his game up. I mean they, they came to play and one of they best player like Curry was missing for Golden State. Taylor missing for Boston.


But Boston showed up. Yeah, they showed up and showed out. You got Jalen Brown had his most efficient game of the, of this series. He was nine of 17, three of five from the three point line. He was 26 plus 28. Derrick White, nine of 16, seven of 13, nine of 11 from the free throw line plus 26 holiday plus 14. He was a a plus 23. You got Al Horford who was plus 11. And then you mentioned Luke Cornett came off the bench. He gave you 10, nine and seven blocks and Pritt was plus 24. He had one of the highest plus minus. He was a five or 14, 17 big points. So they got the contributions Yes.


That they needed in order to keep the series alive. We expected Mikhail Bridges. Remember the other night Ocho? Yeah. How he went off. Remember OG how he went off went off when Carl Anthony Towns played extremely well. Kat played okay five of 11. I don't think he was aggressive enough. I mean he had shot nine free throws, five 11 shots. Not oh eight of them in the, in the last six minutes. It didn't count. Okay. So you gotta get 'em in the beginning of third, fourth quarter and You know, but put that put put pressure on the Celtics. Jack gotta come out and put some pressure on kp You know, he's, he heard well Luke came in and changed the whole game.


He did. And when he changed the game, blocking shot, keeping the ball line, making them take tough shot, coming to the basket, You know, and Robinson was playing well tonight he made his three throws. Yeah he did. He was like, he parked from the free throw line oak. Yeah he made, he made like six outta seven, something like that. Yeah. So he started up playing. Well basically just, they let him get too far ahead. I mean how many times you gotta run down the horse? The horse fans with you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gordon Ocho What'd you, what'd you like about what you saw? Because I didn didn't think the Celtics, I didn't think the cel like hell y'all was losing to the Knicks with Jason Tatum and he had 42 in that beat. Yeah. And so I don't think they was gonna do anything but Derrick White and, and, and Jalen Brown set the tone early and then they role players came in.


Luke Cornett, like I said, he gave you 10, nine and seven. Right. Prichard did what he normally does. And so now I got, I got my contributors. Yeah they contributing. But listen, the contributors contributing from the officer end but we need to talk about it on the off on, on the defensive end on what they did. They stifled the damn offense for the Knicks. They made everything when it came to Jalen Bronson getting themself in rhythm and creating shock and being able to pass the ball. They suffocated my dog all goddamn damn game with o it started you see where they started him not to cut you off Ocho. You see how they started on him? They put Jaylen Brown on him. Yeah. Somebody with a little extra lt. Right. Because normally they was going with holiday, they was going with Derek White. They put J they put JB on him.


JP did an excellent job. He'd looked at six foot seven. Yeah. Long limb caused a little bit more problems. He was seven to 17, one of four from the three point line. Go ahead, don't you? I'm just saying, I'm just, and obviously from an offense standpoint, Brunson couldn't get his cell a rhythm. And also it seemed like every time they were trying to run plays, it seemed like every shot was contested, every shot of running the offense. It was very difficult, You know, for them to do. And on the other end in transition offensively the goddamn Celtics was hitting all the goddamn shots. So when they did go up 15 and went up, went up 20 or whatever it may have been, it made it that much more difficult for the Knicks to even get back into the game. Oh they couldn't back into the game. 'cause D 50, well my thing is playing good, you let holiday get back into the game.


In the beginning, the fourth quarter, he had two big threes in a row. Yeah, yeah. He brung him down to 15, 14 and he come back bam, bam, bam. So it was, it was gonna be a, a dog fight that you ain't gonna win him tonight because Boston was just, they was making shots like you said and the role player played. Excellent. Excellent. Yes. Excellent. I got a question for you Oak real quick. Yeah. I, I want you to be honest with me. O obviously your, your your basketball acumen in in IQ is out this world because you played the game at the highest level. Do you think the Celtics have a chance to come back and win this series? I mean, if they can keep the game close, I mean the Knicks, I think when they come home the crowd's gonna be there.


They can't let the think the crowd's going to play for 'em. They gotta come out and play execute early, put the press on Boston, go downhill. Don't, don't give 'em a chance to breathe Right. And then get 'em in foul trouble. Like I said, get to the free go live, but they gonna come, both gonna come and fight. I mean they ain't champions for nothing. Right. So we gotta New York going to realize that, You know, anything can happen. The course of game, You know, you don't want nobody to go down, but still, you still gotta come out. You guys gotta show up the next starting fight gotta show up. Only three skies showed up tonight. You meet all five of 'em to play. It's a band. Everybody gotta be on that point. Everybody gotta be able to play the instrument. So are are you worried? Are you confident? Are you confident in the knick star out? I'm confident. I mean it, it's two to win one, but you gotta get the first.


They, they need to win the one game six. Don't, don't say, well we made the chance, don't chase it. Go. You don't wanna go back to Boston? Nope. No. You know what, what Ja what Jay Brown showed tonight iq, he can play game. Everybody was questioning Kenny. He stepping up Jason Taylor's not here. He stepped it up and stepped up and stepped on the Knicks. Yeah, he did. The Knicks were, I mean the Knicks shot 43 through attempts. So they were getting to the fire line. They, they didn't shoot the ball particularly well. And then they like, You know what, because I think what the, at three straight trips down Brunson got to the fire line and he's very crafted Jordan foes and Right. If it's a close ball game, that's what you have to worry about. He's so great in the clutch.


He's probably the best player in the clutch in the NBA because he knows how to, he can shoot the three, he can get to the mid, he can get to the rim and he knows how to get, make you foul it to put him on the free throw line to stop the clock. And so gives you guys a chance to chase you down. But you're right, I, I thought what Boston did tonight, now if you let them shoot 20, you let 'em shoot 45% from the three and they shoot as many threes as they shot. Right. You gonna have your hands full. Be honest, they shot in the low forties tonight. They shot 45%, 22 or 49. They, yeah. So they out, you, they outscored you by 30 though. Yeah, well I think the Knicks only made 7, 3, 7, 7 for 29 something.


12 or 30. It was what, 12 or 30? 12 or 30. So I mean, they beat him in that. They beat 'em in, they beat 'em just about every ca category. So they gotta realize that they gotta come out and play. They gotta eat their lunch early. They eat another lunch and be ready. It ain't gonna be easy. What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life.


So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big to learn more. Volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org Men. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake-ups during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing, even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and competence to live life on my terms.


Better Man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years ready to take back control. Go to bebe now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA, this product is intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses directed individual results may vary. Hey, hey O, they got a a unc is there, is there a better way? I'm just talking about for me, You know, watching the game, it looks like every offensive possession for the next, it's a struggle just to create a shot or to even get a shot or when they do get it, it's always contested.


Somebody in draped over somebody or, or they falling back. Like nothing is ever just clean. Nothing is ever just smooth. They run an offense basically with off of what Bronson can do. Correct. And everybody else, You know this, they get stagnated sometimes and I think that town's gotta go through the post. He, from him being around the top of the key three point line, he crowds the whole thing up. He need to go in the baseline and post up and take some of the press up, the guys up top. Right. But like you said, the guys, they do be going feel like, You know, it was the tough start. But the one thing they do do on offense, they get second shot and they h they crash the boards. They crash the boards.


And the thing is ocho it's like with anybody, it's like if you play with Luca, you find yourself because he's so ball down handling the ball. Right. You find yourself watching him. No bro, hey get your ass outta the way. Create some space. Right, right. 'cause you watching him and then all of a sudden he throw you the ball. Because a lot of times they throw the guys that, that handle the ball a lot, they throw you the ball with five seconds of the clock. Nah, bro. Too big. You, you go ahead, keep it now you want me to try to work magic with five, six seconds on the clock and I gotta take a bad shot and everybody looking at me because like, come on Ocho bro, you gotta make that shot bro. What you mean I gotta make this shot. I'm 28 feet from the basket. He just threw it to me with five seconds.


But this is their offense. This is who they are. Yep. You know Josh Hart is not really looking for his shot and it seems like Mikhail Bridges doesn't look for his shot until late. So basically two guys that's trying to create offense is Kat and Brunson. And now once and now. Now once he gets held to scale, guys start looking for his shot. But look at how MHA bridges when he looks for his shot early, how he looks, look how the offense look. Well, I mean that's the thing, like when, when they start, him and OG start looking for his shots early, I think they take to out his offense. But you want keep going. He ain't that guy that, You know, he need attempts.


Yes. You know the other guy got more. I'm a tenacity. More rebound or get back, put back towels. You need to get him going. Yeah. You go out and get him going game stick because he played better. You when he get the ball early, he play better. If he don't get it, his game gets stagnant. So Bronson being a great point guard the fraud journal on the team. He gotta realize that. Let, let's, let's get tile off early and everything can flow. You look at Mcha Bridges, og, Nobi and Kat, they were 10 for 37. That's not good enough. Nothing. What's the name? I think OG was what, one for 13? One for 12. 12? Yeah. One for five from the three. Yeah. Mcha Bridges four 14 from the field.


One of three from the three. Kat was five of 11. Kat just didn't have a lot of attempts. He got to the five line, but he just didn't have 11 attempts. He need to be somewhere about 17, eight, somewhere 17 to 20. Yeah, 17 to 20. That's where he needs to be at. But if you look, like I said, Tims is a, is a defensive coach. You let a team shoot 53%, you let him shoot 45% from the three. I mean Al Horford, five of seven holiday, five of eight. Derrick White, nine of 16, brown, nine of 17. Cornett was five of five. Prichard didn't, he wasn't efficient, but he made some big, he wasn't tripping off. But he is some big shots down in the fourth.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You live with that. I mean he was a couple step backs and, and, and snatches. But they look, I thought the Knicks was going to end it tonight because I, you don't, you don't want to chance it. And that's why Boston is probably kicking themselves. It's like, man, had we taken care of businesses the first two games, now we just need one game to possibly close this series out. But we're gonna have to beat this team three times. Beat without Jason Tatum. That's tall. That's a tall order. Can it be done? Yes, but I ain't putting any money. That means something to me down. But they can do it. Don't wanna bet you don't wanna bet nothing off. Hell no. Hey Oak, you want Bet So what?


Shit, let bet, let's bet 5,200 on the game. What you got Boston? Yeah, I got, I got Boston when? Game six? Yeah, game six. What you trying to do? Well you, you call her. I poll it. Well yeah, I may make it light on yourself baby. What you doing? I mean, hey, hey, you gonna go get o gonna want his money down with your, okay. Hey Shannon now. Hey, hey, hey Chad. You know I'm from, I'm from Cleveland now. Oh I know. Hey with with nothing, nothing but respect. Hey, I don't want no problems. No, no, no. I tell you problem. I'm a lady slide. I gonna come see by his buddy. I got some, I got some guys down in, You know, Cincinnati right around the corner. Oh yeah. I I just throw the water on Cincinnati and you won't even get high.


Hey, that's one thing about Oak now he will drive. He got a, he got a van. He got a van on his car. That's one thing about Oak. He ain't afraid to drive that both four be driving Cleveland, New York when you pay 200,000 for Car three. Oh. I be trying to put 200 miles on it. He does. I I try to, well my dollars be my miles. Oh man, he ain't lying because hey old bought a car for me, a seven 60 BMW man he came to, he's like, Hey man, I brought the car. He's at the four Cs, the old four Seasons right up that Buckhead. He like, yeah, I, I will get it. So he, he had me a bag full of money. He said Man, keep the insurance on it until I get to where I'm going.


I believe you, I'm gonna need it till two. I need you to keep this shirt till Tuesday. And he took, I said, man, where you going? He like, man, I'm going to Alabama. Yep. Good old days. He well put not called the road. Oh yeah. Oh. Lemme know what you think about this. Nick Band X will have a theory on the increased Achilles tears. He said there've been an Achilles tear throughout the years. But my thoughts on them is that they happen more now than I think is something has to do with them. Shoe them damn lows the players wearing nowadays. Cover them ankles up. Fellas, you think it has something to do with the shoe the guys are wearing? What do you think the problem is? You know, I mean, a lot of guys getting hurt wearing low tops now they, it is cute shoes, but when you playing ball you gotta, you gotta be tightened up and yeah.


Ball safety, this and that. But they, like I said, they're doing more running through, they getting up down the court more. They turning more. We usually play up and down. Now they're playing sideways and up and down. Yeah. So it ain't physical but you still getting up and down. You put miles on them shoes. Lemme ask you a question though. Did you, did you do guys, did guys tape their ankles? Do guys tape their ankles or do they play free? I don't think they take, I think we played 90% tape. Now it's bother 20% tape because when we play, if you get hurt, if your ankle get twisted and you can't play, they gonna find you. They don't do that no more. Oh yeah. They just find guys. So that's why most guys in our era they play with the ankle, You know, sore ankles, but this and that because they was taped.


But now they tape, they, they don't get 'em taped and they twisted. They they got minutes. Two or three weeks. Yeah. Right. Because I got, I take, I don't know how you, do you tape your ankles on Joe now for fashion? Not, not, not for no, no support you got and I, I like to feel the ground. Huh? I can't feel the ground with tape on my ankles. I need, I need to be flexible in a sense. You know I was a Reebok at that time. You know Reebok had had uniforms and stuff. Right, right. I had them take a, a oak, I had 'em take all the cushion and Right. And what you call it, the lining outta my shoe. Yeah. Leat. My cleat was nothing but a a a shell and some shoe. I need to feel everything on. It was like I had a track spike on.


So you wanted like a soccer shoot. Exactly. Right. Right. I need to, I need to feel the floor every time I touched the flow. So hey, when we played with Pat Riley, we had to tape your shoot around. What? And shoot around. Yeah. Yeah. We had to tape sometime. Miss shoot, if we knew game by 20 points or something. We had to get next shoot around. We had to come in tape because right up suicides and all. Yeah. Fat, fat Riley. He make sure you was in shape fighting fat everything. Wait suicides at the NBA level because you lose a game. I mean it felt like that. Yeah. God. I mean that's how he, You know. Yeah he, hey he get all the balls on them shoes.


Achilles and ACL injury this season alone. Deonte Murray tore his Achilles dam. Dane tore his, Jason Tatum tore his, Isaiah Jackson tore his Achilles. Drew Smith ruptured his Achilles Kyrie Grant. Williams de Anthony Melton and Maurice Wagner both all tore ACL with and Grant Williams had meniscus damage. I tape, I tap, but I taped that to my, directly to my skin. Yeah. So I would tape directly to my skin. You got no pre wrapp? Huh? You ain't got no pre wrapp? I ain't got no pre wrapp. I got mo skin, You know, You know that thick mo skin, You know that thick tape? Yeah. I had the mo skin and then I had that brown tape Ocho.


Okay. You know, have brown tape, they gotta take the scissors to cut. Okay. Okay. That's what I mean, that's how I take, that's how I, I take. Okay, okay. Wow. I ain't have no pre wrapp. No pre wrapp. No. I thought that was the, the, the, the thin. No, I had that brown, I had that brown tough ass tape that they had to take the scissors to cut. Oh, I know what you're talking about. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My ankles were bad man. I, I, I couldn't, I couldn't chance it. Don Joe. Yeah. Wow. Now I didn't take, now that's in the game now. I did, I did regular tape in practice. Right, okay. But for the game. But here's the thing. O but you stopping and going the game a lot though. Yeah, but see the thing was is that I wore, I wore high to, I wore mids and then later in my career I went to the low.


Oh okay. But see, because, but I didn't roll my ankle. Like a lot of people rolled their ankle over the top. I turned my in so people would, people would fall over with, drag me down Ocho and the ankle rolled in. I know what you're talking about. Because they pulling you from behind too, huh? Yes. Yeah. And they put and they putting their weight on you. Weight on you that hip drop tackle. Yeah. And they put their weight on you. Yes. Caught. You get caught right underneath. Yep. I think we played guard, like point guards. Two guards by what? Loads. But all the big guys, they wearing highs. No, they wasn't wearing no low top. If somebody see the pink with low top, they gonna knock you in the head. But then, oh, you remember when we grew you a little older than me.


Oh. But you remember Chuck Taylor's guy used to play Chuck Taylors get up and down and have no cushion. Your and, and ain't never Twist no Ankle. Them Chuck Taylors, they like remember them pro kids? Yeah. Chuck Taylor. They no support. Yeah. No. Hey, I played UNC and Oak, I played with Jerron Ennis with Boots in Philly and Gilly. Gilly was there too. And they had a celebrity basketball game I played in, I wore black high, black high tops. Black, high top Chucks some Chuck Taylors, Chuck Taylor. And they, they looking at me crazy. Everybody else in out there, You know, with the Res and the kds and the LeBrons and the, You know, and the Jordans. Man, my eye dropped by 12 out there man.


And the pair of Chuck I'm moving and everybody else. When you ain't got the shooting taped up? No, because when I'm wearing them, Chuck Taylors on. I can feel the flow. I could feel everything. And it just, it just, it felt so comfortable. And everybody looking at me like, boy, you crazy boy you gonna twist something. I say, man, I'm, I'm good. Dr. Jay's the one. Yeah, Dr. Jay back in the days, he, and then, and then they came out the cons because You know black, when Dr. J, everybody wore the cons. Ain't nobody wore in the early eighties. Ain't nobody in the la in the seventies, in the eighties. Ain't nobody wore Nike. Right. Nike didn't take off till Jordan got there. Everybody wore the Dr. J Ks. Yeah. They wore the Magic Johnson weapons. They wore Johnson, the Larry Bird weapon.


Huh? What you mean weapon? What what brand is it? That's what they, that's what they call the Converse. That's what magic and, and a bird would call Bird and the Dr. J, Dr j Kas. That's what they were heavy. But that's what everybody wore. And then when, You know, there are a few guys that wore like Iceman Moses Malone had had Nike contracts. Nike. Yeah. But the Converse was the shoe. The only person that I remember wearing Adidas old, correct me if I'm wrong, was Kareem. Kareem had the top tail. Adidas, he was the only guy that I saw with, with Adidas. Everybody else normally had Converse and there were a few guys sprinkled in there that had on Nikes, Hey they did. Hey. Oh, did they wear a pony back in the days Pony had basketball pony shoes or no Pony?


Yeah, we wore ponies. Yeah, A wore pony Bud Spud Webbs and Robert Par wore. Okay. Okay. I remember I had a pair of pony cleats, man, as a little kid. Man, I, I had pony cleats too and Pony Big back then. Oh yeah. Huh? Pony was big back then. They were, they were. But You know, back then on when, when I was like in, in middle school to high school, the posters. So you had the iceman sitting on the block of ice. Oh yeah. Ball. Yeah. The poster. The poster was the big was was huge back then. Yeah. I had a bunch of posts, You know, I had a bunch of poster with Bird and I had a a bunch of poster with everybody else.


They'd probably be worse up than now. But you, back then, you, you wasn't even thinking, you wasn't even thinking about, man think gonna be worth something. My grandma like, well you need to throw that issue in the trash junk up my house. Alright, it's time to pocket. Watch for just a second. Michael Porter Jr. Shea Gils make the same amount of money. $35,859,950 this year. Did you hear what you just said? They make the same amount of money this year. And the key words you just said at the end, this year, this year, that's it. Go. Because as j can get 350 next year. Ooh, hey. And he fired and he fired his agent.


So he is like, I don't need y'all, y'all not gonna get four, four, 4% when they gonna give me the max anyway. Right. I cut you out. I keep that for myself. Hey O Hey O, he worth every penny. Yeah. Oh yeah. Worth every penny, man. Yeah. Hey, hey, You know who he play like too, uncle. He's so smooth. I, I yeah it is. He he's so smooth, like no earthy jerky movements, You know what I mean? Just everything just flow like water the way he play. I know the clipon probably once they still having Well if, if you were, if you were, if you're to believe what Doc said, doc said that he went to Kauai and said you need to give this guy a chance.


Kauai wanted somebody that was already proven, which was Paul George. Paul George. Yeah. So that's why they moved him to OKC. They traded him in Gallinari and, and those, all those right first round picks and those pick swaps. Because we gotta realize Shay was only in his like first or second, maybe his first or second year. Yeah, second year. Yeah. So now I gotta get, I wanna get, it's the same thing. Well LeBron got to Cleveland, they was like, oh no. He's like, nah, I don't want that Drew Wiggins go get Kevin Low Wiggins. Yeah go get Kevin Low the damn. But Wiggins ain't got way. No he ain't Sha they, they both from Canada but he ain't Sha but he ain't hold on Barry, Barry from Canada too.


He ain't saying Oh yeah, yeah. Oh they got, they got a lot of guy, You know, you think about it. Dylan, Brooks, Nihar, Murray, Shay Powell, they got Barrett Joe. The kids play for what's the name too, the point guard Joseph I think. Yeah. Isaiah Joe. No, nah, he played, he been around the league about 12 years. Oh okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you're talking about. Dylan Brook. I know what, matter of fact he started from Miami I think. Okay. Yeah. But you see what they trying to do for the Allstar, right? Yeah. They're gonna try to make it the US against the world. Man. They gonna kill the us. Hey they got, they, oh they got the best player when you think about it.


They got yo Yeah, they, they got Giannis, they got Luca, they got Shay. But You know Santon. But You know why they doing, they got Luke, Luca, Luca, he become out the be Hey, hey O hey Oak Unc. That's a good thing too. Now you understand how the viewership had declined when it comes to the All-Star game. Yeah. Now you wanna make it, now you wanna make it interesting and you want eyes box, want people to watch shoot the USA versus the world. That's right. Don't wanna see it back in. All they do in is shooting threes. I don't wanna see that. I don't wanna see no 200 to 180. Nope. Nope, nope. And ain't about well done. Nah, no I think, I think they might get a little more traction out of that because I do too.


Yeah, because the US guys and the, You know, the European guys, the European guys definitely gonna play harder. The US guys might, you might have to hear in the head couple say like, oh wow, they really coming at us. So yeah, they might have to wake us up and get us going. Yeah, because yo, first of all, Yoki just already said the All Star game doesn't, doesn't suit his fancy. But Giannis Giannis trying to get, trying to score 60 Yiannis on the basket all the time. He come to play. He, you, you exactly right. You know? Huh? When Peterson used to make the Pro Bowl and they think he finna go out there and play in Lolly Gag. Nah man, 80 people be full speed in Hawaii.


Ab full speed. The Volume, what's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes in a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big to learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org. Hey friend, I know how this feels.


Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years.


Ready to take back your control, head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.