
Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casinos home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


Be love with every heartbeat and every piece of Pandora jewelry. Let love shine on your favorite bracelets, necklaces, earrings and rings, or create a style that's all your own with a unique mix of lovingly crafted charms from big feelings to small messages and everything in between. Love is at the heart of it all. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today. Find a store near you or shop online@pandora.net.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief. And once you break through that right then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much, and if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast.


Today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Volume,


The 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Sam Watson. Yeah. Bronze medals in the speed climb. Set a world record in the bronze medal. In the bronze medal in the bro. Well, while getting a bronze medal, he was eliminated from the, the gold medal contention. But congratulations to Sam. Good job, ocho. Now we back. Damon Lillard thinks he doesn't get the credit he deserves. Let's take a listen to what Dame had to say on Club five 20. Let's take a listen For real. Like I'm just saying it is like my time in the league when you, when I think about like how many people have been very good like over that time and then it is been more people very good and more people very good for a couple years.


Like it ain't been that many people that been here the whole time, like since I've been in the league that just been doing it like over and over and over. But I think people just get bored with consistency. And I ain't loud, but like shit, I've been doing it that long and winning. Like it ain't like I've been doing it and I'm playing 14 that just never played in the playoffs. Hey, whoa, Whoa, whoa. Well look, I you know Ocho I I I've been a Dame Littler fan since you came into the league. Yes, sir. Came in the league in 2012. Rookie of the year. He's a f phenomenal player. Yes sir. But what he's running to is like, if you are a quarterback and you're played in the Tom Brady era, right.


You're gonna get, he came up LeBron, Steph Curry, kd, then later Giannis Yoic. Right. And Luca, Do you think it has anything to do with the market he was in as well? The visibility, not being able to see him as much as a LeBron not being able to see him as much as Hell. We'll see Giannis, we didn't see Giannis. Milwaukee ain't nobody, wasn't nobody looking at Denver. You don't, you Don't think that plays a factor though on you. You see, you see, you see Denver all the time. You see yogurts all the Time. No, you see Denver now all the time. You didn't see them all the time before. You see them all the time now. So you would Yeah, well look, they had mellow, but I think the thing is, is that you have to understand the era that he's playing in.


Right? He's playing with LeBron KD is in his era smack down. Right. Steph Curry. I, I can make a case that Dame Lilly is the second greatest shooter ever. But he happens to be playing in the era with the greatest shooter ever. Right. When he, when he, when he Think about all the people that played in the, from 2000 Ocho Right. Until 2022. Think about all the quarterbacks with that smack dab in the middle of Tom Brady and Peyton Manny. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's true. But when he, when he had, when he talks about not getting the credit that he deserves, I mean, what, what does he mean? Because his peers give him the credit and I've, I've heard the media. They do also give him his credit.


So what exactly is he, does he mean by, who do he want the credit from? Well, based on what I've heard, he gets his credit. You give him his credit, you know, being one of the better shooters outside of Steph Curry in the NFI mean, I'm talking about NFL in the NBA, you know, I, yeah, hell, I've given his credit before because he is one of the best in Bojo right now. I just really thought playing in Portland all those years might have hurt. Obviously the visibility and you know, others giving him the notoriety and that he deserves in being one of the great ones outside of obviously the Steph Curry, the LeBrons and the kds.


Even if you are in this area, era, I think if you made a little bit, a bit more, more noise, All the players that you mentioned, what do they have championships, MVPs, that's not, LeBron got four. Yoic got three. That's not, Jan has got two. Steph got two. KD has one. Okay. The MVPs. So that's like, that's like 10, 12 MVPs between the four guys I mentioned. Okay. Championships. KD has two, Steph has four, LeBron has four. Jannis has one. Yoic has one. I be, Hey and see that's not fair man.


You think, you think he stayed in Portland too long? Yes. Yes. The same thing happened to Kevin Garnett. He was loyal to the soil. He didn't want to go chase. I, I ain't chase, I want somebody to come here. Ain't nobody coming. Right. And I said that long, long time ago, ain't nobody coming to Portland. Right. Just like, what? Nobody going to Kevin. And after they tried to do that backhanded deal Right. Joe Smith had a deal in place and what happened was he ended up firing his agent. Well his agent told the commissioner right. That they had a deal in place when they weren't supposed to, and he took three first round picks for him and he doomed them. Mm. So now Kevin Durant, Kevin Durant, Kevin Garnet stayed far too long.


He should have been left, but he wised up. He was able to get a championship Right. Get a defensive player of the year. And it changed, it changed the trajectory of Kevin Garnett because had he stayed there for its entirety and he doesn't get that championship, we're not looking at Kevin, Kevin Garnett the exact same way. Right. And so, yes, I, and I said the same thing. I said, Dame is gonna stay too long. Right. So you think, you think he gets the championship with Giannis in, in Memphis. It's Gonna be tough 'cause everybody, everybody got better. Yeah. Finney got Paul George Boston comes back with a young squad. Damn. The the Knick saying, hold on, we gonna be good if we if, if our guys stay healthy.


Remember? Yeah. Julius Randalls didn't play. Oh that's Mr. Robinson got hurt. That about Ju Bog Donovan got hurt. What you call end up breaking his hand. Jaylen Brunson end up breaking his hand. Jimmy Butler got hurt. So They the bitch, they don't really have a chance then. Huh? They Got a chance because you got Dame one of the better players in the NBA and you got Giannis, You got Yes. They got a chance. Get Chris Medalson back healthy. They fine, but They, I mean what, what they had to give up because in order to give a guy like Dame, you gotta give up holiday. Yeah. And then what you did is that you made Celtics stronger by giving up holiday.


Right. Because he goes to Portland, they make a trade, now they get a, a defense. So now you got Derrick White and holiday two defensive guys. Right. That can hound on the perimeter. Now you got JB and jt, both of those guys can guard. JBA JB did an outstanding job on Luca. Right. Six, seven long a plus got an offensive game. Right. So in the process of getting Dame, you took Drew, but you strengthened the Celtics. Yeah. But also you strengthened yourself offensively too with Dame because Yeah. But you took some of the defensive way Huh? But you took a lot of the defensive way. Right? How, how, how? How's the bus? The Bucks bench.


Oh, Bobby Fortis is Good. Oh yeah. I like Bobby. Bobby nice. Bobby nice with a handy fan, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. They got coddington. They had, they had, they got you. Look, there's a give and take, right? Because you get a guy like Dame and there's only so there. No, they're not a whole lot of Dame Lillard, right? No, but I still believe he waited. I he probably waited four years too long to leave. Or should have been left. Yeah. Dang. Shoulda been left. Dam shoulda left. I ain't gonna see this boy. You the real deal boy. You hear me? Yeah. He, oh, he legit the championship or not. Or you the real deal Boy, you legend. You can't beat me. Yeah, but you a legend. But you know this notion I am now, I don't wanna go link up with nobody.


I want, man, look here, they're gonna Dr they're gonna criticize you and judge you anyway. Go be happy. Right. Go be happy. Damn. What people say? Because they gonna talk about you anyway, anyway. Always. Because always I tell you what, Ocho Yes sir. I'd rather be sad in a Rolls Royce than riding the bus. So talk about me when I got a ring on my finger. Hmm. Because then I can put one of 'em in my ear and drying you out. I Like it. So that's what guys gotta understand. They going, if you don't got no ring, first thing you gonna throw in your face, you ain't got no rain. Yeah.


Okay. Go say, well I teamed, I don't care what you say. How I got it, I got it Right. I got it. So, but Dame is a phenomenal player. I think I, I it goes what I said my res my record being on record and what I think of Dame speaks for itself. Yeah. But I think the thing is, is that he just happens to be in an era that's kind of loaded, right? With, like I said, you got, bro, you got Steph, you got kd now you got Yoic, you got Giannis. All those guys got MVPs, like with the exception of A-A-A-A-A yo, the exception of kd.


He's the only one that got one. MVP. All the rest of got multiple. LeBron got four. Yeah. Yo got three. Steph has two. Giannis has two, and a championship and a finals. MVP. So if we, if we adding it up, do we put him in, do we put him in front of any of those guys? Ocho? No, but he's No, he's right there in that group. Jesse doesn't Have No, he's not in that group. No. OCHO don't do that. He's not in that group. The, the type of player he is, he ingest, If he in that group, the guys that I just named, is he in that group? Because I think that's the group that he wants from basketball, From ball standpoint. Not the accolades you just named from a basketball standpoint.


You're not putting him in that group with those players. No. Oh wait, so you gonna put them Way, the accolades you just named as a basketball Player. That's how the players are rated. So, so in other words, if accolades didn't matter, you could put anybody in a group with Patrick Mahomes. Accolades don't matter. No, I'm, no, I'm just saying from a basketball standpoint, playing the game, Basketball from a football standpoint, from a football standpoint, accolades don't matter what quarterback you wanna put in the category with Mahomes, accolades don't matter because that's what you just said. No, you're not, you're not, you're not understanding what I'm saying. I'm talking about from a skill perspective, like just playing straight basketball.


There's a lot of skilled guys, but what separates them are championship and accolades on Joe. No. So lemme ask you a question, you Know, understand, you understand what I'm saying? If skill, if skilled, lemme ask you a question. If skilled in Jo as Jordan and Kobe Woods without the accolades, would we hold them in such high regards? Okay. I I I hear what you're saying. But may maybe I'm, maybe I'm wording it the wrong way. Maybe I'm wording it the wrong. I'm, I'm, maybe I'm wording it the wrong way and I can't find the words who kind of explain what I'm trying to say, but I'm, I'm just seeing it. He just as good as those guys.


But he doesn't have the team achievement that allowed them to, to, to garner. That's What it's about. O Joe. That's what it's, what are we doing here? We can't change the rules. See the problem that a lot of times what people try to do, they try to change the rules for people that they like. I like Dame. I'm on record. My record speaks for itself about talking about Dame. But you can't put in with LeBron Steph and KD and Giannis and Yolk. You can't. That Am I, am I miss, am I missing something? You just upset? There's a reason.


There's a reason. Ocho I know It kind, it, it upsets me a little bit because now you're, you're answering this question on why they don't talk about him more often as good as he is. And that, that that's why they No, they talk about him. I think the thing is for him is that if he were to win a championship, I think he shoots up the rank. He's, like I said, you could make a case that he's the greatest second greatest shooter ever. But he happens to be playing in the era with the greatest shooter. The Greatest. Right? All right. Just imagine, just imagine how we would look at Peyton and Rogers had they not been smacked down.


You are probably talking about the first and second greatest quarterbacks. Probably the first and second greatest without, without Brady. Yeah. But there is a Brady. Yeah. There, there is, there is Brady. And so that's the thing. You talk about skill. Jordan and Kobe are two of the most skilled guys that ever lace up the lace up shoes and dribble a basketball, but without the accolades. What are we talking about here? Yeah, I got you. I got you. I You can't have one without the other. I got it. I think it, it comes, it comes, it comes into, I think the thing I, I look, I think his peers have the utmost respect.


Absolutely. Ordained and rightfully so. I think for the most part, I mean, he's been an all, he's been a multiple time Allstar. I mean, how many Allstar games have Dane been in? Like 10? Probably been an allstar 10 times. He's probably been an all NBA selection multiple times. He's an eight time all star. Seven time all NBA. He has accolades, but just not the one that would cause you to be revered. MVPs, championships, finals, MVPs. And the five guys that I named look at LeBron Four titles, four and finals MVPs, four MVPs, 10 final appearances.


Steph, same thing. Six appearances, four titles, two regular season MVPs. A finals. MVP, Kevin Durant, four finals. Appearances. Two titles, two finals. MVP, Nicola Yoic, three MVPs, one final appearance, one finals. MVP Giannis, two MVPs. A defensive player of the year. One finals. One finals. MVP. It's just hard. Now I can look if we just talking about, and these are, these are the lead, these are the lead dogs.


Yeah, they're lead dogs are the sled. Yeah. So we're not talking about guys that okay, he wanna ring, but he wasn't the lead dog. And that's what dam has been, dam has been the lead dog in Partland. Right. But I just don't know how you put him in that same category as, as those guys with the accomplishment those guys have. Is he gonna be a first Battle hall of Famer? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just seeing it from a, I I'm just seeing it from a different lens. I just don't know how to regurgitate it out to where it would make, would make sense. I understand the accolades that all the other players have, but just speaking from a basketball perspective and, and, and what I get to see on the court, he is just as great as those individuals, despite them having all the hardware they have to go with them.


You, you, you, you, I don't know if it's, yeah. Making sense. I mean, might make sense to some, some might not get it, but I, I, I got you again. I got a long way to go with this basketball shit. So That's all.


Hey guys, this's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. Here's what we do. We just pick winners. That's all we do. We tell you who to bet on and you win. Now, sometimes that involves betting on who we meet on bet on sometimes involves betting against who we bet on. But either way, every game you're getting a winner. It's up to you to decide which one it is. Choose Your own adventure. We're choose your own Adventure podcast. We just kinda lay out what's there for you. What other show could tell you if you bet either what we say or don't. You will win. You have a 50% chances. Good way to look at it. I feel like that's pretty good odds, don't you? It really is. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


$5,000. That's the average amount of money people in the US are now spending on gas in a year. Five grand. That's crazy. If you drive, you have to download Upside the free app that gives you cash back every time you get gas. That's right. You can earn real cash back with upside just by buying the gas. You're already buying. You can literally start earning cash back today. I Use upside every time I fill up and I've already made around two, $300. You're putting gas in your car anyway. Why not get real cash back? If you like free money, download upside. I'm saving the cash iron from using Upside to help pay for a vacation later this year. Download the free Upside app now to earn cash back every time you buy gas. Use promo code coin to get an extra 25 cents per gallon on your first tank. You can cash out anytime, right? Your bank, PayPal, or a gift card for Amazon and other brands. Just download the free upside app and use promo code coin for a 25 cents per gallon bonus on your first tank. That's code Coin for a 25 cents per gallon bonus.


Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from with new game releases each week, play for free anytime, anywhere for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit, cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Chant, hunger went on Paul George podcast. Podcast p and asked, who's taking the last shot, shot if needed in a game. Chant said, you need a bucket at the end of the game. Who's shooting that shot? You are Joelle PG said That's a Nick nurse question. I'm gonna deflect that. The Nick nurse chant. That's a PR answer. Who do you want taking the last shot? Ocho, pg or mbi? I'm gonna go with, oh shoot. That's a good one. Boy, I'm gonna go with pg. I'm I'm gonna go, I'm I'm gonna go with pg taking the last shot simply because, simply because he's a little bit more elusive in being able to free himself up to get a shot off.


He's a little bit more elusive. Got a pick. If you don't have a pick you, you go iso he could take a motherfucker off the drip. Oh shit. I'm sorry. He could take an individual off the dribble and to be able to create a shot as opposed to MBI not being as elusive. Probably having to make a crazy shot post somebody up inbounds. There's only so much you could do with him if the, if the game is on the line. So I, I like, I like Paul George to take that last shot. Yeah, that's that's a, that's a very tough one because the thing is you can go to Joe LMB and he's so good at drawing files. Yeah. Okay. That's, that's one way to look at it.


But PG has taken big shots. He's made big shots. You still have Tyrese Maxey who they maxed out, who's shown that, hey, given the opportunity James Harden leaves, he gets an opportunity to show that, hey, I can do this thing too. I think it's gonna be based on who's having a night, I think first game of the year, Joel and B. Right. I think the first game of the year, old show Joel and B, now PG has it going PA Okay. I don't know that. That's, that's a good one.


How many plays can you call up with a game on the line and you gotta inbound the ball for your center? Think about it. Even though he, he has a great three and he's great for mid range. If he Yeah, He Gets the ball. There's only so much he can do. No, the thing is, what makes him so unique is that he can put the ball on the floor and get to his spot. Yeah. Okay. He, He ain't right. He ain't, he ain't the typical big man that we're used to seeing. Yeah, yeah. As you said. Yeah, he got three, he got me. Right. He could put the ball on the floor and get to the basket. Nobody shot more free throws over the last three to four years than Joe l and b.


He can get to the line. He can get to the line. That's gonna be very, that's gonna be very, very interesting to see because PG has been in situations where he's taken the last shot. Right. But it's also been in situations where Kawhi has taken the last shot when he, there was no question when he was in Philly. When he was in Indiana, he getting the ball. Oh Yeah. He getting it right. And rightfully so, and I, it, it is hard for me to believe he might be better after he broke his, broke his leg than what he was in, in the original. Right. And I didn't think that was possible. When I saw him laying, laying on that floor in, in Vegas, I was like, oh man, this man here just get, just entering into his absolute apex.


Yeah, Man, that dude worked his way back. You can't tell PG had anything happen to him. Damn. That's a, that's a good one though. Nick. Nurse, who you gonna draw it up for Ocho? Yeah. Two has played for two different head coaches during his four year NFL career And. if you want to know which one he likes better. Well, it's pretty clear. Let's take a listen to what Tua had to say on the Dan Lator podcast. Can you explain to us the difference in practical terms between having a coach who did believe in you the way that he did and the difference between that and what was happening with Flores?


Yeah. Well, to put it in simplest terms, if you woke up every morning and I told you, you suck at what you did, that you don't belong doing what you do, that you shouldn't be here, that this guy should be here, that you haven't earned this. Right. And then you have somebody else come in and tell you, dude, you are the best fit for this. A it's very important for coaches to understand the players. Yep. Understand the type of coaching, the type of moti motivating tactics that you use.


Understand who you're dealing with. That's very important. It's very, very important. Now, some players will respond to that differently. Well, you tell me something like that. Well, that's motivating. I don't belong. Well, shit, nigga. Who Oh my bad. I'm sorry. My bad, my bad. I'm, you got me, got me getting goddamn Liberty City, but yeah. Oh, I don't belong. Well, okay, I'm gonna show you. I like that some coaches have to coach hard, but they have to know the player that they talking to. Some don't, some don't respond well to that. No, Some don't respond well to that.


It's all, it's all about knowing your player and I, you, you can't, you can't talk to your players like that. Especially not your quarterback. You don't tell your quarterback that, that don't tell your quarterback that. If he's built for that, if he's built you again, know your personnel as a coach. If he's built like that and that's your way of getting to him to get what you want out of him. I see it, but I'm too is not that kind of player. He's not mentally built like that for you to be criticizing who he is as a player and taking shots at him. That's not how you get him to respond and to get the best outta him. And Mr. Flare should have known that.


I think look, everybody tries to, maybe that's something that Coach Belichick would tell Tom Brady 'cause it's been reported. He is like, Hey, I can go get a guy from the high school team that can do that. Tommy, what are we doing here? But like you said, the mark of a great coach Right. Is to understand his per his players and to communicate and to get the best out of them. Yeah. Without the player feel like he's being demeaned. Right. Because I don't care how strong, I don't care if Tom Brady is repeatedly told every single day, you ain't nothing. You are seventh to sixth round draft pick. That's why you were in the sixth round. Right. It starts to eat at you.


It does. It does. If your position coach, no matter what you did, you have a great game. He like that was all right. But when you have a bad game, he beat you down. It's gonna wear on you. That's just the way, that's because somebody can tell you something great. 50 great comments, but you'll see that one, that one negative one. You Remember it Remember. So imagine more negative 50 negative, but what one positive. Right. But I look, I think it's been on record that Brian Flores wanted Justin Herbert, Steven Ross overruled him and took two. You look at big strong Herbert, six foot 4, 6 5 Rocket arm can make every single throw.


Right. Dual a more athletic than you would think. But like you said, McDaniels came in and said, bro, you perfect for the system. Yeah, most definitely. And He is process. You can get the ball outta your hand. Hey, you look at these pieces, you got, you got Waddle, you got A-A-A-A-A-W Reek. Oh, you OO Odell. We got running, we got a chain, we got most, we got guys in the backfield that you can hand it to it. It's, it's, it's a tough situation, man. Look, I I I've been like, I've been very fortunate to ocho I don't know about you, but I've been fortunate that coaches like always gave me positive.


Right. I didn't do well with, like I said, I didn't do well with the cursing. Coach me, I wanna be coach hard. If I'm wrong, tell me I'm Wrong. So you you you different from me. I do. I do well with the cursing. No, I do well with the cursing. When Hugh was there, when Hugh Jackson was my coach, those were my best years in Cincinnati. When Hugh was my coach, Marvin, I did well with the cursing. They knew how to talk to me. It's okay, pretend like we not here. Pretend we in the barbershop. Right. I respond well to that and it, I, it just, it, it just who I was. It's what I'm used to. It's the way I was, it was the way I was coached when I was growing up. So, and, and they, we understood that And, we had that type of relationship where it didn't, it didn't, I didn't take it personal.


I understood and nor they knew what they needed to do to get me going, to get the best outta me. Yeah. And I think that's the thing. That's what a coach job is, is to find out what motivates the player. How could I, how can I reach into a player and pull out the absolute best of it. Right. And you know what, now that you just said that, and that's another reason why Marvin and Hugh allowed me to be myself when it came to the antics, whether it be Yeah. The media, whether it be through sending the secondaries each week a gift or whatever it may be. Because that is the stuff that motivated me and it forced me to have to play. Huh. Because I already put myself out there. Yeah. I had no choice but to show up every week.


I had no choice. I got a goddamn list of all the dbs in my goddamn locker before week one. And everybody name got a check by it. And they trying to knock my head off every goddamn week. I had no choice but to show up. But that motivated me. Yeah. It motivated me. It made me get up. I mean, it's, it's the goddamn NFL You gotta be ready, you gotta get up, you gotta play hard, you gotta practice whatever it may be. But I just needed that extra edge I got. I'm talking shit for a reason. Right. I had to, it's weird. It's weird, but I just, I just needed it. It is, I, I don't know. People say, oh, you adding too much pressure. Oh, just approach the game quietly. I can't, I need people trying to hurt me.


I need people to try to knock my head off. I need, I just, I, I need it. It it, it gets me going and it takes all the pressure off every the other 52 guys. I dunno. It's it's, it's a weird thing. I, I just, I don't know how to explain it. Yeah. I just, they each is on, like I said, I, I, you know, I think my coaches, I did a great job of relaying to my coaches. Even when I went to, bro, when I went to Baltimore, Brian had, I went to Brian's office, I talked to him. He is like, you know, I said, I don't mind you yelling at me. You just can't curse me. Right. I said, coach you, you ain't play that shit. No. No. Because I wasn't gonna let you call me something. My, my grandmother. That was the only person that could talk to me sideways.


Right, right. Anybody, I mean, hey, no, no, you're not gonna, no, I understand. And I get it. I know you're the head coach. Right. I know you can fire me. I know you can trade me. I get all of that. Right. But if you think you can talk to me sideways before you trade me, before you cut me. Yes sir. I tell your ass up before you do. My thing is o I'm, I'm big on respect. Yes sir. Because I go outta my way to give someone respect. Yeah. And now if you don't respect me, okay. Let's just, you know, hey, let's just go on our separate ways. And, we cool. Yeah. Because sometimes, man, look here, my grandfather used to always say, he said, boy, don't be a slave to loyalty.


Mm. Sometimes people be, become a slave to loyalty because someone has done something for you. Right. And you co and they constantly feel, they know they've done something for you. Right. But they feel they can talk to you less than Mm. Nah, You know what, I appreciate that. Right. I'll always hold you in very high regards, but you know what, let's just go on our separate ways because this is, the disrespect is starting to get outta hand. And I'm, I'm big on respect. I I think everybody deserves a level of respect. That's just me. Yeah. And I go outta my way to give it to people. Anybody that's ever come in contact with me, that's how I am. But nah, you not finna talk.


You're not finna talk to me, man. Please. Yeah. That's, that's crazy. Nah, Nah. Yeah. I don't know. We, I, yeah. It's just, I had a different relationship with, with what he, especially, matter of fact, you say you gonna be at the show too. Which one? In Atlanta. Atlanta? Yeah. He, he, okay. He coach coaching at Georgia. I, what Did I see Hugh? What did I see? I saw Hugh coaching at Georgia State. Okay. But I saw, I saw him, I saw him a couple months. I used to bump into him all the time. In, in la Yeah. But I hadn't, I hadn't seen him in a while. So that, that's probably why. But I did bump into him in Atlanta. I was home and I saw him. I saw him in Atlanta. Yeah. But, oh, Joe. ESPN released their NFL power rankings today.


Number one, chiefs number two Ravens. Number three. Niners number four, lions Number five Eagles. Number six Texans. Number seven Bills number eight Dolphins. Number nine Bengals, number 10 Packers. And last outside the top 10. I mean, we ain't gonna mention them, we only go to 10. Hold on now. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Ravens for the age, you know, I, I like this. I can't, I can't really. This I do too. Yeah. This, this just about right. Somebody got this right. I'm not sure who made who at ES ESPN made this list. But this is, This is spot on.


I'm not so sure I wouldn't put the Texans over the Eagles. Man. I don't trust the Eagles defense Ocho. I just don't. Well, well based on what they did last year now. No, I know they got Devin White came from Tampa. Right. With something to prove. Right. But man, Listen, based off last year, this is perfectly, this is a perfect list for everybody to use going into this season. Yeah. You see Dolphins? Yeah. Bengals, you know the injury to Joe Burrow. That's why we at nine. So I understand that. That's right. The packers, eh, cowboys at 11.


Yeah. Because there's, there's, there's no other team you can replace. You can take out and put the Cowboys there. So the 11 is, that's, that's a good spot. And I think the surprising team this year that ain't on that goddamn list. And just because of the matter of fact two teams, Anders and the Bears. Okay. Don't Shock. A lot of people now, simply because of the quarterback play, they open up, they open up the playbook. You can do so many more things offensively because of them first pass, first quarterbacks, but have the ability to run if need be and extend plays. They gonna surprise a lot of people.


Alright. We gonna see ESPN also say Jerry Jones is on the hot seat. You agree Jerry Jones? Yeah. Who the hell gonna fire Jerry? He, Hey, they get off to a slow start because CD ain't at camp. Listen man, I, they say Jerry on the hot seat. I just wanna know who gonna fire Jerry. Ain't nobody gonna fire him. Jerry J look, Jerry's convinced the fans in Ca Dallas. Hey. 'cause he tell him every year, this is the most talented team. This team remind me of those Super Bowl teams. Yeah. And everybody get excited all over again because they know how talented those teams were. And they said, well, Jerry got know what he's talking about because he was so close and every year what happened, Don't get me started.


You get from in front of that mic and let them boys do what they need to do. Get from in front Mic, get OCHO In front of that mic and get them players paid. But he ain't trying to do that. He tried to get his shine. He don't like, he don't want nobody stealing his shine. Yeah. Tom Brady went on Stephen a's podcast. Yeah. And praised the Rams as potentially being the number one threat to the Chiefs this season. Do you agree Ocho? Huh? The Rams. How, and has this an underrated defense. And he is only seen him in shorts, in shirts, joint practices.


That, that, that don't count. That don't count. Because when the time comes, when it's time to actually play, it's gonna be different. It's gonna be different. Hey, we got Xavier worthy Travis Kelsey, you got wait, rash, Rasheed Rice. Okay. Rashe Rice Sky Moore. Hold on. We got his, his shoulders messed up, but he hit me back. Hollywood, Hollywood, Hollywood, brown. Man. Things are different things. Things are different over there in, in Kansas City, man. Nah, I know you might, it's just tough, man. I know you listen. I, I know Tom, Tom probably saw him at practice.


Defense flying around. Defense looking good. They might've been looking good in shorts. They, hell, they might've been looking good in pads. They might been good in the joint practice, but hell, it's a different ball game being the biggest threat to the Chiefs. I don't even think they had the personnel to match up with the chief. Who? The Rams. The Rams. It's all about matchups. It's all about personnel. Who you putting out there? Who's stopping who? Who's covering who? It ain't just Shh man. All right. And it, it ain't Madden. Former first round pick, offensive Tackle.


GOs Gossner Chairless was arrested this weekend after allegedly urinating on a passenger during a Delta flight. During a Delta Airlines flight. See, police were called to Logan Airport at 2:00 AM Chairless released a statement. The situation I like to address the media reports about me that surfaced today regarding a situation that occurred on onboarded flight to Ireland this past weekend. The flight was unexpectedly delayed, approximately four hours and it did not take off until 12:30 AM in preparation for the unexpected overnight flight. I took a sleeping medication that I normally don't, I norm that I don't normally use, which resulted in behavior that is not representative of my character.


I would like to apologize to the passengers and the flight crew. Ooh, that's tough. That's tough. I mean, them sleeping Pills, get your man, you gotta be careful with them things on your, Wait, what was it? Sleeping pill. Oh man. It make you do stuff like that though. Unc, we don't know what you Hell yeah. You be sleep walking, sleep talking. Yeah. Serious. That's why I don't take them on. I don't take 'em on no flight. Damn. Never have me on the no fly list. I need to fly. Yeah. I don't, IIII don't, I don't even know how to comment on that one, but obviously he was not in his right state of mind because of the sleeping pills he took and didn't understand the effects that it would have after taking them.


But I didn't, I didn't know make you do something like that where you don't know where you, not each Yeah. State of mind. I mean, you, I mean, look, I don't, I ain't gonna call no name of sleeping medication, but some of you have to be careful. You have to be extremely careful. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. Ooh, that's crazy. Dang. So Damn. Yeah, but I, Lord, that's why I always get mad. I, that's why I don't take no sleeping pill. I normally take off. Ain't ain't got no problem sleeping when I'm tired, I'm going to bed. Right. Yeah. I don't, me and them overnight. I mean, when we flew to France, I ain't sleeping.


Not once. I was aggravating the hell outta ash. Ash. Like, you not gonna go to, to sleep. Nah. And I ain't gonna let you go to sleep either. So I was up what, nine what, eight, nine hours? Yeah. I was up the whole flight. I was like, what y'all doing? Because she was sitting with Shell. I was like, what y'all doing back here? Wait, you slept, you stayed the whole, you the whole nine Hours. I stayed up the whole time as so, hey, I wake good. I see as I see Ash Head do this. I come get on the back of the seat. What y'all doing? Hey, listen, I, I could be flying from here to Orlando, here to Tampa Flight might be 30 minutes.


I'm finna get me 20 minutes of sleep. I'm going to sleep three hour flight, two hour flight, five hour flight, six hour. I'm going to sleep. And I are, you and I purposely leave at night because you know, I now I don't, I don't like the red eyes. O Joe. The funny thing, see normally the only time I'm up late at night is when we started doing the show. When we, before the show started, before this was created. Oh, nine 30, boy, I'm asleep. I'm up 5:00 AM Yeah, we had to be sleep too. We had to be to work at 4:00 AM Okay. Okay. Okay. So what time you think I was going to bed? I gotta get up. I gotta shower. I gotta take the dogs out before I, I'm up at Three. I I don't see how you do it bro.


And then LeBron James and then LeBron moved. Come to la. It was fine. Long as LeBron was on the east coast. Right? Because the game, Hey, this man gonna mess around and come to la La Yeah. Them games coming on at seven 30 ain't going to end until 10. Right. I'm in the bed at left. I'm back up at three $5,000.


That's the average amount of money People in the US are now spending on gas in a year. Five grand. That's crazy. If you drive, you have to download Upside. The free app that gives you cash back every time you get gas. That's right. You can earn real cash back with upside just by buying the gas. You're already buying. You can literally start earning cash back today. I use Upside every time I fill up and I've already made around two, $300. You're putting gas in your car anyway. Why not get real cash back? If you like free money, download Upside. I'm saving the cash iron from using Upside to help pay for a vacation later this year. Download the free Upside app now to earn cash back every time you buy gas. Use promo code coin to get an extra 25 cents per gallon on your first tank. You can cash out any time. Write your bank PayPal or a gift card for Amazon and other brands. Just download the free upside app and use promo code coin for a 25 cents per gallon bonus on your first tank. That's code Coin for a 25 cents per gallon bonus.


Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoked them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and SPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


I have some big news for vegans and vegetarians everywhere. It's Hellman's Plant-based Mayo spread and dressing made for people with a plant-based diet. And anyone really who wants to enjoy the great taste of Hellman's reel without the eggs. I'm gonna go ahead and hold for applause here. Yep. It's a gluten-free plant-based alternative to the traditional Hellman's mayonnaise, but with the eggs. But that Hellman's Mayo taste, you know and love hasn't changed one bit or one doll that's probably more accurate. This is big news because just like Hellman's reel, Hellman's plant base is still perfect, absolutely perfect for sandwiches, salads, and veggie burgers of course. So you can feel good about serving it to your family. To celebrate this major condiment milestone Hellman's is sharing some easy plant-based recipes from mac and cheese to hearty dinner options, refreshing salads and even breakfast delights. You can find all these delicious recipes@hellmans.com. Hellmans plant-based mayo spread and dressing, same great taste plant-based. Visit hellmans.com for recipes.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. eBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is at the moment I got it. I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers. I need to tin out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoy myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And. we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts. You can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it And with eBay guaranteed fit. It's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices, you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


Alright, Ocho, time for our last segment. And it's q and a q and A. Hey Kim. Bernard Wood Jr. Said, oh, who's the best quarterback in NFC West? I would take Stafford. Stafford? Yep. NFC West. Hold on. You get, you get Purdy, you get the guy or whoever is at Seattle. You get Kyler or you get Stafford. I'll take Stafford. I'm going with Gino Smith. Okay, I'm going with Gino. Stop playing with Gino Top now.


I'll take, I'll take Stafford. Okay. Yeah, I mean, listen, you can't go wrong with that Super Bowl champion, but I'm just going with Gino 'cause he, he's from goddamn Florida. Oh, okay. Aaron Owen says, UNC, what current receiver reminds you of Ocho Ocho? What current tight end reminds you of Unc? I mean, well there's, there's no current receiver that is, that is like myself and that, and I mean that in the most respectful way I tied That reminds me of Unc. Maybe. What about he doesn't get the ball as much as he should? He kind of did when Flaco stepped in. Unku what you think?


No, No. He's a little bit, he's, he's not as fluid as I am. Kelsey reminds me of me like Kelsey. He, he, he's a big, he's a big fluid guy. He can drop his hips. Great change of direction. He plays, he got, he got wiggle to it. Wiggle To him. Yeah. Yeah. I like, I know joke. Who got that too now? Hold on now. Nah, Jo Ku more of a inline guy. He ain't got no sauce. He like, like Chelsea's gonna run Wilt routes, option routes.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. KU is more of a, a, a guy that, that seems seven routes. Right. Stuff like that. He can build up a head of steam. Yeah. Kelsey gonna kick, Kelsey gonna kill you with finesse on the inside. He's shaking you up. B, Right, b bop bop bop. Okay. Okay. All right. I like it. I like it. I like it. Probably Keenan doesn't have the speed that you had, but Keenan Allen kind of reminds me of you. Well, he doesn't have, he doesn't have, Keenan is more of a slot. Right. You played more outside the numbers. Yeah, he definitely don't have, he definitely don't have the foot speed that you have.


Yeah. My, my, my lateral, my lateral movement in my feet was, was all I had. Yeah. Not all I had, I'm just, I'm just saying that that was, that was my specialty. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, Hey guys, what's more critical to a team's success? Top tier quarterback or a lockdown corner Quarterback Of get you a guy that can score points. Quarterback, of course Get you a guy that can score points. Ocho Quarterback, of course, Because I could go away from the lockdown corner all day. How you gonna keep the ball out? My hand Can't because if you touching it every, you touching it every time.


Three down It you could do about it at all. I ain't got a fool with Reba. I ain't got a fool with Dion or any top corner words. How did Bomb hell out your other guys? So C Hill said, what's good? 84 85 Ocho. How did it feel hearing Adam Shefter name drop you today when Lil Wayne shouted you at a, in in the hustle re hard remix, one of his legendary bars keeps, keeps stepping for CC two. What you think you Wayne put you in a track? I I, I don't know. I I ain't hear it. I ain't hear it, man. Listen, I've been, I've been, well this, this has been going on for years and years and years.


Just being, being in people's lyrics. Being in people's lyrics. So it's been cool. But I, I ain't know we dropped anything, anything new. What'd you call him? Say Justin Jefferson reminds them of you? Mm, no. No, He, He's a, he's, he's a, a, a long stride. I, I don't know how to explain it, man. I used to cha you know, it's funny. Depending on the route, I would change my gate too, the way I'm running. Yeah. And you wouldn't even tell. I get the illusion that I'm moving.


I give the illusion that I'm running full speed when I'm really not just by e exaggerating my gate and making it look like I'm moving. But no, no. We, we, nah, it's, it's nobody. 'cause with the footwork alone or the route running alone, it's No, no. Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody. Ain't nobody running full speed and stopping on a dime. Lainey Ray says, Hey guys, thanks for keeping us entertain as you, if you could trade places with anyone for a day, who would it be? And what would you do First? Cherry places for one person for a day?


You know what, who is the current sitting president? It's still Biden, right? Yep. I'd be the PII I'd be the, I'm gonna be the president. Shit, I don't want that job. It's only for a day. I don't want that. It is only for the day. It is only for a day. You let me president for a day, boy. We gonna have, we gonna have a ball. We gonna have a ball. I'm gonna take my motorcade, my whatever you call the whole motorcade And. we gonna, we gonna be in the city. We finna pull up at Tussy, go to the Dolphins practice doing all type of shit a president ain't supposed to be doing.


You know what Ocho What? I don't want, I wouldn't wanna trade with nobody. No, it's only one day, huh? I'm good. Yeah. All right. That's all right. Because then they gonna know all the secrets. They'll come back. Then I trade with somebody and then they gonna know all my senior, they gonna tell all my business. Okay, I see what you mean. Alright, well I do it. I'm, I'm I want to be in the White House. You go visit? Nah, I, nah, nah, nah. I wanna be hypothetical. Oh. Oh, you wanna say the Oval Office? Yeah. Yeah. Hypothetically speaking.


Matter of fact, I just wanna, I, I wanna address America because I'd be the first, I'd be the first sitting president that curses, Nah, there've been some curse on hot Mike. Just not publicly. Yeah, That's hot. Mike. No, I'm, I'm hello to the American people. I've always wanted to tell you this. I fucking love all you fuckers. That's how I'm addressing the people. What? Hey, hey, listen, I have America jumping, man. That's what they need. They need something different. They, they need a, a change of pace. You know, a cur, a cussing. You ever seen the videos of a cursing pastor?


I, I think I did. I think he, he funny as hell. Funny as hell. Rod eight 70 says Uncle Ocho. Could you guys wish my wife Tamara? Oh, Tamara Beth McGee from Westwood in Memphis. Happy birthday Tamara. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Your hub said he wanted to wish you a happy birthday today. Say he hope you enjoyed your day and many, many more to come. And he's happy that he got a chance to celebrate it with you. So Rod, you and Tamara best wish you guys the best of in Memphis. And when we come to Memphis, I want some what? We going to get some dry, some dry rub ribs.


That's what I want. Dry rub. Yeah. I want that dry rub. I want, I mean, I like wet. I like 'em wet too. But I want that. You know You ever had them dry? Like rib tips? Them dry rub. Oh, rib Tip rib. I, I know about rib tip now. I know. Yeah, Yeah, yeah man, I, that's, that's what I, that's what I be wanting. Ocho Aaron Rico Ocho just turned 28. Let these ladies know I'm trying to settle down, but this weekend I'm doing something before two something. Stay with me now, Bro. Hey, How you gonna talk about she ready to settle down, but they talking about this weekend you trying to do something or two something. I gotta steal that.


Hey, enjoy yourself boy. Enjoy yourself. You ain't ready. Yeah. Enjoy yourself man. Nah man. I want to, I look you everybody can't do a, a dry rub. You know what I'm don't you, everybody can't do dry rub ribs. Why not condo? Do you, you been to Kansas City? Yeah, Kansas City, Kansas is known for its ribs, right? If I'm not mistaken, yes. Okay. So yeah. What is Memphis known for? Ribs. Oh, Same, same thing. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. Dry rub baby. Back the rib tips.


Hey, you know what, speaking of ribs, now I know people might laugh at me because you know I ain't really with the high end shit. You ever had the baby back rib from Tony Romas or you don't know what Tony Romas is? I Know what Tony Romas is. Yeah. I had a woo, I used to get a full, a full record baby back rib from Tony Rose with the french fries. Oh. Them shit used to fall off the bone. Now I know it's nothing compared to the ribs in, in the Kansas City or the ribs in Memphis. But it was good to me because the simple things make me happy, but goddamn damn them ribs, man. Hey, I need somebody to go get fetch me Williams brothers because I go, when I go home, when I go, when I go to Atlanta, you know I normally get, I go to Fat mats, I go to Fox Brothers and then I get my homeboy grab some from Williams brothers.


They're up in Marietta, so I don't feel like driving there. So I was like, Hey man, you up that way? Oh, Charlie Ros in Memphis Rendezvous. He say Rendezvous isn't there Charlie Ros in Memphis or is that the same thing? Is Charlie Ros and Rendezvous the same thing? I don't know. I don't know. Huh? I was, I was just, I'm thinking about them damn ribs, man. Yeah, I want some good, I I would like to have some too. Ocho TY fly guy said Ocho, you gonna retire from them 4 86 jobs.


If, if you have Bezos cash, Hell Gonna have a hundred thousand diamonds in Magic City. Nah, I'm gonna get them sparks because, you know what I'm saying? They got a spark, got a little flame on it too. Ocho. Yeah. I already know. I'm about five. Hey, I ain't retiring nothing. I got that kind of money. I'm gonna do something I'm gonna steal. I got What you call about your, I got a, I got you a couple samples Of what Them sparks. What's the spark? Well, I'm lost now. You, you gotta catch me up the speed. Oh, That I'm saying on Joe.


I just told you it's ready when you ready. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. All Walk around there. What's up? Short on if you wanna one of my old T-shirts if you want them. Okay. I'm Oh man. Damn. You know. Hey, it is what it is. Yeah. I'm with listen, one thing about it, bro, I'm with you when you're right. Yeah man. Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm on, I'm on a spiritual It sparks man. I'm trying a, I'm on a spiritual journey right now. A spiritual journey. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, we're about to start up, so I'm trying to Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I'm trying to cleanse myself. I'm trying to lock in, I'm trying to focus. Okay. Okay. Now Understanding the task at hand. I got an an important six months ahead of me and, and, and I, I need to be just, I need to be here just straight ahead. They talking about I'm gonna go blind and mess with them sparks, Stevie Wonder got by eight kids. I don't need to see. It'll see just fine. Hell nah. Hey that I got that, I got 30, 30 vision, don't you? Hey, shit.


See, he one that got eight for real. I, I don't know how many kids he got, but you know, he got a bunch of 'em though. I think he joke got like six or seven kids. I don't know if he got eight, but I think he got six or seven. Okay. Okay. I ain't know. I ain't know that. Yeah. Damn Is I, he, he ain't nothing wrong with, ain't nothing wrong with with that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Good. Because you can't see that old me. Hey, I, I done seen some of Ray Charles had kids. How, how do they decide who to talk to? How can you tell? You see Ray, you see Ray, that movie Ray, James Fox, the ball like, Oh, that, but what a feeling the ball That nice and small. Ooh. That don't, that don't tell you how somebody look though.


I mean, you feel, I mean obviously you, I mean look, when you lose one of your senses, the other senses become heightened. Right. So taste, smell, earing lose your sight, whatever the second case may be. Right. So clearly he could touch like, Ooh Yeah. Oh, oh yeah. Oh, you know, back then they touch, you know they touch all that. Now, hey, you best right to get me too. Now if you're blind and try to do somebody like that. Yeah. They don't play that. So Yeah, somebody, yeah. Ain't nothing wrong with that Ray Me, Merab me. Hey, Ray was catching them all like, ooh.


Then you remember that one that once you was a little, he little, little, little heavy Ray like, oh no Uhuh Ray let that one go. But see, you know what I'm saying? That was a Good movie And you know your boy Ocho, you know they cover that thing. They come a little tiny risk like yeah, you going to the side move on. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You feel like you about two 10 come on in. Yeah, there it's two 10. Two 10. Yeah. Yeah. Two 10. Two 10. That's why I've been working. I've been, I've been working. Hey, you know I've been getting a bitch up. I gotta get up to about four, five Do 10. I'm all in two 30. We can Get dirty. You never know Ocho you never know. Two 30 we get dirty.


Somebody might be, Hey somebody, somebody hit me up to about, I'm a, I saw a message. Somebody like, they, they like 5 8, 2 50. I like, I don't know about that one now. But you, You, I didn't say that. No, No. You remember you sent me that photo? No, I said five two. No, you sent me a photo. You sent me the photo with the one. You remember the photo you sent me? I did to my right up, right up your alley. Oh yeah. I, nah, Like that. Nah, bro. Okay. I'm just, And plus that was 3 50, 400. Yeah, but she had a little height to it though. Nah, well she need to be eight foot tall.


I'm just trying to find, Hell no, hell nah. Come on man. I'm just trying To, I I do you have some Standards, huh? Two 50? I ain't going over two 50, Man. She, she was about two 30. Oh perfect. No, she's three. No, She was proportionate. No she wasn't. Come on man. Nah, She was shaped like a garment bag. I couldn't do that one. A what? A garment bag. Well you know what you could do with a garment bag. It's the same size all the way down. I can't do nothing but put clothes in it Man. Leave me alone don't you?


Hey Mel. J said it's my birthday. Love y'all content. Appreciate y'all. Can I get a birthday? Shout out. Milton Odom Jr. 33, 2 days from Bryan. Okay. College Station, home of the Aggies, Milton. Happy birthday bro. Happy 33rd. Enjoy this day. Happy. Have fun. What you call him? Burger. I had a homeboy. I played with a guy Rob Bernstein. We call him Burger. He from up Bryan. So we got no more Ash. That's it. Ocho. Yo, that's it.


That's it. See you on Thursday. Be ready to go. Hey, I see you in Atlanta live show Thursday night, right on down. We coming. We got a nice show for you guys. Great entertainment, great conversation. Hold on. Can't wait to see you guys in a TL. Same thing we had on to Houston on that Sunday and then gonna finish it off in Dallas. So thank you guys for everyone that bought that purchased tickets. We greatly, greatly appreciate it and we're going to give you a great OCHO and I are gonna put on a great show. So thank you guys. Please do us a favor. Make sure you subscribe and hit that like button. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite number 85, the route runner extraordinaire.


He's the bingo ring of Fame honoree and the legendary, he's a pro bowler, he's an all pro. He went to Samo Juco to Oregon State and then he made a name for himself with the Cincinnati Bengals. And that's why you see his name in the Ring of Honor, the legendary Liberty City's zone. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can just call him ocho. Yeah. So make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from every podcast subscriber counts. And thank you guys for helping us rise up the top to the top of the chart and stay there. Gil, be even better this year, the second year round. Please make sure you holler. Check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock and if we don't have it on a state or city near you, order bottle ship right to your door.


Make sure you follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Everything is 20% off right now. So thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. We greatly appreciate it. We'll catch you guys. We're back on Saturday,


The Volume summer's here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESP n plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart tlo, efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen X.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that right then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much, and if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.