
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage A war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia's pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with drafting sports book. With live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports Book. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. Won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers. It is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion applied. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Ocho the Lakers stopped the bleeding today after a four game skid in which they saw them go from the two seed all the way to the five seed. They got 33 points, 11 rebounds, eight assists from Luca. They got 28 points from Officer Reeves. Jackson. Hayes matched the season high with 19 and they win 1 0 7 to 96. Kevin Durant had 21 points. Debbie Booker had 19th, 19 for the 11th place. Sons, the Lakers failed three spots during the west. They lost all four games. They were on the rodeo show and currently stretch of brutal with seven games in 10 days, including five at home.


Yeah, in seven days. A lot of this had to do with, you remember when they had the fire, the wildfires in la? Yeah. They had to make up those games. They gotta make up a game in which San Antonio was supposed to play. That game got postponed. So now it got sandwiched in here. And so now they gotta, they gotta play. LeBron missed his fourth straight game, but Coach Reddick said Broad is ramping up towards a return. Probably they won't be back until the end of the week, but couldn't come at a better time. Right, because they they got, they had, they needed to stop the hemorrhaging today. Yeah, they were able to do that. But they're not outta the woods. 'cause I, if I'm not mistaken, they still got, they got the nuggets Denver up on the Yeah, they got the nuggets. They got San Antonio on the, I think they got San Antonio on the 17th.


That's tomorrow. Wait. Oh, I forgot. It's win. Wimy Wimy playing. Wimy not playing, Is he? Nah, nah. Wimy. Yeah. Win. He's out whim. He's done. Yeah, but I thought, I thought the Lakers played really good. They needed this type of game from Luca, Luca and Austin Reed. Basically they led the charge. Jackson Hay did a great job of rolling to the rim. That's what Luca wants. Luca wants a guy a big that's that's, that's agile. That's athletic. Right. He doesn't need to be the best shooter. Can you catch LOBs? How many LOBs did Luca throw him? How many LOBs did ar throw him? And that's what you need. That's what Hey, just run to the rims son. Yeah. Hey, well hey, when they come to doubling, which they're gonna do, And you did did, they did a lot of that late in the ball game to try to get the ball out of Luca's hands and rightfully so.


And Luca great awareness. Throw it up. Jackson Hayes brings it down, dunks it home. So I would've let, man, I just want LeBron to come back and, and, and not have any setbacks and see how this thing plays out for the, the final, You know, 17, 18 games of the regular season. But IIII, I liked the, I liked the way they played today. Got some great production. Gabe Vincent came, came in and gave, gave him some, some quality minutes. But they did a great job of, of, of K did not shoot the ball well from the floor book. Did not shoot the ball well from the floor. Bradley Bill did not shoot the ball well from the floor. Hell, I'm not so sure Bradley Bill even scored a point. Did, did Bradley bill even I'm serious.


Ocho Right. Did Bradley bill even score? If he did, he had minimal points. He had four points. Ocho see Yeah. I I I think they really, they got themselves, he's on one or two players that have a no trade. He and LeBron, they really want to get on. They wanna move on from Bradley Bill. So what? But he don't wanna go nowhere. It's a conversation. It's a conversation that needs to be had him asking them, asking him, is it someone you want to go where you would like to play? So when you I kinda like it here. The weather's nice, sunshine. Nah, there's no place I wanna go.


I, I, I don't think that's true on because he would, he would, he would put forth a little bit more effort. Especially when it comes to playing and being, contributing to them offensively. All I'm said, they offered him an opportunity. I get I I Where, where you want to go? I mean, you got, I mean, to go, I mean, the team's gotta want you. Right. You, you don't think, you don't think a team would want 'em. Yeah, but not the team that he potentially wants to go to. Oh, I see. I see what you mean. I see what you mean. Yes. Go Ocho This is where you do it. You need to be with the girl that likes you, not the girl that you like. Mm. You see, go to the team that wants you not to the team that where you want to go because the girl that likes you is going to treat you accordingly.


The girl that you like. Mm. Listen, I ain't gonna even go there. I we not gonna do that today or Cho, we are not gonna get into that. You, you, you ain't gotta do it today. You ain't gotta do don't come around to it. That's what you need to do. Yeah. And see that's the problem. He wants to go to a team That he want. Okay. Not the team that wants him. Hey. Using that analogy where people can better understand it. I like that. I like that. If you're saying Ocho, that's like, they say Ocho, you write that down.


Oh, hey. That, that's one I don't have to write down. I'm, I've always, I've always lived by that because You know, you, you give me, you give me your know you, you give me your your your new you. How do you say it? If you give me your, You know what to kiss. All right. Bet. Don't worry about it. Hey, they on one thing about it. The line, the line is very long. Yeah. Get me. The line is very long. Oh, Joe, sometimes you got oh, Joe with those Who, with those who actually will appreciate and, and, and love. Well You know what the, the, the dope clothes. Now O lemme ask you this. Yeah. When someone gives you your butt, their butt to kiss.


Hey Uncle, What did you do to make them pull their pants down and turn around and say, kiss my butt? Did you do anything Yeah. To facilitate that? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Most of the time. Well, how you gonna be mad? Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh. But Suge ain't mad. I ain't mad at all. No, but I'm saying how you gonna be upset talking about they give you a butt to kiss when it was you, had they ever given you their butt to kiss before? Oh, you talking in in general? Yes. I'm, I'm, I'm just speaking hypothetically. I'm saying In general. Oh yeah. Hypothetically speaking. Yeah. Always. We, we, we always, as, as individuals, we always do things to get people to that point where it's like, ah, You know what, man? Good fuck. And you done had to No, eh, it's it's life.


Huh? It's life. Okay. Yeah. But You know, it, I mean, it happens. Damn. It happens. Yeah. Yeah. But like, like you said, you always always choose who choose you Always. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, hey, get your little, get your hey uncle little reclamation project. Don't nobody wanna fix on one Cup. I would. I Hey, you, hey, I, I'm a reclamation project. Hey, I ain't a finished project. I'm a reclamation project. I mean, I need a, You know, I need a new roof. Hey, listen, we listen, we all a work in progress. You just have to find someone that's willing to work with you.


Everybody want to, everybody want to finished product. Ain't no such thing. Nope. There's no such thing as a finished product regardless to how it look. You know, it look good, look good on the outside. But it's a whole lot of work to get done on the ex, on the on, on the interior. Ain't there, ain't nothing wrong with that. You just gotta have the right person that is willing to help you, You know, get through that, that process. Yeah. Sometimes. Yeah. It is the outside. Sometimes you go inside, you look at it, man, that house And you go inside like, damn. Yeah man, this is, you did an unbelievable job. Yeah. Yeah. And sometimes it's women like that. Sometimes the prettiest women on the outside or the unst on the inside. Mm. And sometimes it's vice versa.


Right, Right. Yeah, I can, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't quite speak on that. Everyone has been, listen, everyone that has been a part of my life and any faceted way, shape, or form has been phenomenal. They, they've been phenomenal. You know, I-I-I-I-I can, I can, I can really say, I can really say they, they've been great in, in, in my growth as, as, as a man, as a, as a father. So I, I I, I like that. I haven't had, I haven't experienced what you just said in, in that sense. But that, that's, that's a good one. I haven't had the experience, so I I've been lucky.


I still got some work to do though. Yeah. The Mavs are at risk of forfeiting games if they fall below the minimum, eight players active required for teams to play. ESPN, Bobby Marks Dallas provided an update on Anthony Davis Left Abductor Strain. Derek Live ii right. Ankle stress fracture. Daniel Gaffer right knee sprain stating all three are improving. However, there is no timetable on any of their returns. Jayden Hardy, right. Ankle sprain. Kai Jones Quad haven't played since March 3rd. PJ Washington. Right. Ankle sprain has been out since March 1st. But now it leaves Brandon Williams, Dwight Powell, clay Thompson, Najee Marshall, Caleb, Martin Max, Christie, Spencer Denwitty, Kessler Edwards as the Lone Healthy Players.


Eight total. Nobody else can get injured, don't you? Nah, they can't, they can't listen. Hey, why would they, why would they penalize the team? Because people are hurt. I, I don't, I don't wanna stand Do they think they faking or something? Just to make sure you don't, the same way you talking about why team, why team don't wanna win games, to try to tank and try to get the number one pick to get more ping pong balls. I thought you played the game to win. Well, listen, we, we, we know they're not doing that The same way, the same way y'all, the same way teams used to put players on IRR to hide them because the guys, because if you release them, somebody might get 'em. So we put 'em on ir. Right.


Okay. Man. You know, anytime there's, anytime, look, people gonna find a way to skirt the system no matter what system is in place. You know what, I got bad credit. I'm gonna put my, I'm gonna put the, I'm gonna put the phone in my kid name. You see, I remember them days because that show had a washer and dry in my name and I was only two classic There had O Joe. Yeah. There has reportedly been quite the vibe shift for wide receiver Garrett Wilson after the New York Jets moved on from Aaron Rogers and added Justin Fields this off season. Yeah. Wilson has told friends he's thrilled with the addition of Fields.


ESPN's, rich Samini wrote Sunday. It's no secret that he and Rogers didn't see eye to eye last season, but now he has, now he has a quarterback. He knows and respects there. They're, they've maintained a good relationship. Another reason Wilson said to be excited about 2025 in December, the NFL networks, Ian Rappaport reported all is not well with Rogers and Wilson and added that privately. There have been questions regarding whether Rogers and or Wilson can find common ground since they had a blow up during training camp. Which I tried to tell Ocho Yeah, you did. And Ocho said, don't worry about that. Yeah. I, I didn't, I didn't think it would be anything bad because I've had those same kind of talks with John Kitten.


I've had those same talks with Carson Palmer, but Not every day. Oh, not every day. I thought, I thought it was just that one clip. I'm Not sure. No. You thought him talking every, every day. Yeah. Most, most of the time. I think they weren't able to get on the same page. Aaron Rogers wanted things done a certain way and Garry Wilson was kind of, kind of complaining, whatever it may have been, it didn't work out. I liked the fact that he liked that he had Justin Fields, and I know one thing, God damn Fields gonna get that ball to, to Brother Wilson. He gonna, he gonna feed it to him and they gonna find ways to get him back where he was his rookie season. Yeah. Where he was very productive because after this season, hey, they gotta come, they gotta come see, they gotta come see five with that bag now.


Yeah. They got to come see five with that bag. He's the top 10 receiver in the NFL right now. He didn't look like it from a productive standpoint last year because the offense was in disarray. But he gonna get back to that. This is Justin Fields year too. Justin Fields can make himself some good money. You know, if he have a good season, huh? They'll redo. Yeah, absolutely. If he, if he have himself a good season and they'd be like, You know what, this is the quarterback of the future for us. And he play, play how I think he should play, play now that you have nothing to worry about behind you, you ain't gotta worry about nobody's taking your spot. Yeah. All you have to do is just play football freely and just focus. This is your team. This could be your team.


They can hand you the keys. O Joe, I just found the odd that Garrett Wilson was offensive rookie of the year. Yeah. And looked better with Zack Wilson and those guys than he did with Aaron Rogers. Yeah. Wait, I just found it odd. Wait, Wait, wait. Who, what, what quarterback Who we look who We look? Zack Wilson. I think he had Joe Flaco. We let Mike White, I think, I think he, he had a couple of different quarterbacks. Zach Wilson and the guy was Office Rookie of the Year. O Joe, Zach Wilson. That was the guy. Yeah. Okay. So look, and sometimes, like you said, Rogers was used to doing some things a certain way and, and that way, You know, at the end of the day, we got to get a, we look, we're trying, if we're trying to do the same thing, they have to be a give and take.


Right. Okay. I understand that you, but I can't do everything that you want. I need you to meet me. Can we, can we meet in the middle somewhere Halfway? You gotta Be Can can we meet in the middle? You gotta be on the same page, huh? Yeah, you gotta be, I'm not saying, look, I'm not saying I can't, I'm not saying that we can't go to brunch, but can we not? Do we have to go to brunch every Sunday of every month of every week? Can we like, just stay home and can I watch the games? Yeah. I, I mean, there has to be a happy medium somewhere. Ocho I understand who you are, but understand that. Look, I, and am I as accomplished as You Know? No. In order for Us work.


Don't think I'm not fair to cheat. I'm not fair to cheat around this more. Come On now. Yeah, you right. You right. You gotta be on the same page.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum doors. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Montey Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday and regular on time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network. ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Bill Belichick girlfriend released some photos of the two-door Ariel Yoga at the beach Ocho, check these photos out. Oh, that. Oh, that's live. Go ahead. Cold Belichick that damn bad, Ocho That what I'm looking for. Hey, I wanna know who are they wanna be doing like that right there. I don't wanna do it right there. Just like that. Right, right there. Like those that look like some circle so late. Yeah. I like, I like that. That's dope. That's dope. Listen, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to let y'all push my my hips, man. I gotta be careful now. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? You can't, you can't do that. You hip bad. Hold on. There ain't nothing wrong to hip. Hey, what is this called? Air? Air what? Aerial yoga. Oh, aerial yoga. Okay.


I wonder. They, I wonder if they got classes like that. I think, I think I should start doing yoga and Pilates. I used to love, yo, I I, when I played, I did. I I did it up until like, probably like three years after I retired, I stopped playing. So probably like 2007 was the last time I did it. I gotta try that. I got, I just have a hard, I I have a hard time sitting still unless it's video games. Oh. Watching the movie. I can't sit there for hours, not doing nothing. Yeah, well see that's, that's, that's how I was ocho when I played. I understood because okay, I gotta get flexibility. Right. I gotta, You know, get my core, blah, blah, blah. But once I was done, I'd be thinking like 15 minutes into the class, I'd be like, man, what your, what you doing?


But I used to, I, I used to take yoga, You know, like I said, I could do split front to back. Now I can't take the chance of my hip popping out. That's the last thing I'm gonna have happen. I ain't trying to get no more surgeries. I've done, I ain't tried. Hey, I ain't trying to do the rehab. The surgery wasn't that bad. Right. Because once I got that arthritic bone out of that, that ball and socket outta the ocho, It Was good. The only thing I felt was the incision, the incision was stored for a couple of, You know, they have those, the, the stitches that dissolve. Mm. And they, they, they kept, no, they didn't. They, they, it was glue. They glued it. But anyway, it wasn't, it wasn't that bad. But I ain't trying to go through that process again because I'm happy with Coach Belichick.


I, Hey coach, congrats man. Hey, You know, find him. Somebody let, because y'all quick because we, once y'all got in common, why you, why you care? Yeah. You gotta you gotta find, you gotta find your person. Yeah. You gotta find your person. Hey, hey Cole Billinger Cole Billinger older than me and he got him a 20 something. Yeah. But they get mad at me and they, I say I like 35, 33. They get all upset. They get hostile. Yeah. But mom, you gotta understand your, your set of rules and bill's set of rules are completely different. You know, I don't, I don't think a 30 or 35 or 20, 20 something older, twenties or thirties or 35 would be good for you.


Are suitable for you because the rules that you have in place. I ain't got no Ocho Ocho. So to tell me for a chance for you gonna drive around a a a a color. You gonna drive around a G wagon, you gonna carry Birkins. And you say, all I ask don't burp in front of me. Don't pass gas in front of me. And that's gonna, that's, that's gonna be a deterrent. You right. Ocho you absolutely right. Hold on, hold On, hold on, hold on. There. There are a lot of other things that you, okay, okay. Okay. You know what, I'm with you when you're right. I really can't argue with that. I can't, I just saying joke. I can't listen. I can't, I can't argue. I'm asking you to wait, wait, listens. Let's get back to the, let's keep the main thing, the main thing. Okay. Well, you buying gwas, you I I I'm just saying, just, I'm just asking.


No, no, I'm, I'm asking. But if you're using it as an example, let me know because I got some, some, some, some, some people for you. You know, if you buying gwas and Birkins and, and stuff like that, You know, I got, I got a few, You know, potentials for you. No. Everybody always talk about date. Date your age. Date your age. Well, I wanna date my wage. I'm shit, all this is down tonight. Hold, hold on. I wanna date my wage. Stay right there. Stay. Right. So where, where y'all at? Hey Chad, where they at? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Because You know I keep it on. I keep it on me now. Yeah, I keep it on me. You wanna date your what?


I wanna date my wage not my age. I wanna date my wage. So what are they? Because y'all always talking about date, your age. Date your age. I wanna date my wage. So come on with it. Hey, well you Talking, I'm, as a matter of fact, I'm taking applicants as we speak. Well, you talking spicy tonight, boy. Well, you talking spicy. Date my wage. I'm fucking two. What? You Pay your own. Now all of a sudden y'all quiet women. Y'all ain't got nothing to Say. I'm finna date my wage. Ooh, that's a good one. Boy. That What I'm talking about. Let's go date my way. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna try. I'm Just trying. I I I've never understood how does OCHO is sometimes.


And, and it, it gets like this with, with a lot of time with jealousy. Yeah. It's almost like as my why, how does my light being bright? Right. Cast the darkness on you. It see what I got. So you feel because of my success, it delayed your success. I'm not gonna say you my success. You'll feel a failure. Does my success delay your success? Right? It does. No. So now let's go the other way.


If I date so you feel that, okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, o there's some little young lady out there that's 50. So you feel if I date a 30 5-year-old or a 40-year-old, you missed that opportunity. Oh, I'm just curious. Come on now. It's Sunday. It's Sunday. You might as well preach. Come on. I'm just asking. So let's just say for the sake of argument, when you are 50, when are you gonna be you, when are you and I gonna be in the same vicinity that you and I could potentially meet? Mm, I Don't bother nobody. I don't get upset.


You somebody and coach, like Coach Belichick. You make Joe Ocho. But I, I could care less Coach Belichick. 'cause they don't take nothing outta my pockets. Right. People that What if that was your daughter? My what? Y'all fail to realize my daughter is grown. Hell remember I told you when she was 17, I told her not to get a tattoo. She went and, and got it. How the hell you think I'm gonna tell somebody what to do? She is in her damn thirties now. Hey, she asked me. I'll advise, but at the end of the day, I want my daughter happy. So if some guy 50 years old makes my daughter happy, There it is. If somebody, if somebody 25 makes my daughter happy, at the end of the day, I want my kids happy.


Right. Damn. What did daddy think? Damn. What their mom think. If you happy, I'm happy. 'cause at the end of the day, all I want is my kids' happiness. So now back when y'all talk about my age, when y'all come into the table with that same wage scale, y'all don't wanna talk about that now. Oh, okay. Hey, are you, are you feeling good tonight? Huh? Nah. Nah. I, I I don't feel, no, I don't, I don't. You know me. I don't. I'm just trying to figure out, figure out what, who do, who was harmed in the, in, in the make in the Shannon going out to dinner or Shannon going to do this?


Who was harmed? Right? Nobody, nobody was, nobody was harmed. Nobody was harmed. I think, I think, You know, people have a, a difference in opinion. You know, you, you like what you like and I think people on the outside looking in, they had their perception on who you should be dating and that's just how they see. But what, what they feel you should be dating might not make you happy. Where was all that good advice Ocho? When I was struggling. Okay. Ain't nobody offered no advice when I was in that, when I was in that thousand Square in the block home. Okay, nice. When I was at Savannah State. Come on now. Hey, nobody had no advice. How does Shannon get out of this environment?


How does Shannon improve his family's life? Come on, mar the standard of living. Nobody offered a damn thing. Now all of a sudden y'all won't have input after I've made it here. You notice when people can become successful. Now you got all this advice you can offer. They, but you didn't offer a damn thing when I didn't have a damn thing. Now they got all the answers. Huh? Now they got all, they, they, they know what exactly to do. Now what if, if, if You know what to do, why you not doing it for yourself? Oh, if you could tell me how I became successful in what I did and who I need to date and what I need to do, why can't you do it for yourself? Well, you talking tonight and we, we the offering plate.


Put your cash up up there. I'm like, I'm like, well damn everybody, everybody got got, got, got. Gotta offer me advice. Mm. I I made it this far. Am I perfect? No, I never professed to be perfect. I try to live the best. I try to live the best I possibly can. I try to stay out of people's way. I just try to a circle my family. Hey, look, this is what we at, this is what we got. Boom. I'm like, bro, every time I turn around and women do tell you, You know you need somebody your age. No, I don't. What we gonna do? Go play bingo together. Oh, bingo.


Bingo. Oh bingo. Nice. Now that's a, that's a nice little date, man. I'm looking to go to top golf. You know what I'm saying? Don't Yo, You oh, you, you can't swing the club with your hip. I can't swing the club. Nah, you gonna pop, you gonna pop on? I popping, Man. I I can swing, I can swing on other club too. Dang. You got nothing do with me. Oh, lemme, lemme stop with yo, let me stop. O I'm stop. I'm sorry Chad. I'm sorry. It's Sunday. It Sunday do. It's Sunday. It's Sunday. You know what I'm saying? It's Sunday. That driver still work. Okay. Okay. I'm bitch, I don't use no iron. I'm with you. I'm with you when you Right. Oh yeah.


It's the Lord Day for about 15 more minutes. Man. I just playing man. I just, I just be buying. I just be minding my own business, man. I don't be bothering nobody because be check live your life. Hey, I just wanna know who, who gonna let me do some aerial yoga? I need, I need to do that too. Oh. Oh. Y'all was up by this age. Okay. Oh, Joe, the most expensive meat in The world. Age y goo $3,200 a pound.


Who finna buy that? Actually Steve, Steven a was supposed to buy that for me, but I let him, I let him out of the bed. Oh, You, oh, you let him, well why you let me slide on my bed? No, no, no, no, no. I gotta teach. I got, I gotta teach you a lesson. Come on, man. Well, I tell, I tell you what, make that joke. I'ma use, i'ma use your money and get you some of that. Right. That, that wagon up. No, you ain't, I ain't asked you to buy that. I don't want that. You don't want that. Oh, Okay. What's it called again? I don't, I don't, me, me personally, I don't like aged meat. I don't like aged meat. Right. It, the, the, the taste.


It, it doesn't work for me right now. Do I go occasionally, will I go get, You know, a five? Sure. Not often. I'm, I a filet or, or, or ribeye works gets fine from me. Right. I ain't trying to, You know, I ain't trying to impress nobody. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. See you go by that whole show. You try to impress somebody. Yeah. Ain't ain pound Ain't, Man. I wish I might That, that ain't me. Hell nah. Yeah, that's great. Marbling. I understand the, the, the process in which they get this. But nah bro, I can't. Hmm. I can't see, no, I can't see myself spending that kind of money. 3,200 for a pound or that's 16 ounces. That's crazy.


3,200. Man. Please. So lemme ask you. So, so what, so what? We ain't getting no sides. Ain't nobody get, we ain't drinking number water. No. Wait, listen, if you, if you, if you could spend 3,200 on that, you getting some sides, you getting more, you getting more than that. You probably, that's, that's probably a 10,000 bill. Man. Ain't got time Easy. I'm, I'm not sure who, there are people that live like that on, but It ain't me Uhuh it ain't me. I, I look, I, I, I ain't, I don't, I ain't buying all that stuff to like impress nobody see? Right. No Uhuh. Hey, because I, I've been to the restaurant. They got a thousand steak. I'm not paying no thousand dollars for no steak.


No, they, they didn't bring it elcho. They bring it out in the suitcase. Yeah, I've done that. I'm not, I'm not gonna sit here and lie. Shout out to Dave Gruman. I went to Poppy Steak. Poppy Steak with, with with my kids. I saw, You know what Elcho, I saw that. Yeah. Yeah. I, I did, I did that little presentation for the kids. They, they enjoyed it. Hey, that, that experience when they, when they bring the tomahawk steak out and the mu the, the lights go down in the entire restaurant and the music starts playing and all the guys come to the table and they, they doing a little chant the song. And it is a great experience at Poppy Steak when they do that. You know. So for the experience, $32, the light go down. Somebody need to lay down.


Oh, Did you drink water, man? Yeah, I know what you talking about. No joke, baby. What? You got your mind? Hey, well, 3,200 boy, man. Yeah, boy. It gotta listen, it gotta be something special come with that. And it Can't be, it can't be something. Oh, I about, I can buy a whole cow. Yeah. I can buy a whole cow. Right. I'm talking about everything. I get the cow, I get the oxtails, I can get the ribs, I get the show, I get everything. A whole cow Show can 32. That's a lock, bro. No, bro. That's A lot. No sir.


If, if, if that cost, so how much decides a hundred dollars for some mac and cheese? Man. Man, please. If you, you, you paying 30, 3200 for some Wagyu. You ain't eating no mac and cheese? I can't, but like I said, I mean to eat his own, I ain't got no problem. If somebody wanted to send that me, I'm not into the dry age meat. I don't know if you've ever had it on Joe, but it don't work for me. Dry. Who? Dry? Who have I had? What man? Dry age. Hang on. I don't know them. I don't know about that. Oh, Joe, check this out. Yeah, the new Air Max 1000 shoot is going viral. Check photos out of these. Oh, I, You know, I saw those earlier. They, they look dope. They look dope. They no laces, right?


Yeah. You slip, slip your feet in. They, they look, they look cool. They look cool. I like it. I I prefer black. I like, I like the loud color, but I prefer black. They look dope. I know my kid, my, my kid's gonna want 'em. They probably like three, $400. Nah, they can't be that much. Huh? Air Max. How much are they Ash? Maybe at least one 60. Maybe? Maybe 1 60, 1 50. Nah, I don't know. Ocho they look nice. You aware there? Mm. About one 60. I'm No, just gimme the, just go Ahead and gimme the regular Air Maxes, The 90 fives, 95.


The ones, yeah. 90 sevens. I mean, like I Said, the ones 90. Yeah. Any but that I, I I get it Ocho I get it. You know, technology and, You know, you wanna move it forward, but Right. I like that. Some, some Some things. You know, some Things is good in Its original form. Yeah. Yeah. But you got involved with the time though, huh? Yeah. You know, As long, as long as the one, as long as the old are still available. Yeah, I, I'm kind of going to, I'm gonna gravitate towards That. Well that, yeah, you right. History repeats itself for the, the younger generation. They would love that


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mdo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady J repeat winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save Orma, miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate. We're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, Ocho, now it's time for everybody's favorite. It's back y'all. It's time for Spello Cinco. Oh Hell. Oh hell. Alright. Ojo, here it is. I give you a word And you try to put that Harvard education to use. Yes sir. Our first word is conjecture. Conjecture. Conjecture. Conjecture. Conjecture. Con con conjecture. Conjecture. Conjecture. Alright. C-O-N-J-E-C-T-U-R-E. Conjecture. That is correct. Conjecture. Hey, that's what that Harvard education do, baby.


That's what I'm talking about. I had to think about it for a minute. I had to sound it out. You know, let's go, boy. This who we do, stop playing with Me. The next word is fallacious. Fallacious. Fallacious. Yes. It's incorrect or misleading information. File. File. Now I know by Philio, so file is file file. File file. Fish is spelled F-I-L-E-T. But I know it's not like that. F-I-L-A-F-I-L-A.


Oh, that's, ooh. That that the, the back end of that is killing me. Fallacious. Say it one more time. Huh? Fallacious. Yeah, they, you got me F-I-L-A-S-I-I mean S-C-I-O-U-S. I don't got that one. F-A-L-L-A-C-I-O-U-S. Fallacious. How far Was that? The next word? Deleterious. The next word is deleterious. Deleterious. Yes. Della Terra. Della Della.


D-D-E-L-A. Terra ter. T-E-R-I-O-U-S-D-E-L-E-T-E-R-I-O-U-S. Deleterious. Right. I missed it about one letter, huh? Sure. Dang. The next word. Superfluous. The next word is superfluous. Superfluous. Yes. Superfluous.


S-U-P-E-R-F-O-L-U-S-S-U-P-E-R-F-L-U-O-U-S. God. Doggett. Man. What is going on tonight? The last word is hti. Who? Hti. Hti. Hti? Yes. Like, like a hottie, like HO having double TIE ha. Is that your final answer? No, I'm asking, I'm asking you to gimme the Okay. Having or sure. An arrogant superiority to d to and disdain. Of those who? One views as unworthy hotty, Hotty.


Hotty. I don't, I I ain't never heard of that word before. And it sound like you just saying like somebody's arrogant, cocky, Yes. Hotty. I was trying to give hotty hotty Hotty or hotty Hotty. HO double T-I-N-H-A-U-G-H-T-Y. Hotty Come. I'm supposed to know. Come on man. Okay. That ain't, that ain't make no sense. Che. I apologize. And listen, I only, I jack it off. I just got off the plane. You Got one more? I'll get a chance to do one more redeem yourself.


Okay, one More. One more, one more, one more. Pernicious, pernicious, pernicious. Hey, if these words with these words, boy, if, if it was a life or death situation, boy, you might well play in my funeral.


You wanna give it a crack? Oh, you want me to spell crack? Okay. You wanna give it a, you wanna give it a swirl? Okay. All right, hold on. I'm gonna get this right. I don't care. I promise you. Say the word one more time. Pernicious. Pernicious. Pernicious. Per PER Nic. N-I-S-C-I-O-U-S-P-E-R-N.


I see. IOUS pernicious. I shouldn't have put that S in there. No, you shouldn't have. Okay. I was, I was close. See what happened when I lock in, even though I got it wrong, I was right there. Damn it. Yes. All right, Ocho, now it's time for Dunk on Unc. Oh yeah. This is a chat. Okay. This is not Oh, oh, a, a, a, a. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Okay. We have Dunk on Unc tonight, right? But this is a different, this is a different type of Dunk on Unc. It's griddle edition. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say something and I'm gonna ask you what am I based on what I say.


Okay. Alright, Chad, y'all ready? Let's go. How many I got, right? One. One. Okay. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. I just, I had jet lag. I took it off a flight three hours ago. That's all it was. That's all it was. That's It? Yeah. That's it. All right, Here we go. You ready? Yeah. The more you take, the more you leave behind, the more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I The more you take? I have no idea The word.


Are you sure? Yes. The answer. And the word you're looking for is footsteps. Hey, that ain't no trips. Hey listen, These are riddles. Hey, What happened to sporting a trivia, Lord? Nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah. We, we changed it up tonight. You changed. We Changed. I didn't change your words Up. Hey, shit, boy, I, I didn't ask you, I didn't ask you geography. Listen, You asked me a bunch of words I could spell. It's still spelling It's, it is dunk on Uncle Riddle edition. Go ahead. You supposed to be well versed in all areas in fast life. No, No, no. I'm well versed in trivia.


Okay? This is this. This ain't no trivia. This is trivia. Be the riles. I didn't say nothing about ri riddles. Go ahead. Here we go. Here we go. I have keys, but open no locks. I have space, but no room. You can enter but not go outside. What am I? Shit. I don't know A keyboard. Unc, Go to the next one. God. These are so easy.


The person who makes it sells it. The person who buys it never uses it. The person who uses it never knows they're using it. What is it? I have no idea. I call a coffin. Go ahead to the next one. Well, I'm winning. I'm winning tonight. I'm winning the fight. Yeah. Okay. This is a, Hey Chad, this is Ash. She got tired of me winning it. She couldn't stump me. So she came up with a riddle of the deal. Nah, this, this Is good. These are really easy. I bet the chat getting them right. Hey Chad, I bet the chat is not getting them right. All right, I bet the Chad get this one.


Listen real close. I speak without a mouth and I hear without ears. I have no body, but I come alive with wind. Here are key words right there. I come alive with wind. I have no idea. Where am I? What are you? I'm an echo. Next one. Okay. Okay. Not. Oh, if you don't get this one, if you don't get this one, the more you remove from me, the bigger I get. What am I? I have no idea.


A ho Man. This is ridiculous. Hey Chad, you feel they gotta cheat to beat me? They gotta cheat. They can't come up with sporting events. Be baseball, be football, be basketball, be track and field. Now we got March Madness. Now the ideal situation would've been March Madness, don't you think? Who won the final four this year? Who did this shit? Come up with some. Hey, I like it. This is awesome. Okay, so this is what we gonna do. Okay? Since this gonna do this, this, This is awesome. Oh, Okay. What we gonna do? I'm gonna come up. We gonna, I'm telling you.


Right on Sunday, Monday, tomorrow is going to be geography. You are gonna have to fail. Oh. Oh listen, they used to call me. Where's Waldo? In high school. Okay, Where's Waldo? Hey, you coming up with geography is right up my alley. What are you talking about? Hey. Hey. I don't know who was here when we had the Olympics and we had them to try to find the places. Yeah. On the globe. I did. I did good. I did good. I hadn't seen the globe. You gotta remember, I hadn't seen the globe since 19, 19 83. So you think that's what I'm doing at home? Spinning the globe. You still got one more? What? I got One more ahead. I bet. I bet the chat get it right, But chat ain't got none of them, right?


Yeah, They did. I bet. They get this one. Chad, listen to very close. Listen to the context clues so you can hear the answer. I fly without wings. I cry without eyes. Wherever I go, darkness follows me. What am I A weeping Willow? No, a cloud. Hold on. Mercy.


But hey, Jordan, don't, Hey, you see how you, what happened when you win all the time, people get tired of you winning. I now I know what the Patriots in Kansas City went through. No, that's not what it is. It just, the people wanted to see something a little different. Hold. No. So why you get fellow sink or if they wanna see something different Because you're giving me difficult words that I really can't spell. So that's the difference. You Was saying you the spelling bee champ. I said I'm the trivia. I went on Jeopardy and won trivia, But I won, I won a spelling bee. Okay. You just spell the words you talking about. You can beat those kids. Smelling those words. I I can, it just, it's been a long time. I'm a little Rusty. First of all, I guarantee you, any kid gonna spell all these words that I've been giving you?


Every last one of them. Hey, do you see The words that they'd be spelling? Yeah. That they used to be Me. I words I they be spelling words. I ain't never heard of them. For the most part I've heard of these words. Ocho, you have too. Maybe, maybe not recently, but do No, no, no. Not none of these, none of those words. You said tonight. I heard You ain't murder deleterious. Who Deleterious wasn't The last time you deleterious in the sentence. Now come on. I ain't used it as since, but I've heard It. I mean, yeah, I've heard it, but I don't use it. Use it. That's all I need. I I've never, I've never used it. Most of the words I spell I can spell are things that I use on a day, A daily basis. Cat, dog, airplane, hotel.


Yeah. Beach. Gimme some of those. Nah, da da da. We'll give you some names. You wanna spell names? Okay, now we talking and nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing. Creole. You don Want names Or not? Nothing Creole and nothing Greek. You want names or not? Yeah. Not, yeah. I got you. Tomorrow. Yeah. Names, we'll do names. Alright, it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for Q. Hey. Hey Boy. That was funny.


Ashburn said you could have Jeff Hardy. You can have Steve Harvey. You can throw a party. Lakers in five. Five. Big Mike says, oh, thanks for stopping by Maryland. It was great. And Lakers in five. Mike it big. It was great for you guys. Thank you guys for showing up and showing out. Oh, if even Steven, oh, if you will be in San Antonio, final four, please drop by black owned Route 87 liquors where your cognac is carried. We will be very happy to see you. We're on the east side, not far from the dome. Hey. Hey Steven. Steven. Is Lulu still open?


They got those two pound, two or three pound cinnamon rolls. They open. You talking about Cinnabon? Nah, they got, they this place called Lulu's. They got cinnamon rolls. They're like two to three pounds. And they got, they got, yeah, no, the thing this big, that Big, yeah. Lulus. Yes. I ain't never, I ain't never tried. Where is that again? And It, it's a Lulus, it's a, it was a place in, in San Antonio. Okay. Okay. I don't know if it's still open. Anybody, anybody from Doctor? Yeah. Yeah. George City is still open and they got a, a chicken fried chicken.


Chicken Fried chicken fried. The bigger the plate, bigger the plate. Ocho is hanging off the plate. How? I don't know what it did. I don't know where that chicken come from or the steak. They closed in 2021. Actually. Damn. I would, I, the, on the Army, all American game was held there. And so every time that I went, I went, I went there. Okay. Damn. See I was gonna go, I was gonna go back. We show, I was gonna show up to the national championship game to go to Lulu's. Yeah, but they done closed it. Trudy Lawrence says, Hey, ain't gonna get no show. I grew up in North Trump, North Carolina and in high school, no work got done because the teachers brought in tv, TVs to class and we watched games for March Madness.


Well, I was done outta school before March. Madness got as big as it was. I mean obviously, You know, 79 was when it like took off with Bird and Magic. The first one I remember probably like 77, I think Marquette ended up beating North Carolina. Then 78 Kentucky won. And obviously 79 Magic Bird won. And then 80 with Louisville. 81 was Indiana, 82 was Carolina 83 was NC State. 84 with Georgetown. 85 was Villanova. 86 with Louisville. 87 was Syracuse. 88 was Danny in the miracles.


89 was Michigan, 90 was UNLV. 91 was 91, 92 was That's what I Know on Joe. What This is. This is this. But this is what the people wanna see. Unc this is what you don't understand when the people watch the show. We know, You know trivia, we know, You know sports, we know that we wanna see you vulnerable. We wanna see you uncomfortable. Oh, Joe, This was the fight. This was March madness. Yeah, but You know, understand that unc people wanna see you uncomfortable and vulnerable in a space you're not used to. I don't do riddles. I don't sit right. Like, let me see that A that that's the, that's the good thing. That's what people wanna see.


We know, You know, sports, we know you're gonna get all that. Right. Let's see 'em in, in a, in a different atmosphere, in a different climate where you are not well versed in a certain thing. Let's see how he operates. You know, it's okay. Yeah, Yeah. You know. No, but I, we didn't, we definitely wasn't watching no, watching no sports in in, in high school.


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda bti. So if you want to keep up with us and here is App. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dr. Frankie MB Bellamy. Hey fam. Who's the best college basketball coach ever? Coach K John Wooden or someone else? What's a very short list? You got Coach K, you got Coach Wooden, you got Coach Knight. You got Coach Ru, coach Smith. Who you got? Who You got? How do you, how do you argue with someone that won 10 national championship that won seven in a row. Dang. And he won a lot of those when freshmen couldn't play. I would say Coach Wooden.


Coach K. That would be my one. Two. Who you got? I was gonna say Mr. Wooden. Mr. Wooden. You can't argue with that. Resume speaks for itself. It absolutely does. Scooty puff, congratulations to T and Jamar get their bag. We let some excellent players walk in the past. I'm glad we decided to do right by t By t who they, yep, you have. But I think the thing is, is that what Coach Mike, what coach what Mike Brown is seeing that these opportunities don't come to alone. You gotta seize the moment. You got a quarterback that's in his prime. You got a great opportunity.


'cause You know the barren waist, which was Cincinnati and no playoffs, OCHO losing first round draft number one, overall pick after number one overall pick. Come on bro. Yeah. Enough of that. Enough of that now it's that. It is time. You have an opportunity to win to give the people something to like, to hold onto. Yeah. These people have been cheering for you for a long, long time. Yeah. And they haven't had a whole lot to show. Yeah. You went to the, the what? 80? What were was that 80, 88. 88 or 89? 80 were 88. I think they went in like 82 because they played in Detroit with Ken Anderson.


They, they ended up losing to a, they They ended up losing to San Fran. Mm. But you got an opportunity here. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta seize this moment. Ocho. Yeah. Pul again said Uncle Ocho two weeks ago at Christ the Redeemer. I pray for both of you. T and Jamar for help. Wealth and success. Look at everyone winning. Blessed and thriving. Who they scooty Puff. Thank you so much, bro. I appreciate that. Appreciate that. SLU Junior said, older women always shame men for dating younger women when they dated older men when they were growing when they were young. Oh, true.


Uhoh. True. Uhoh true. Oh, moving forward. I'm dating a, I'm dating for a wage. Is it wage not age. I like that. Yep. Alan Fletcher up on X game mode tonight. Kirby Asian dog. You talking about stake of women with age meat. There you go. Ocho say he like his little age with a little seasoning. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. More definitely a dab Smith said, I understand your preface and age.


I'm young. I'm, I'm a young buck and I want, I want that old gravy older. The berry, the sweet of the juice. Ocho say the sweet of the juice. The older the berry. Look for me. Whatever. You like Ocho. I'm not, look, so many people died so we could have the rights to, to kind of go where we want to go and do what we want to do. Right? But now all of a sudden they want to be able to tell you, well you should do this, you should do that. Why? That's what you wanna do. Right. Why do I, why don't I get a preface on what I wanna do? I wanna Do. Yeah, I like that. I like That. So do I get to tell you where you should work?


Do I get to tell you what type of car you should drive? Where you should live? Oh, but y'all feel like, y'all feel like y'all should be able to tell me what I should date, who I should date. Nah, I'm good. A Gaetan said good show Nightcap. Speaking of dating, how do you handle being number two and how did you go about it? Number what? Who, what? Whoa, whoa, whoa. Man. You got the easy job. Yeah. Bring that, bring that back in. He says, how did, how did you handle being number two and how did you go about it? Shoot, I man, listen, number two is the number, number, nevermind. Let me stop. I'm gonna let you answer that. I'm, I mean, what you mean, don't you?


I answer that. I think I been number two. Huh? I section number one. Number one. Number one. Hey, listen, I can't be number two. Number two, number two, Bobby, you look, look, everything. If she tells you from the beginning, you have to make a decision. Maybe that's what you into May. Okay? I got somebody. Okay? We do what we do. Boom. Now she doesn't tell you she have, she has somebody you find out she has somebody she doesn't want to leave. Said individual. Now you got a decision to make.


Do you want to continue this or do you say, nah, this, hey, this gonna be a problem for somebody and I don't want to be a problem for me. That's it. Don't y'all mean why me? I don't really know what he want us to tell him. I Don't listen to, Do You know, do you not want to be number two or you want to be number one man? Because that, I mean, that would gimme an indication of how I can better explain what's going on. Are you, do you, are you not okay with being number two? You wanna be number one? You find out did you were number two, you thought you Hold, definitely timeout. If he number two, he definitely don't need to graduate to number one. 'cause if you graduate number one, then there'll be a number two that's gonna replace you.


Keep the position you in, enjoy yourself. Number one. Gotta deal with the headache, number one. Gotta pay the bills. Number one, gotta do all the motherfucking book. You know what? And you just get to sit back and relax. It might be, And you, And you get the better version of her anyway. But what if it's a situation where, You know, her family dynamic won't allow you to be number one. Okay. Hey, I am, listen, I, it is, it is hard for me to, I, I just, man, listen, I'm I days long gone for me, man, them days long gone. So it's hard for me to even answer.


See, because see, here's the thing on Joe, I ain't, you see, you can be, you can not be number one, but be a favorite. Ugh. And most of the time, most of the time, her favorite is the person that's not good for the favorite is always the fun guy. The number one moment is the safe person. The safe person. The one you take home to your mama, your favorite is the one your mama said. Well, baby, don't you bring him home here. He ain't no good for you. She thinks something about me. Ocho, come on now because she put me on the team. Yeah, I'm on the team Ocho no matter what, Ron, I got drafted in. I don't care if I'm number one or I'm number 46.


And Listen, I'm On the team Mocho. That's all that Listen, sometimes that's all that matter. Huh? Which means I'm gonna get in the game. All you gotta do is wait, wait on the call. She gonna sub you in at some point. All you gotta do is wait. Dwight Williams said, do you guys think Chris Brown will ever get an opportunity to do the half Super Bowl? Halftime show Ojo. Oh man. Listen, from, from a, from a, a performance. Man, that thing will be crazy, crazy From a performing standpoint. Hey, he'd be, he'd be phenomenal. He'd be phenomenal. He's one of, he's one of the best in The world.


It's only, it's only maybe three or four of them with the stage presence that can command the tension Perform. No. What we saying though, Joe? We said performing. Performing. Yeah. Beyonce Now Don't, that's not to say that he, he could, oh, he can do it all Beyonce because he can sing, he can dance. Beyonce, Bruno Mars, Chris Brown. I'm thinking of Usher. Usher. I'm talking about performers. Like, I don't care what you doing. Oh, so andSo got the halftime show. You know what, I don't care. I gotta watch, I gotta watch. I gotta put it down. I don't care what I'm doing. I gotta watch because ain't no telling what they finna do.


He'd be, he be beep. He'd be really dope. He'd be really dope. I can imagine. J 2 1 3. Hey Uncle Ojo. Hope y'all had a blessed weekend. My question for you all, would you rather get kicked by a horse, punch by a silverback, scratch by a bear, or kick by a kangaroo? Kick by a kangaroo. Because that, that's, that, that's gonna hurt the least outta outta everything you just said. I mean, all of 'em could potentially kill you. I'll take the kangaroo horse gonna break something gorilla. You dead. That's, that's too much power.


And what was the Question? Yeah, because they have the, they have the strength of eight to 10 Men. Exactly. I don't want no part of that. A bear it, it all because the bear do this. Yeah, But you done, He gonna open you up like a right Miller open, wide Open. I'm, I'm good. Kick by kangaroo. I take that. Oh, You know they stand on that tail. Let me, they don't kick with one foot. They cook With both of 'em. It's a lot. It's A, yeah, they listen, It's a lot of power behind it. But I, I could withstand that. I can deal with that. I can deal everything. Them other three. I don't want no part of that. Yeah, I do wanna go to the Congo. I wanna see, I wanna see, I wanna take a, go to the, the Barga Mountains And, and do what In Rwanda?


And see the silverback. See 'em Trek. Okay. All right. Now that's something I do too. You wanna Go, you wanna go to the Barga Mountains? You messing around and get me out there? Man, I get to run wild out there with em damn Gorilla, man. Nah, I, I don't know Ocho they might come up there and say, Hey, that's a homeboy, that's Shark. That's a homeboy. They, they might, Hey, oh man, Sean, where you been? Man, I'm killing the man. You know? Hey, nah, I'm good. That would be a good one. Only gotta trade a trip, Don O Joe. We gotta take a trip. I'm ready. I mean, we, we gonna be going.


Listen, we, we skipping trips first. We was supposed to hit the Dr. What happened? Ocho, come on Ocho. It's One trip at a time. You gotta make up your mind. Where we going? O not and not Dr. Anguilla. Costa Rica. Huh? Costa Rica? Yeah. Costa Rica. Beautiful. Damn Costa Rica. You Ain't never been to Costa Rica? I ain't going, we ain't trying to see no way. See Costa Rica. I ain't trying to see no, What, what Whatcha gonna try to do it a vacation?


Well, I tell you what we going, I tell you what, we gonna put it to the chat. We gonna put up four destinations where we should go, and then we gonna let the chat decide. How about that? I, I'm, I'm surprised you don't know about Costa Rica, but, okay. No, let me guess. You want time to go too, huh? Yeah, He going with us. Whatcha talking about? I already know. This is a bad idea, Chad. I know. It is a great idea. It's a bad idea. Chad. I just want y'all to know Chad, I don't really want to go, I don't want to go. I don't want To go. We go. I don't want to go.


Oh Lord, at Mercy of all the things we could do, man, Ocho, the last time I went on vacation, I went on vacation. I came back on probation and I wasn't there for three days. You ain't gonna be on probation. Not with me. I don't play that. You know when I'm, when I, I just said last time I went on vacation, I came back on probation. You won. You'll be all right. You're right. There's one thing about it. I'm gonna keep you in line. I'm gonna keep you in line. You good? Because I don't drink. I'm a designated driver. There ain't gonna be no problem. Ain't gonna be no issues. You good? Alright. Alright. We got some time to plan, but we gonna give up four. We gonna give up four we places.


Yeah. I'm ready.


Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for supporting Nightcap, UNC, and Ocho. So hard, so faithfully. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. I am your favorite, UNC Shannon Sharp. Number 85, the binger legend. The Ring of Famer. The honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. Got great news, t Higgins, Jamar, chase, I will be back in Cincinnati. Oh, please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. Thank you Hartford, Connecticut, Miami, Houston, Maryland.


Thank you guys for showing up and supporting. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock and if you can't find it any city or state near you, make sure you order it online. We'll ship it directly to you and you'll have it in no time. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of it platforms. Shesha Media, my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirt and hat bundle. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited. Once they're gone, they're gone. Selection. Sunday Carolina was a called uproar because they made the field with only one really quality win.


Auburn is the number one seed in the south. Duke is the number one seed in the East. Houston is the number one seed in the Midwest and Florida is the number one seed in the west for the women. And the SEC got a record. 14 teams in the championship for the women. UCLA is the number one seed. South Carolina USC and who's the other one? Texas. Texas, yes.


Are the four top women's seed. So CL a's South Carolina, Southern ca, and Texas. Lady Longhorns are the four number one seeds in the west in the, excuse me, in the women's bracket. And the Lakers finally stopped. The BRE bleeding stopped. The poor game, losing skid all on the road. They came home today and they beat the Phoenix Suns. I'm Unc. He's Ocho will see you tomorrow. Thanks for joining us Manna. The Volume


famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or Big Win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.