
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, One of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit rocket.com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


The Volume.


Who scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms, and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Hello, it's your favorite on Shannon Sharp. And I'm a role sponsor. I'm also a customer. Women can sense confidence in how sexy they think that is. Therefore, worrying about your erection can affect your swag in the bedroom. Spontaneous sex can be hot and exciting. Men, you can feel like a superhero when you get hard fast. In those situations, Rose Sparks are two in one prescription treatment for stronger, harder erection. They hit the bloodstream faster because they dissolve under the tongue and getting harder. Faster means having more sex after they dissolve. They work in about 15 minutes on average. Ro Spark stays active in your system up to 36 hours. So you can go back to back to back three repeat round after round. Be ready in the morning. RO connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online so there's no awkward conversation with in-person providers. If approved treatment ships directly to your door. If prescribed new sexual health patients gets $15 off role sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider@ro.co slash Nightcap to find out if a prescription role sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/ Nightcap for $15 off your first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews for full safety information. Go to roll do co slash safety info.


T Higgins posts cryptic message ahead of her agency. He took the Instagram and posted an image of him saying, priorities are rare. Auctions are everywhere. The caption five just out here working ocho. If you're the Bengals, what do you do? Reports came out that the Bengals have only four staff members working in the scouting department. The fewest in the entire league. I don't know. I told you how I feel. I told you how I feel. You know, I I I understand what the fans want. You know, the fans always are gonna be loyal to their team and always wanting the player to play.


I love TT is deserving of, of what he su get. I know t is gonna say all the right things. Joe Burrow's gonna say all the right things publicly. Jamar Chase, he's gonna say all the right things publicly. Joe Burrow's not taking less. He didn't take less when it was time to get paid. Jamar Chase ain't giving you the hometown discount. He's gonna get the money that he deserves and it's warranted. But that's the thing. Ocho you notice that? Lemme finish now. Them quarterbacks. Yeah. I mean it's, I don't got no problem if that's what you wanna do. Right, but why do they always expect us to get, why do do and fans? I don't, why do fans expect millionaires to give billionaires a discount?


Y'all always talk about all the wealthy one. These guys are super, I mean, whatever the riches player, whoever has made the most money as an NFL player, it's not even a 10th. Not Even close of what? The owners Not even close. I that's, that's what I don't get. Ocho Yeah. And the, and the players and, and what the team will do, they'll frame it well, he wouldn't give us a discount. So he's not, he is not a team player. They don't want win. Not one, not in the NFL. Not one of them gave these networks a discount. Oh no. At all. I just listen. I want TD G what he deserves. Huh?


Absolutely. I want it. And listen, if you hit the market, not only is he gonna get more than what, more Than t hit the market. He ain't coming back. They better get something done. They better get something done in the first. They better have. Because you know, you have that ocho you have that, what'd they call it? That period where they could, I forget the name of it, where you can talk to guys. Right? It's, I forget what that negotiating witness's called. But anyway, they better do something. 'cause if he, if he visits another team, he ain't leaving the building. Hey, you know what they finna offer that, you know what they finna offer? Young bull man, you know, they overpaid me. You hit the market. Right? Absolutely. Because I got you.


'cause I gotta get you outta that situation. Why would you leave for e profitable money? Unless it's really bad. Maybe you just wanna be out before the most part. They overpaid because they really want you, you outta that situation. You gotta uproot your family. You gotta put kids in school. If you don't have, even if you don't have kids, you know your family. They're used to being in that area. 'cause you've been there for at least a minimum of three to five years. This is the funny thing. Tampering. Yeah, the tampering. So you got that tampering window ocho, when you can have conversations. If I'm the Bengals, if I want him, I got a tamper early and often. It's the funny thing though. Even if they do overpay, if he does hit the market, it really wouldn't be overpaying. You paying for exactly what you get. Every penny he worth every last penny.


Every last penny. And he deserves it. You know, I I I talked about plan childhood dreams finally making it, you know, I know you want the band to stick together. I know you want the band to stick together, but why? You got to be the one to take less? You, you are just as deserving as everybody else. Why you got to be the one to, you know what? I'm gonna be the man ain't ain't none of that man. Nah, Nah, I want to big for this time around, don't you? I want a big piece of chicken. Oh Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I I I like wings. Yeah. Don't I like short thighs. I like draw, but I want the breast. I want, I want a big piece. Right. Right. I want the daddy. I want the daddy or the granddaddy piece of chicken now.


Yeah. Listen, I I I would love, I would love for things to work out, you know, the right way. You know, for as, as a, as a fan. As a fan. But I can not com compar. I can compartmentalize and separate the two. I can separate the business side and actually I can sit the side of me being an ax actual fan and wanting everybody to stay together and understanding that it's not possible because somebody gonna have to take the short end of the stick. Yeah. And they shouldn't, they shouldn't be players. But here's the thing. OCHO fans don't understand that the players are business also. They only look at it from a, not, not all, I shouldn't say all or every, but a lot of fans only look at it from an NFL standpoint that it's a business. They don't look at the players. Well, they're doing business also.


Yeah. And I've gotta make the best decision because when the players could, when when teams cut players, the first thing they say, it was a business decision. We gotta do what's in the best interest of the team. Yeah. But when a player does, what is the best interest of the player fans? A lot of fans label selfish. He don't care about winning. Look what Brady did. Look what Brady. Different scenario. Different How many, lemme ask you a question. Yeah. I saw what Brady did. How many of those players is going to get a 10 year, $375 billion contract when they retire? How many of those players wives was making 30, $40 million? Do any of the players, I wanna know the player right now, currently that his wife or girlfriend, significant other makes that kind of money that it's okay.


Oh, I opened it down there in Kansas City to tight end. Yeah. Funny that you said that Ocho the chiefs have reportedly set a deadline for Travis Kel to make a decision regarding his NF NFL future. If ke, if Kelsey chooses to retire, the chief wants to know of his decision around March 14th, according to a team source. Based on that deadline, the chiefs are going to give Kelsey a month to decide his future. Is this deadline normal? I don't, I don't know if it's, I don't, I don't know if it's normal, especially that soon, especially that soon after a Super Bowl. But I think they want to know what he's gonna do soon, rather sooner than later.


So they can look, look forward to what we're going to do next. What's the next next steps we need to take. I I would, I would, I would've thought they would've given someone, especially like Kelsey, based on what he's done over an extended period of time, they would've given him a little bit more grace as opposed to rushing him to, to make a decision. Ocho, I'm running a football team. Never lose sight of that. Right. Right, right, Right, right. First of all, guess what happens in March, free agency. Right? I need to know, do I need to make a trade? Hey Atlanta, can I get Kyle pit from you? Okay. Ooh, I've gotta make a decision based on this football team.


I can't let this thing drag out. Right? Remember, that's what Green Bay got tired of. Brett Favre dragging it out. Dragging it out. They say, you know what we gonna do, don't worry about it. You go and do what you gonna do? We gonna take a quarterback. Right. Same thing happened with Aaron Rogers dragging it out. Drag it out, drag it out. They said, don't worry about it. Yeah. That's what they're doing here. Lemme free agency. Let me evaluate, let me look at some of these tight ends. The guy from Penn State, there are a couple of them. Yeah. What I've been reading, there're about five tight ends that could go in the first two rounds. Hmm. Let's see if we can get in position five to get one of it. Yeah. In the first two rounds. Let's see if we can get in position to get one of them.


Maybe Atlanta wants to get off Kyle Pitt because outside of his rookie year, he's, he's underperformed one year. He was hurt. Get that his second year end up tear his knee. But now the last couple of years he hadn't been up to the cow pit that we thought he would be. Let's see if Atlanta has grown impatient in wanting to part ways. Right. That's how you gotta run a team Ocho. I can't wait till the up teeth tower. Right. I understand. Totally. I totally understand. So I, I I'm, I I, I, I'm not surprised at this at all. I mean, to me, I mean, honestly, to me it's a little soon for someone regarded as one of the best to ever play a position. But I do understand the business side of it. We can't wait for you.


Well, They moved on from Tom Brady. They moved on from Peyton. Manny. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, well, Tom, okay, you right. I'm Stop. Boy. Hey, you done play this game too long on y'all to not know how it works. Yeah. You right. How, where did Emmett Smith, where did Emmett Smith finish his career? Arizona. Okay. The all time lead in Russia. Yeah. Tom Brady won six Super Bowls. He finished in Tampa. Paid Manning, four MVPs, two bowl appearances. One Super Bowl MVP. He finished in Denver. Yeah. Jerry Rice do not. Did I need to go? Do I need to move anymore? Yeah. Seattle. Yeah, You right. I'm just saying, bro, understand.


Joe Montana. Joe Montana finished his career in Kansas City. City. Yeah. I'm just saying understand the business, how it works. The team will always do what is in the best interest of the team. Yeah. This is why I employ the players. Do what's in the best interest of you. Yeah. Because the a they're gonna do what's in the best interest of them. If a team will move on from Tom Brady. What other player, what can a player do to assure if Tom Brady couldn't do enough to stay in in, in New England? That's crazy.


Let that sink in. Tom Brady, they won 19 division, 18 or 19 divisions. Right. They went to nine Super Bowls. They won six. He's an MVP in four of them. He's a three time league. MVP. And they didn't give him the grace of retiring in that uniform. What other player has there ever been before or after? Now you can retire early or they'll move on you before it gets too late Every time. I'm just saying every time. Well, hold on before the next topic. Let use the bathroom. I gotta pink real. Go ahead.


No, you're right. Nobody's safe. Michael Irving says, Brian Schottenheimer needs God to turn around the Cowboys. Let that sink in. Jack, one of the all time great cowboy players lives currently still in Dallas bleeds blue and silver says that Brian Schottenheimer needs God to turn around Dallas. Yeah. And DAXs over there talking. Well, Mike already said they gonna win the A-F-C-A-F-C next year.


Dax said they're close. I mean, San Francisco's close to L eight. I ain't trying to walk it though. Cowboys are not close to the Eagles. Even the fans in Dallas know. Even the fans in Dallas know that. And deep down the players know that they're not close. Your offensive line is comparable. You're too skinny. Your wide receivers aren't comparable. Your running back damn sure isn't comparable. Your quarterback, the difference between your quarterback, he might have better stats, but it doesn't play better in big moments. Your defense damn sure isn't better.


Y'all got one player, y'all, they probably got one player on Dallas Defense that will play for the Eagles. And that's Micah. Michael Irv says, shot Brian Schottenheimer needs God to turn the Cowboys around. What you think Ocho Hey Mike, shut out man. Hey, I mean, the Cowboy cowboy decent. Some work, especially defensively. We know that there have been some games where they showed up and showed out, but it it, it is all on Dak. It's all on Dak this year, baby. It's all on Dak. Dak is gonna have to be the one to overcome all the struggles you got to, whatever struggles they have on defense, Dak has to overcome that.


Any issues on offense, Dak has to overcome that. Similarly, what Mahome does similarly, what Mahome does with the Kansas City Chiefs, I'm not saying he's Patrick Mahomes. I'm just saying in order for the Cowboys to have success, Dak has to play that much better than what's around him. Does that make sense? Yeah. But when has he done that? I'm, I'm listen, I'm I'm just Outside of the, what people keep telling me. Dak tell you, telling turnovers is not, but that's who Dak is. If you go back and study Dak look, he turns the ball over at, on, at, Wait, I'm Confused. I'm, I'm confused by what people don't, don't, they don't believe what they see.


Oh, he gonna do. Okay. Eight years is a large sample size. No, that's nine years. 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24. So D's been in the league nine years. This is about to be his 10th year. Isn't that a large enough sample size to see what he is. Hardest position in football baby. Hardest position in football for a reason. Ocho check this out. Did you see the story today? A hump back? Well, swallows a man then spits him back up. Check this video out, Joe. Hey, I think this what Youma call it. Huh? Go ahead. Lemme see. It's a little baby humpback whale too.


You heard me? I I think that's what Youma call it, huh? Ai. Yeah, man. Yeah. You see how little that humpback whale was? I mean, Lula is a relative term when you're talking about a whale, something that's 40 tons. It's not a blue whale. But I mean, I think 30 tons is still pretty large. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't, I I I doubt that it is. Yeah. I, I doubt that. But I wanna see the, I wanna see the well swallow. It Didn't, it was too little. It was the baby. Nah, he had it. He, he, but see, that's why he gonna be out there. That's, that's why I'm not gonna be in a kayak in the ocean.


Oh, listen. Oh, you listen. One of the most, one of the most beautiful moments you could ever have is the paddle boarding or kayaking with orcas and killer whales coming up underneath you. That's one of the best, one of the greatest feelings in the world. Oh, I can think of a better feeling than somebody's up under me. That her name, her name. Keisha. Yeah. Oh yeah. I can think of something more beautiful than being out there. Some damn paddleboard. A kayak and some killer whales or, or whatever. Hell, whatever kind of. Well, I can think of something better being up under me. That's just me, Chad. No, I don't know what Ocho owe.


Bad, please. Hey. And you Right Ocho I'm thinking that because when I'm, when when she up under me of me all I'm thinking about the killer Whale Free Willie. That's what I'm thinking about. Right there and there. Free Willie. Hey, free shout out. That was a good one. That was a good one. Okay. That one, good one.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free, overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs


During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft when up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed, or your money back. Don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Ocho, check this out. A study date psychology found that 45% of men age 18 to 25 have never asked a woman out in person. The research suggests that the high risk of aversion, driven by fears of rejection and social repercussions is a major factor in this trend. In contrast, 74% of women age 25 and below expressed a desire for more in-person approaches pointing to a clear discrepancy between male hesitation and females expectations. It all depends on the guy.


It all depends on the guy and what, listen, it's all about being self-aware. Being self-aware based on who you are. Understanding the type of woman you're able to get. You know, sometimes you out kick your coverage. Sometimes as a man you're in a position where you can out kick your coverage based on what type of value you bring to the table. Understanding, being self-aware before you even approach certain type of women. Some people, you know, listen, sometimes fellas, especially in the social media area on you can scroll a woman's Instagram. That's what they're talking about. Ocho They be Now I'm, I'm, I'm just saying in general, I'm talking about the, the self-awareness part. Scrolling a woman's Instagram and understanding can you continue to help her live the lifestyle that she's trying to portray on social media.


So outside of that, even in person, understand the type of woman you're approaching now, you know, good and weather certain people, you ain't got no business approaching 'cause you can't do nothing with that. Yeah. Based on what it looks like. Based on aesthetics, based on atti. I mean, just the way they carry themselves. You already understand. And then also on the other hand, some women, they always talk about don't approach me in public. Don't talk to me when I go to the gas station, there's always dudes trying to hop. So I mean, what, what, what? You never Know. You can't talk to 'em at church. You can't talk to 'em at the grocery store. They don't want to be bothered in the gym. Yeah. And they gonna thank they're gonna thank you. Creepy. You trying to rob 'em if you talk to 'em at the gas station.


So I just tried to figure out what I what, because now Ocho Yeah. Women from what they tell me, they don't give you the phone number. They give you ig. Ig, yeah. Yeah. So I'm like, yeah. I'm like, well damn. You know, as a matter of fact. So I get your IG on your I'm looking. Oh girl. Love you. She better than yours now. I'm good. I'm good. You opportunity. You done went to the friend. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I'm like, hold on. Oh, this you? Yeah. Matter of fact, I'm looking, I'm looking at the girl right up under you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think I'm gonna go. Yeah. Yeah. You missed your opportunity.


I like, I like that study too. But a lot of men also, a lot of men aren't really comfortable or, or have the confidence, you know, it take a lot of confidence to approach women in public. You know that, huh? For sure. If you don't know them, there's, there's a certain, there's a certain cache about certain men that have that confidence in that. Or it doesn't matter who it is. It don't have matter. It doesn't matter who it is. Whether, you know, you're famous, you're regular, you're a celeb. It doesn't matter if certain men just have a, a certain aura about 'em, whether they can approach anybody. It doesn't matter who it is. Being able to create conversation and carry a conversation. Some people can't even talk. Huh? Yeah. I, I, but it, it, I bet I I was at the gas station. This had to be 15, 16, 17 years ago.


Yeah. Man, she was too bad. Ocho Talk to me. That too bad. Come on now. Now she pumping gas. She got a white beams, big body. Ooh, I'm pumping gas. Yeah. The 500 I'm looking That's 500. Yeah. Yeah. You got plenty, boy. Oh, Joe. I'm looking, she looking. Okay, I'm looking. She looking Okay. So by two minutes, I, hey, my, my thing don't feel, I'm just put like five. I put it like, you know, 5 cents at a time. And now I'm already, Damn. She looked back at me. She say, Ann, you gonna come ask me for my number? You just gonna stare. Come On that Man. You gonna stop playing.


You gotta stop playing. Since, since you put it like that. I been, come on and get it. Yeah, but you right Ocho you right. I mean, huh? We how here, tell us the rest of the story. Oh, you know I'm Mo Rivera. When I come into the game, it's going to be, I'm close the deal now. Hey, you. Hey. When the Yankees, y'all know the, Hey, sometimes he had to get a four. I saved, sometimes it was three, sometimes it was one. Right. But when Mo Rivera come in, I'm gonna close the deal now. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm close the deal. Okay. I like that. I like, I like that. I like that. See that? That's what I'm talking about.


Oh, Yeah. Yeah. But she, Hey, you, like, in, you going to just stare. You gonna come get my number? Yeah. I like it. I, I a that's what I want. I want somebody aggre. Hey, I want, I want my women to be aggressive. That is, there's only a few like that now. Now there's only a few that's aggressive like that, that are assertive and knowing what they want. Only a few. And I guess you, whoever that was you was talking to, that was someone of age that was experienced and season. Yeah. See, see, you ain't gonna get that from the young folk. Nah, they wanna be shy. They want you to chase after 'em. They, you know, they want you to apply pressure and apply Who apply?


You mean to tell me? Hold on, listen to the logic. Listen to the logic. We are the providers, right? Yes. Women say they're the prize, but we are the providers. Right. And the protectors. Right. So you want me to apply pressure? You want me to chase after you, basically, basically. So I could spend money on you to keep you happy. What sense has that made? None. Huh? Whatcha apologize. Yeah. It, it, it's done. Got, it's done. Got hard now. Ocho Child please. It's done. It's done. Got hard. Because you know, like you said, women want the man to do all of it.


Yeah. Well they do very little. Come on now. Oh no. Oh no, no. They don't have to do very little. They expect their mere existence to be enough. Being in their presence is enough. Yeah. Child, please. Yeah. You gotta, it's tough. Just ain't gonna lie to you, joy. It's really, it's really, really tough. It's, it's, listen, the game is the game. And I say it again. I say it all the time. The game is the game. The better you learn to play it, the better off you'll be and you'll be fine. Yeah. So, yeah, I miss those days, don't you.


Back in the day, you know, you, Hey, hey, what's your name? Where you from? I haven't seen you around here. You know, you, you know, you struggled a little conversation like that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know they weren't rude either too, huh? Yeah. Nah, They were very, Hey, they didn't, they look, they, if they weren't interested, but they made it easy. They, they, they ain't just like, no. Huh? You know what you ain't ran into, you ain't ran into the kind. Well, if you want to talk to me, send something to my cash app. Oh no. I'm, oh, How I'm supposed to know you like me if you ain't done nothing for me, I'm supposed to know you like me. If you ain't paid for my hair and my nails, huh?


Yeah. They, they done gone too far of that. I ain't, I ain't got no cash app. I ain't got no cash app. I ain't gonna lie though. But, but I, but I've had women tell. Well, you need to download it. No, I don't. No, no, no, no. If I don't, I don't need to get no cash app. I'm not going to get no cash app. I'm okay without having a cash app. Right. Shelby, what I can't do, I'm not on online shopping like that, Shelly does. So I'm not on online Ocho, I, I ain't on online like damn. Right, right. Real night. Let me go order this. I've never ordered anything offline. I ocho if I have a booked a hotel or bought a, a airline ticket, what makes you think I could even order online?


Right. But these women to eat, eat today, women man who Listen, they, they can live like that because this is, this is one thing about it. The woman can move the way they're moving because what one man won't do, another sucker will. Yeah. Huh. That's why they Operating the way they do Ocho lemme tell you the truth. They try to use, they try to use ocho. I understand. If you ain't got it. Oh, I'm glad you understand. 'cause I ain't got it. I'm glad you understand. You see, they try to get your ocho like, oh, I, let me show her. I can get it. Let me show her. I can, I can do this.


X, Y, Z. I ain't, I can understand. If you ain't got it, you ain't, you ain't, you ain't bawling like that. Yeah, I ain't got it. Don't. I ain't. Okay. It's cold. Don't. Got it. Hey, hey girl, please. Ocho, you know, mom kissing her daughter and fiance's business. So my mom is living with my fiance and I for the time being, and last night she went through his phone to prove to me that all men cheat and found messages between him and a woman sending selfish. Should I be bad at my mama for getting in my business or my fiance?


Oh, oh, Ocho. Hey, but that's, hey, that's a good one right there. Well, I tell you one thing I would love for all of us to, to, to, to kind of live in reality, reality a little bit more. Because if you got a partner right now, and I don't mean to start no drama. I ain't trying to start no trouble. I ain't talking. Ask your girl for a phone real quick and ask her for the password and watch a reaction that'll tell y'all you need to know. Or vice versa. If you can't change funds without letting each other know for 24 hours and still be together the next morning, that is tell you all you need to know. Half of you just going through the motions anyway. God dang that.


How you feel about it on there? I'm Just telling you, you Feel about it. God, I'm just, I'm just telling you, I'm just, Oh, so hold on, on, lemme get, I wanna make sure I'm hearing you right, Chad. So you saying each of y'all trade phone for 24 hours. I bet you, I bet you won't be together tomorrow morning. I bet you that and that go, that go for any and everybody bet y'all won't be together. Oh, damn. Hey people just going through the motion just to say, oh look, I got somebody, I got a man. Man, please. Yeah. No, I, I look, my mom ain't doing none of that. My mom ain't going through no phone.


I'm not gonna lie. My mom, my mom ain't going through my phone. She ain't going through your phone. I'm not gonna lie to my mom to talk crazy to you, but you're not gonna be disrespectful and talk crazy to my mom. Yep. I believe in respect on both sides, I've been very, very fortunate to have, for the most part, my mom is really not. Like I said, the one time that my, that, that, that young lady showed up at my home and my mama said what she said, but for the most part, my mom has never interfered in one of my relationships and my, or my grandmother, but also my, my, my grandmother and, and mom, my sister, been very respectful of our relationships, understanding that, hey, Shannon grown. Shannon gonna make mistakes.


He ain't look, we can't guard him. We can't protect him for everything. Right? But, Ooh, Mom went through his phone. Yeah, man. Yeah. Listen, that's tough. O Joe, listen, you know, we live in a life where we, we, we choose to live in delusion at times instead of reality. It is, it is tough. I understand it though. Where, where, where people rather live. You know, what you don't know won't hurt you, won't kill you. But I think it all stems from, especially for us men, when we're dealing with women at Times Zone, we have this, this notion, it's once there's a title or relationship, or once we spend any type of money, we view that individual as, as something that is belongs to us.


We view it as ownership and it, it just not, at the end of the day, you know, you, you need to learn and understand that these individuals that you may deal with, these individuals that you may invest in. Yeah. Listen, if the right opportunity presents itself, Ocho, lemme ask you a question, Ocho Talk to me now. If you, if you were to go looking for gold, don't you expect to find it On now? My grandma tell you what my grandma told me all the time. Yeah. Take your ass out the walk through mug. You gonna come out dirty. If you go through somebody's phone, you looking for something. Oh, you gonna find it Every time.


Every time. Listen, what do I, yeah, First of all, mom doing too, way Too much. Do I know, I, I only, I only been doing this for 30, 30, 32 years. That's all. I've been doing it for 32 years. I, what, what do I know Ocho mom doing too much. Oh, she was, she was, that was disrespectful. The go, first of all, anybody going through somebody phone disrespectful? Yeah. Yeah. You got your phone. I got my phone. I ain't going through yours. I ain't picking your phone up. Looking at it. Hey, bring me my phone. No, I have somebody phone out your, I ain't gonna lie. I handle their phone. Face down. Face Down. I knew you gonna say that. Yep. I handle their phone face down.


I ain't trying to look, I don't go through nobody purse. I don't go through nobody. I ain't going through nobody. Glove box and Right. Looking all up under their seats. I ain't doing all that. I ain't no detective. Listen, I ain't trying to solve no crime. If it's supposed, Hey, listen, if it's supposed to find you, it's gonna find you. It's gonna happen. It's gonna happen. Find You. Now, now guys are a little bit more, I mean, some guys, they, they, they, the new version of women, they talk a lot. Yeah. But women Oh, they gonna blow your cover. Yeah, They'll blow your cover. But I just like, Hey, but my mom, my mom ain't doing that. My mom, like, my mom like her cushy life.


She does. Yeah. My mom just go play the slots, have her a good old time. Drive her new whip. Look at, look at your mama baby. Okay. Go through my phone. That car gonna be right here in the garage. Yeah. Yeah. Mom, you need to stab that man phone. You ain't how to do that. Yeah. Now you done messed up. Now, now, now. So now what Ocho how about this? What happens if she choose to stay with it? Well, and he found out, mom, your mom went through his phone. She ain't going nowhere. Nowhere. She ain't going nowhere. Now. First incident, first incident, he ain't going nowhere.


Right. You know what's funny? When you do leave, whatever, the cycle just repeats itself with the next person. Right. Because when it comes to women, women like a certain type of man, the type of man doesn't change. Do I need to keep going? Do I need to, Well, I know what you're talking about. The cycle, the cycle continues to repeat itself because women like what they like. So whatever you had, whatever problems you have with him, you gonna have it with the Mexican because you like a certain type of dude. Yeah. Motorcycle just repeats itself over and over and over and over. And it's just gonna keep going. Ain't gonna never Stop. And they, those type of, you know, Hey man, why did, why money? I, because that type of woman is in that environment around that type of man.


They're at live, they're at Vegas, they're at t, they're at this place or they at Tulum, they're at Cancun, they're in Jamaica. So the woman is constantly around. That type of man. That type of man is constantly around that type of woman. Yeah. It's just a merry-go-round, man. Don't, yo, if I go to church, I'm expect to see, meet a God fearing woman. Why? Because I'm in church And I now, I could be wrong, but man, man, Shannon, why you keep me, why you keep meeting these women? And all they do is talk about, Lord, all they do is wanna go to Bible study and go to see Ty tribute, because that's where I'm at.


Church. I'm meeting him at church. So you expect to meet that type of woman. Okay. If you, in that type of environment, a lot of athletes hanging out, what, what do you think you're gonna get if you are in a situation, if you take 20 beautiful women and you put 'em in a situation, football, basketball, baseball players, what you think is gonna happen. Because if you look at it, most athletes like the same type of a woman. Yeah, I know. Yeah. For the most part. Don't you? I mean you, every once in a while you'll get a little, a little varied. Yeah. A little variety. Yeah. Yeah. But for the most part, look at, look at your athletes, women and tell me.


Yeah, Just say it. Just say it. Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. The night was good. I like that. Isaiah Lancaster, uncle Ocho. Do you think the 49 ERs receiving court would be better off without Deebo? I feel Ricky Pearsall has a lot of promise for them also, Whether you rank Jalen Hirsch rank on his, on the list of current quarterbacks. I mean, Pearsall ain't no goddamn deebo. I could tell you that Pearsall is more, he, He got better and better as the year progressed. Ocho he got better, better Ribo Cho, he got shot.


Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I understand. And came and came back and he played well down the stretch. These are two different totally type of, of receivers, two completely different type of receivers. P Pearsall is good. Deebo is good in his own right. Based on what he does. Core, I mean, it all depends on how healthy IU comes back. Juwan Jennings is the, is he under contract for another year or are they going, they're gonna hunt or are they gonna make a play for T Higgins? I don't, I I don't know Ocho I, I really don't know what they're gonna do.


Right. Obviously you gotta sign, you gotta sign Purdy first. You Gotta get him under contract. Where do you rank Jalen Hertz, the list of your quarterbacks? Currently? Mahomes won. I mean, shouldn't we go Jalen second? You could, I mean, I, I would go Mahome, especially right now. I still would, I would take Mahomes one. Jalen, I would take Lamar two.


I'll put Hertz, three Burrow. Josh Allen four, borough five. Either way you go four or five. Either way. All Right. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm doing it the other way. I'm going my home. Jalen hurts. Lamar Burrow then Josh. Okay. I like it. Aaron Owen says, what's your Mount Rushmore Super Bowl performances? I got Doug Williams, Steve Young, Marcus Allen, 2000 Ravens defense as a whole. I, I can't remember all that. You know, first of all, the greatest Russian performance in Super Bowl history is Timmy Smith. Who? Timmy Smith.


When Doug Williams won the Super Bowl. MVP. Right. Timmy Smith ran for 205 yards. Yes. Go back and look it up. People, people forget about that rushing performance. He's the only guy that's ever rushed for 200 yards in the Super Bowl. Well, how many yards Doug Williams had passing if he won? Doug, Doug threw, Doug had like three 40, I think. Did Doug have like three 40? I think he had three 40 and four touchdowns. Oh yeah. He was even But They exploded in the second quarter. I think they scored like 35 points in the second quarter. Jeez. They went haywire on the Broncos.


I I'm sorry, Ocho. I didn't mean to be dead on. He threw for 340 yards in four touchdowns. I'm sorry. Ocho Ash got all mad now. Not Mad. Listen, you only knew that because they beat up on the Broncos. So it's easy to remember those numbers. Ocho you do realize I was in college when that happened. That was 1987. So that damn near 40 years ago. Yeah, but go look at Timmy Smith ran for 205 yards. Ocho you Breathe And, but Doug had that magical day. I remember Marcus, Marcus ran, I think for 1 91. He's known for the reverse field touchdown. Yeah. Maybe you look at Jerry.


When he went for what? 11. For two 15 against your Bengals in 1988. You had, you ain't had to say that. I'm trying to think. You can make a case. Brady. Brady had a, had Brady might have had, had the greatest passing day and they lost Brady threw for 500 yards against the Eagles in the Super Bowl. And they lost. Oh yeah. And then the, the game that he had against Atlanta, Kurt threw for four. Kurt threw four over 400 against Tennessee in Atlanta. Super Bowl going back to Atlanta in 28.


I be there. No, you ain't staying at my house. I'm moving as a matter of fact, I'm gonna put it up. I'm gonna put it up on, I'm put it for sale at 27. Well, Where I'm gonna stay at. Huh? If I'm stay at your place where Amma stay at. I mean you and Rel probably get an Airbnb. Me and who? Re Okay, who that? Sheldon Pope said Ocho. Don't you know Aman, Josh Smith, the white Howard, Dominique Wilkins, Lou Williams, they're all from Georgia And K Man, one of them beat me. Oh Lord Have Mercy.


One GB network TV said one a Georgia man, your graduation class with 18. Think about that. Go back and look the some of the greatest players come out the stage. Y'all know where Herschel Walker went to school at one A Heisman Trophy winner. George Rogers one. A Garrison Hirst one. A champ Bailey. Y'all ever heard of Champ Bailey one A Shannon Sharp. Y'all ever heard of him one A Starling Sharp one A What? Yeah, one A football. Could I any of those ga any of those names off the top of your head?


Yeah. You see y'all get caught up in how big the school is. It ain't the size of, it's a let me be a shark in a pond as opposed to a mentor in the ocean. Mm Oh, you can come down here to Florida and be a shark in the ocean. All I know I did all, all I know is I did this, I did, I I from little small school for I did was go to HBCU, go to the NFL and all those guys that went to those five A schools and those big schools couldn't beat the little old one. A guy for that job when he gotta Savannah State. And when I went to, went to the NFLA little HBCU guy, a guy from Michigan, a guy from Nebraska, Notre Dame, Miami, Ohio State, Alabama couldn't beat me out for the job.


You mean to tell me them guys that got Nick Saban and got, oh, who was the guy? What's the guy? Notre Dame used to be Coach Little Lou Hos. They got Lou Hos and they had co got coached by Jimmy Johnson and Dennis Erickson. They couldn't beat little old Shannon out for the job. John Robinson. Now y'all went to those big old schools and I tell you, boy, what y'all doing? I'm here. Go ahead, just jump in the chat. I wanna know what y'all doing. Y'all went to a school, had 5,000 people.


Now tell me what y'all doing right now. See y'all more concerned of where you, where you were. I'm concerned about where you are right now. Mm. You want me to tell me what y'all doing? Think about it. I went to one A, got a scholarship, could have went D one grades weren't good enough. But then H-B-C-U-I went to Seventh Round. I wasn't concerned about what round I got drafted in. 'cause I know I'm gonna have to put that pad and helmet on. You gotta put that on too now. Yeah. Now when you, when we get there, oh, you went to Ohio State. You had this guy coaching. You had that guy.


Hey Sharp, get in there, got in there and they couldn't get me out. They, they couldn't get me out. I dunno that just me. That's just me. Little old country boy could I did, I talked the, I talked the rooster into paying a Fox $50 to guard the head house. I like that. Well, I'm right. I ahead. I could talk a fox. I could talk a fox. I could talk a A rooster. The paying a Fox $50 to guard the hen house. That's a good one. I'm using that.


I'm gonna use that on. I'm gonna use that on tv. Why I'm use


that. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


these days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions journeying to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their start to homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global edu.


Ready for a new year health and fitness breakthrough that will blow your frigging mind. I'm Carl, co-founder of Body. That's Bo with an Eye. And this is the Body BOGO Sale right now. If you sign up for a one year subscription to Body, I'll pay for your entire second year. That's 78% off our monthly price and our best Deal ever. Look, it's not easy to get fit and lose weight, especially if you want healthy results. At Body, we make it simple to reverse years of unhealthy habits. We have over 130 structured programs like four beginners only 21 Day Fix, P 90 X and Insanity. Our app also has complete eating plans and thousands of healthy, delicious recipes. Let's take the guesswork out of getting you fast results. The next 500 people who sign up for a year of body get a full second year free. It's time to love your body. Just go to body.com. That's BOD i.com.


But think about ocho. Do you understand how good you gotta be to get somebody from at an HBCU? Yeah. Now I was going to an HBCU when they wasn't popularized. They wasn't politicizing it. Yeah. And they wasn't talking about it like they do now. Let's see. Back then. Yeah. Yeah. Look at who you came to see. I gave what he came to see. Y'all better stop playing all the guy. And there are a lot of guys that went to five A and six because now on show we got 8, 8 5 A. Right. We got schools that got 4,000 students, 5,000 students. Y'all do realize I'm Shannon Sharp, whether we'd had 10,000 students.


I'm still him. Okay. I'm still him. Okie talk man. As a matter of fact, class A, go look. Who won the best performance trophy, the best triple jumper in the state of Georgia from a class A school beat double aa, B aa, eat be quad A. That wasn't seem like I wasn't him. I've been him ever since. I little bitty boy Now I'm a big old grown man. I'm still him. Still ain't nothing change. Let's give little gray. Let's race then. No.


Alright. We can do bench press, we can do shoulder press, we can do squats. Okay. That that's fine. That's fine. 'cause I live just as much as you do. That's fine. I'm tell you what. What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna Let whatever you max, I'm gonna let you get done and then I'm gonna rep it. Okay. 'cause I ain't got time to be doing all that. All that other Take it to putting all the, take it off. Once you, once you get to your max, then I'm gonna rep it. Well my Max Tyra said What's up Other ocho, do you see Sixers trading Joel and B in the near future? I definitely can see that happening. Yeah. Now. But good luck 'cause they owe him about 240. He just signed a three year extension for $193 million. So he's due about $260 million. Hmm.


Is that, do you think that's a good investment? He said that he's probably possibly gonna need another surgery after the season. That's tough. That's asking an awful lot man. I don't think that's a very wise decision to trade for him. Ocho, he hasn't been healthy but for one year. Yeah, we know. Listen, nobody's arguing his ability. The guy gave you 35 and 12. He was leading the league in scoring last year before he got hurt. Luca ended up winning. We saw the year before. The year before that Joel Embiid is as skilled of a big man.


If we've had great touch around the re can shoot the three got a mid-range can defend You just can't stay healthy fly. Guy said at this point, does my boy Freddie T make it to the hall? My Jags deserve one more. I do think Freddie T will eventually get in had he not had his career cut short. One of the best players in Jags history, people don't talk about It's Jimmy Smith. Jimmy Smith. Oh Jimmy was the truth boy. The real deal. Oh, you remember what he did to your Ravens?


Yeah, I was there. Hell, I remember what he did with that Broncos. You know, went to Jackson State, got in a car wreck, ended up losing like a half a foot of intestine, got drafted by the Cowboys in the second round. Cowboy Cowboys being the Cowboys. Didn't realize what he had became impatient. Can you imagine him played alongside Mike? Oh my goodness, that would've been nasty. He goes to the Jag. Y'all better look up Jimmy man. Him and Keenan When they were cutting up. Boy what? Fred Bruell tho that thought thing because at first they had him in In Natron. Meanses. Yeah. And then they got Freddie T. That was all she wrote.


J 2 1 3. Hi Uncle Ocho, can I please get a shout out my birth. My birthday was yesterday and my daughters will be born in two months. How did y'all protect your little girls while they were growing up? Happy birthday Jay. Appreciate, Happy B day. Appreciate you watching. Hopefully you did something fun bro. I was very fortunate 'cause my oldest daughter, her junior and senior year, she lived with me and she's old enough to know what, who her daddy was. Who her daddy was in high school. I mean in college. Who her daddy was in the NFL. And you just be honest.


I've always been able to be honest with that one. She doesn't want you to sugarcoat it. She wants you to tell you the truth. And she, we have a very different relationship because most daughters won't talk to their dad. Like my daughter would talk to me. So she would share, she would share things with me like she would share with a mother. So we had a very open relationship and I was honest with her. Maybe you gotta be careful. I can't protect you now you gonna have to make some mistakes because if I protect you from everything when I'm not around you, that's when you're gonna be flawed. So I'm gonna let you know, I'm gonna tell you, you know, some of the signs that you need to look for. But baby, you gonna have to, you gonna have to experience some stuff for yourself. Some things can only be seen through the eyes that have cried.


Right. I can tell you it hurt, but you gotta experience it for yourself some things. And So, you know, you just try to be honest. You know she's in her thirties now. She a big girl. She knows. And my son, my son has only had a couple of relationships. Been married for like the last three years. He dated his, his wife who was his girlfriend at the time for like seven years. So if somebody would've asked me when they were probably 13 or 14, which one of my kids would've got married. Part of the key.


He's always been the calmer of the ones he's always been. This is him always. So I, it is no surprise that he got married first. It's no surprise he got married at a young age. He's definitely the opposite of his dad. He looks like me. He's built like me. That's where it stops. One G Network TV said Yo Uncle Ocho, can I get a happy first birthday for my son? So hard. So happy first birthday. Now one day your daddy is gonna clip this and he's gonna show you man, hey unc Ocho. Wish you a very special happy first birthday.


Happy first birthday young man birthday. Many more to come Lady Ray. Hey guys, is there a certain type of food sound smell that is nostalgic and it takes you right back to the good old days in your mind? Hmm? Any, any, any soul food spot? Any soul food spot where I can smell 'em? Yams, sweet water. Cornbread. The chicken. Oh yeah. Oh, you talking about those yams? I thought you talking about them other yams, yam. That would take me back. Woo. Tell me way back. Don't your Yeah, I I'm just thinking about Sunday dinner, man. After church man. Everybody meet up, meet up at my, I Was thinking about Monday. I was thinking about Monday night dinner, but, okay, go ahead. Carry on.


Hey, going to a soul food spot man. And, and walking in and smelling. Just smelling the cooking, smelling the food man. Remind me of going to my my grandma's sister house man on Sunday where everybody meet up after church and, and, and big mama being that cooking man. Whooping that thing up man. Just, it did bring back some good memories man. It bring back some, yeah. Your family. I don't get that smell anymore Ocho 'cause I'm not around 'cause nobody really cooks like my grandmother used to cook. Right. You know, when she's cooking collard greens and she got Turkey necks or she got pigtails or you know, stuff like that. Nobody's cooking cabbage, nobody's cooking like my black eye peas and stuff like that. My grandmother used to cook. So, but boy, when I get no more oxtails, there's something about them oxtails.


Yeah Man. And the thing be a bigger your fist. Yeah man. Mm. But I do love some more deep, that old iron skillet corn bread. Yeah. And sometimes they can have, sometimes they have like the real kernel corn in there and sometimes they have like the jalapenos. I hate the, I hate the corn and jalapenos. Ooh. Oh and that blueberry. Yeah. Boy, that blueberry cornbread with and that cast iron. I'm talking about that, that cast iron skillet I think be like this Thick as hell. Yeah. Lord have mercy. Just can't help it Ocho I just can't help it.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean we, we don't like the thing, like I said, Ocho when my grandmother passed away, we don't really, 'cause when I was growing up fourth Sunday, everybody always came to my grandmother and grandfather's home. Yeah. Holidays. All my uncles in Knox would come over after, you know, over to present. They come over Right. Easter, like I said before, but once my grandma, we got together, my grandmother passed obviously we went there and we, you know, we cooked out and people brought stuff. But that was it. You ain't been to say that was it. And I knew once my grandmother passed, that was going to be it. Yeah. It's same. I I, I knew that was the proudest that my grandmother was on your like my last three, four years in the league. I would have a big old cookout.


Yeah. So I'd have my sister like, bring all your friends, blah, blah, blah. They don't need to bring anything but the appetite. Right. I would get my homeboy timid. He was a year older than me and so he would cook and I would, and I called him. I'd tell, I'd call him. He, my executive, my executive chef, all the homeboy say that end a cook, but he would cook, you know, steaks, you know I'd get 200 pounds of crab, crab legs and shrimp. You know we have steak, you know, Hebrew, national hot dogs, hamburger, I mean everything on your, and my grandmother would just sit in the window and all I asked if that not cut my god said, my grandmother's in the west.


I said, y'all see my grandmother, y'all hey having much fun drink, just don't curse in front of my grandmother. Yeah. And man, that was the happiest. My grandmother was. She was so happy to see her, you know, to see a lot of people, kids that she knew to see her, you know, me and my brother obviously her grands her kid, my uncles and aunts would come over and we'd just have a great time. Yeah. And I miss that. But it's over now. Ocho It's over home. Boy, my grandma been gone eight years now. It's been eight years since I've seen family all together under one roof. And only we'll get together is when there's a death in the family. Ocho I haven't been home, I haven't been to my grandmother's home in Glenville in 13 years.


My sister come to me. Right. And like I, and when I and people like, man, your brother, I say my brother, I have not seen my brother at my home in six years because I'm never there. When he comes, he'll call, Hey bro, I'm scared of the crib. Okay. And even when, even when he in Atlanta Ocho Yeah. He didn't stay at the house. He came, he get a hotel. So I don't, I don't see him when I come to the house. So he's like, he's shocked because he is like, bro, I, you know, come up outta the house. He's like, is everything, he's thinking something wrong. Right. If I tell my brother I need to see him something, he thinks something wrong. Now my sister like, okay, you need somebody to watch the dogs and blah, blah blah. But that's not how he thinks.


He's wired differently. So he's thinking if I say, Hey bro, I'm at the house, stop by, I need to see you. He's thinking something wrong. Right. So that's why he said he jumped in the car, he hit the road. So it's very, people are like, man, he he knew, he didn't know because he can't see me. When you walking down the stairs, there's a, there's a hand. So he couldn't see me if that's why he had to walk all the way down. That's why he stopped. So once he stopped, now he can see now he probably had an indication that when I got the jacket on and that's why he looked, he see me, he looks to his left, he see all these people. But that's, that's when he realized it. But prior to that he had no idea. He was just like, damn, because but that's where we go.


When we would, when he would come more frequently, Ocho that's where I would be, I would be down in the basement watching all the TVs on the wall. Like wait, wait, what you doing? I was like, you know we watching the games, you know we have all the games on. But I miss that ocho I do, I I I miss seeing my grandmother in in that window. Yeah. All those people in the yard drinking, laughing, having a good time. We talking about stuff that happened 25, 30 years ago. 40 damn near 40 years ago. I miss that. But it is what it is. Ocho d Bishop said Uncle Ocho my girls Maria Navarro big fan. Could you wish you a happy Valentine's Day? A part of my gift. Huge fan being yourself goats of the podcast.


I sure will. Maria, happy Valentine's. Hey bitch, you got something for you know, you know what I'm saying? You Happy Valentine's sis? Happy Valentine's Day and to all the women, happy Valentine's Day. Hopefully you and yours do something really, really special. You enjoy it, you know. But the Rose Sparks come in handy. Yep. Shake the covers now. Hey, hey. You heard what I said I don't know if y'all saw the commercial threepeat back to back to back three. Repeat Run it back Ocho.


I tell him if Pete and Repeat was on the fence and Pete was off, if feet fell off, who was left? Repeat. Well come on with it then. Come on with it. Repeat ocho 36 hours. Do you know what you can do in 36 hours? Well I can do a lot now. You come a lot of damage. Yeah. To you touch every corner in the house. Yeah Man, please. That what I'm talking about, don't you? That's what I like to hear. Oh, oh, oh and re what you give a Valentine's Day with re I be at my place. I bet Rel be over there tomorrow. Over will.


Yo No, you'll be at her place. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. She gonna, she gonna, nah we got, we got. She ain't gotta do nothing. Nothing. We got a long way to go bro. Long way to go. Short time to get there. Lot. A lot of counseling. A lot of therapy. And ain't nothing wrong with that, don't you? Ain't nothing wrong with that. Right, Right, right. By that. Nothing. I tell you what, you know what works great for therapy. What ro The row marks man roast marks in therapy. Ain't nothing. Can't beat it. Can't beat it with a stick.


Hell no.


Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, that guy, the Liberty City legend, the Binger Ringer, Fame artery, pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. We really, really appreciate your support. 16, 17 and a half months, it seems like just yesterday, but you've always stood by UNC and o, UNC and ocho and we greatly, greatly appreciate your support.


Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. The holidays, Valentine's Day, the new year is upon us. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shaa by La Porter? If you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it. We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly, stay safe go. Followed by media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything just got restocked. We also dropped new beanies in every color. We've also introduced gift cards available from 25 to $500. This takes the guesswork out of and lets someone, you know, special pick exactly what they want.


Stay tuned. We have a big Valentine's Day drop coming tomorrow at 1:00 PM Eastern. Make sure you stay locked in. You don't want to miss it. Thank you guys for watching again. We're off until Sunday, right? We're off until Sunday. Woo. Finally. Two days off. Who knew? Two days off. 2 1 2 days off. I'm Not, I'm not off. Thank you guys for watching Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's ocho. We will see you on Sunday. Hey, how are you? I'm good, how are you? I'm good. I haven't done much today. I've been chilling for the most part.


What you been up to? Busy day. It's been so busy. I'm trying to come over later. What do you wanna do? I Mean, if you could just like Nightcap and chill, usual, you know. Okay, I'll come over. Yeah, I'll be over in 15, 15 Minutes, but okay, I'll see you soon. Alright, bye. The Volume


Something might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework


At David's bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humid door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


You know more about the PayPal debit card than you did at the start of this podcast. You know that the PayPal debit card gives you the ability to pay everywhere. You know that you earn 5% cash back on a category of your choosing on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. And you know that you get to pick a new category every month. Apparel for back to school groceries for the holidays. Start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International, Inc.