
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video makes the cash touchdown. This week the Denver Broncos visit the Los Angeles Chargers in a game with big playoff implications. This is unbelievable. Coverage begins with TNF tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Broncos and Chargers Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play. If you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. For bundle subscribers, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before. With ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton Crew. Now streaming terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Ravens Beat, the Giants 35 14 Lamar Tyler Career Highway five touchdown passes. This is Lamar fifth game with five TD passes and five or fewer Incompletions. No other player in NFL history has more than three. The defense title season lower yards allowed with 236. Now Baltimore has to prove it can beat the Steelers on Saturday. The Ravens have lost eight of their past nine games against, they're the biggest, biggest division rivals. The Steelers can clinch the A FC North title with a win. That's the one team that Lamar does not have a winning record against in the division. Ocho Ocho. What you got? What you got?


Hey, That's gonna be a good one. Listen, the Raven played the Giants today. You know, you don't get a pat on the back for that. You don't get a pat on the back for beating the goddamn giants. Now obviously we know what Lamar's record is against the Steelers. It hasn't been good since he's been in the NFL. I think for them just to be a play of not only a playoff atmosphere game, but the type of team you would have to face in the playoffs. So to have a good showing yes would be, it would behoove everybody that's a part of that organization, including Lamar, to have a good showing against the Steelers. Yep. This Saturday. You know, I mean to do what you did to the Giants, you know that.


That's cool. It's a nice warmup. It's a tuneup. I call it a tuneup game for the real game come Saturday. And I, Because if I'm not mistaken, the Steelers also the Steelers and, and the Chiefs are one of the three teams that played this three games in 11 days, right? Yeah, yeah. Because yeah, Yeah. I like It because they play sa because the Steelers play Saturday and then they turn around again and play Wednesday. And if I'm not mistaken, I think the Ravens do the same thing. See everybody gotta do it. Shouldn't be, ain't no ain't no excuses. Put your put Eight. Well everybody, everybody put your Big boy, put your, put your big boy brief on there. Let's go.


But that was, that was the thing. Like you said, Lamar had with 21 or 25, 2 95 touchdowns, he was sacked twice. Josh Johnson even came into the game. They ran the ball 31 times for 170 yards. Lamar had six for 65. Derrick Henry was 14 of 67. Hill had two for seven. Lee had eight for 32. But see, that's the balance that you need. When they run it more than they throw it, they win. It's not that compli. Now look bro, the giants, I mean they're NFL team, but barely, if it was soccer, they'd have got sent down to the lower leagues.


You know what I'm saying? They'd have been playing so bad. You know how they demote team? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They would've gotten demoted. They would've gotten demoted. But this is what you have to do when you go on the road and you playing a team that you know you're better than you don't dilly dally around with them. You go ahead. You're killing na with a sledgehammer. You let 'em know, here we go again. Yeah. You damn right. Get y'all ass up outta here. So by the third quarter, I want the fans, I want the 50,000 fans that came. I want them to start filing out of there. And I want more planes to come overhead with more banners. Hey, we gonna be back and we're gonna keep doing this until you fire everybody. And it couldn't happen to not I, I want, you know what, when is John Barr gonna read some letters?


Because he was quick to tell you about the letters that he wrote that he, that he read of how, how angry the fans were with Colin Kaepernick. Right. Read some of the fans letters. Now tell us what they think. You he Nobody asked you about the fans. Nobody asked you what the fans were saying when they wrote you letters and you read 'em. Now we're asking you, You know, he Can you read some of the fan letters? He know better. He know better. He, he could read the room. Read the room, brother John read the room. He know what time it is. Yes. It ain't getting anytime soon. No, absolutely not. Until you get a quarterback. I don't care. I don't care who come in there.


No, you gotta have a quarterback and they don't have one. And I hope Yourdo doesn't go there either. Dang, the Beatles beat the Titan 37 27. Burl had another big performance through his 30. His league leading 36 touchdown pass on the season, which broke his own franchise record with three games to go. But he also had two picks and a fumble. T Higgins size Jamar Chase agent. Oh, T Higginson. Oh, I didn't know J Chase was with Rock. Rocky Arsenal. Yeah, He was a Marsha Fox agent. He's also, he was Zeke Zeke Elliot agent. So I've been knowing Rock man, I've been knowing Rock 20 years.


He always told me, man, you don't never gimme no love. I didn't know I was supposed to get agent love. But nah, he, he, he a cool dude. He a good dude. I, I like rock a lot. Like I said, I've been knowing Rock 25 years ever since he was coming over to the Pro Bowl with Marshall. Joe Burrow was 26 to 20 37, 2 71, 3 touchdowns, two interceptions with a fumble. Chase Brown had 25 carriers, 97 yards of touchdown. They had 26 rush attempts, 101 yards. Chase finally did not get in end zone. Somebody finally kept him under a hundred yards. He had nine catches for 94. Higgins had five for 86, but did have a tub. Tub. The only thing, look, they really would've had a tough night because Burl, he had nice numbers, but he didn't play particularly well.


Ocho Yeah. The only thing that saved him, you know who he was up against? Yeah. Who was up against Ocho. Will, Will Levi, through his league leading fourth pick six, he had three ints. Mason Rudolph came in and said, you know what will, I can't leave you out here hanging. I'm gonna throw one So you don't feel left out. Fourth. Well, 10. Hey, T bad, huh? I don't, I don't know who's worst. I don't know who's worst giants, Tennessee. Who else in that group? Who else in that group with them? It is, it's The Jags. Oh, The, yeah, the the Jags. It's, It's almost the Raiders. The Raiders. Yeah. The Raiders. The Raiders. The Raiders in that group too. Man, it's, it's, it's a, it got to the point, unc, I'm watching the game of football and I love the game of football and I love good consistent quarterback play.


And I understand how important a quarterback position is when it comes to competing against another team. You, you are only good as your quarterback and the C will lever. Yeah, sure. The C will levers play the way he plays based on what I see he, what he can possibly be. If he just protect the ball. It's like, it's like, I don't wanna say wasted talent. It's like it's bad somebody, somebody gotta get a hold of him and really meant a little bit man. And, and get him, get him to, I, when I, I look at him, I look at him like a, like a damn, like a Josh Allen man, just big mobile dude, threat type quarterback. It just, his decision making is, I wonder if he could Is horrible.


His decision is horrible. Or maybe it's accuracy. I don't know which one it is In, in order for him to be quarterback, the team that he's playing against, they can't have on white in their jerseys because they got white in Tennessee and he think that's his teammates. Damn man, Bro. I'm like, bro, I'm like Ocho. And then your guys had a pick six, then he let fu the ball outta the end zone. That was a touchback. Yeah. So they ended that could have been 44. So the game could have been blown over. Yeah. I mean 27, 37 and it was like respected. It really wasn't that close. I mean, it was close early because once bur stopped turning the ball over the game got kind of got outta hand.


But there, but see, here's the thing. Everybody says now he had three turnovers a day. They won the game. Had they lost like they did the Steelers. What role did those three turnovers play? Because y'all blame the defense. You Yeah, you did. You did. You blame the defense. So does three turnovers play a role in your team losing? Yeah. It, it does. It does. I mean if it, if that's what had happened, but that's not what happened. We won the game. But it did happen against the Oh yeah, it did. It did, it did. Okay. Okay. We good? Okay, we can move on then. Oh, Joe Will, Levis was benched. The Titans had six turnovers. Four of them. You gotta prac in order to be this bad, you gotta practice.


So you go out there and say, Hey, we're not having any completions. We wanna throw incompletions. Right. And turnovers ain't no way you that bad. You practice. That's what I would get frustrated by. Man, I'm putting all this time in, I'm watching all this tape. Yeah. And I and my quarterback, He may keep messing up and I listen, I know how you feel. I know how you feel. Is them is is them, is them jeans that they used to wear? I don't know if they still wear 'em, but they're, I'm from the south. So those, those, those, those girls used to wear those jeans with no back pockets on 'em. We used to call 'em smooth booties. Smooth. I, I ain't never Smooth. They didn't have no back pockets On them. Right. I ain't never heard of them. Yeah. Yeah. The more jeans you ain't never, you remember, Hey, hey, somebody in the check go them kick jeans.


What kind of jeans? Chick? CHIC? Yeah. I aint never, I ain't never heard of that. Oh. That was the, oh boy, the girl had the thing. Hold on, hold on. What, what area? What area? Where area y'all was from? That the eighties. I know, I know the eighties. But what I mean, so in Atlanta, Everywhere, everybody had chick cheese. Yeah. You better tell them. You better tell them Something. Hey, anybody Chick was like anybody In the chat. We had those in Miami. I ain't never heard of that. If, if you were somebody, you had a pair, they were a little expensive too. So you, no, when You say expensive, how much we talking like 30 back then? Back then that, that's a lot You about back then.


You Gotta tell me I know A damn a boatload of money. Baby fought it. Yeah. That's a lot of money back then. Yeah. Teams ain't never heard of that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Girls, I'm trying to think, was it, was it Far Faucet one of the, one of those angels used to wear em and beat Sasoon? What you know about Beat Sasoon? What Beat Sasoon had Jean? Yeah. Yeah. Gloria Vanderbilts. What you know about Gloria Vanderbilt Now that's, I remember them names. Oh yeah. Yeah. They, they, they were back, back in the day.


Ocho Lord Ocho, the Bucks run rough, short over the Chargers. The Bucks rack up 505 total yards. LA had 2 0 7. Mike Evans 159 yards Ocho, he's now 251 yards short. He needs the average 83.67 yards. So basically 84 yards a game over the last three games to reach A final. He don't get that. Oh, baker, that's one thing about o Shaken Bake now. Oh. Shake and Bake if you need something. Oh, shaken Bake get it to you. You Gonna make sure you it. I like that. You gonna make sure you get it now. I'm sure. And sure. Baker Mayfield. They gonna make, matter of fact, the coaches, the offense the coordinator, they gonna make sure you get it.


They should. Oh yeah. Who wore a g? What? Which Angel wore those jeans? Was it Kate? Was it Farrah? Farrah? Who? Faucet. Farrah Faucet. Well, Farrah Faucet majors. She's married to the $6 million man. To who? Maybe it was Suzanne Summers. She was married to who? Oh, they, they had pictures. Baker was 22 of 27, 2 88 yards, four touchdowns.


One pick one sack. Bucky Irving. 15 carries Buck 17, white. 15 carries 64. They ran the ball Ocho 39 times for 2 23. Justin Herbert was harassed. He had a pick sack three times. Tyler Heineke came in, won for one four yards. But they really, really not a whole lot. Tampa did an outstanding job. Like I said, they pressured him. Labonte. David had a sack at a half. Yeah, hall had a sack at a half. But they did a great job of neutralizing 11, carries for 32 yards. And that's what I'm saying. This is gonna be very interesting to see Tampa in Dallas because that's gonna tell us a lot.


That's gonna really, really, really tell us a lot. Oh wait, About who? No, I'm saying that that'll be an opportunity because if, if, if the Falcons lose tomorrow night and then the Tampa wins, they gonna win the, they, they, they, so the division hold On. But we, we know, we, we know what's gonna happen. We know how that game's gonna turn out. We know how that game's gonna turn out. Unless for some God forsaken reason, we see a different Dallas Cowboys, you know, and the goddamn bucks lay a egg. I don't think, I don't think that's going to happen. Probably not. You know, especially with the way they're playing. That momentum is going to carry on into the next game. Somebody Said it was Farrah Faucet?


Yeah, I remember. Y'all ain't tell me it was Far. Faucet had them jeans on. I I used to, I used to talk to Farrah back in the day too. You Huh? She from Corby Christ. Yeah. Told you. Oh, when she was on that she had that, she had that red ba that red bikini on that poster. Yeah, that's that Just beat the Jags 32 27 Jet sna, the losing streak. Rogers 289 yards three touchdown as the Giants. The Giants, the Jets finally pull out a game in the fourth quarter. This was vintage Aaron Rogers, Devonte, Adam? Yeah. Devonte Again. He had back to back weeks in Florida.


What's the weather like right now in Florida? Okay. It's about, it was about, we got a little cold front, so it's about 75. What's the weather like in New York? Oh right. Hey, I'm so happy I'm out here now. Right boy. It's about 23, boy, boy. About 23 Now look at, look at, look at his game last week against Miami. The weather. Look at his, the game this week against Jacksonville, Aaron Rogers. He was 16 or 32 89. Three touchdowns. The only sack once. Devonte nine catchers a buck 98 second biggest re second best receiving day of his career. Two touchdowns, a 71 yard. He had nine targets.


Mac Jones. I don't know what Mac Jones was thinking on that last deception. I'm like, bro, whatcha doing? Do you not know the route? I, I guess it's around Ocho. If the, if the corner is on top of you, you pull up. If you're on top of him, you throw it Matt, you can see it. Right. Oh Lord. Hey, hold on, UNC. So you trying to say, nah, think about it. You think Aaron Rogers is playing better in hot weather cities as opposed to cold? Hell yeah. The man played in Green Bay all his life, man. Yeah. And look at him now. Look how he played in the Jet and look at the two warm weather game.


Right. He had. Right, Right. You think that's not, you don't think that's just a coincidence or you really think he just playing good in. Okay. I, I listen you, I I I You might be own something now. You might be owning something. Yes. Nah, I ain't have that poster with far on it. Man. Them poster cost money back then. Dollar $52. Man. I had channel shop, I had no money like that. And where was I gonna put it at? You gonna put it in the house? What? So you think my girl gonna put that bad? Stop playing. Ooh, Bad, bad Porter gonna have that thing. Stick it on that, stick it on that, that cinder block wall with, with Scotch tape?


No, I had to, wait, I gotta saw Savannah State to put them Jet Beauties on the wall. You remember the Jet Magazine? Boy, they Beauty, beauty of the week. But listen, what My wall was covered. Yeah. Hey, I I I, I never forget, boy, you know, you know back, back, back in my day, man, I had, I had dated by a few, you know, few of the Jet beauties of the week, bro. Yeah. They, I, you know what? Don't y'all always wanted me to jet Beauty? I ain't never met, met, no. Yeah, boy, shoot, I, I went on, I went on a date with about about four five of 'em, man, you know, because as A matter In the tell you where they from, you? Yes. And they tell you where they from.


I used to go, you know, you hit the Yellow Pages, you know, name, name, name and everything being there, man. Yeah. I be like, dang, I'm thinking about it. Nah, as a matter of fact, I think I might've met one person that that's ever been in the magazine. Who that who? I gotta find me a magazine. Do they, do they? Oh, hold on. I'm trying to think. Do they just, man, I ain't seen a magazine. So what, like what's the magazine now?


FHM, something like that. They still got, they still got magazines like that, Huh? Oh yeah. I, man, I ain't been to the Yeah, no, I, no, I ain't been to the man. I go to the grocery store. I'm trying to get in and out. I ain't going to no magazine now. Hey, matter of fact, hey listen, huh? With social media, you don't even need magazines no more. Unc, when you think about it, you don't need magazines no more. You Got a point there. You got a point though. Ocho you got a point now. You know what I'm saying? Ocho, now you hey, when you're right, you can't possibly be wrong. Good point.


Good point, good point. No, but no, but look O Joe, I'm watching this game and, and, and, and, and look, he, he, he missed a throw here. There. Yeah. But because normally Rogers is not going to be 16 or 30. Rogers is normally 22 or 30, but he got going. He and, and Devonte had that thing going today. And this is Devonte, this is, you know, he and Devonte, when Devonte was an all pro, becoming an all pro, Rogers was winning back to back MVPs. This is how this connection looked for 16 games.


Yeah. Not just a handful of games. Now do you think they can get back to just consistently though? I mean obviously we, at the end of the season, we at the end of the road, Are we go, hold on. Are they gonna, are they, are they gonna play, are they gonna play Jacksonville again? No. Oh, what about, what about your dolphins? You know your dolphins cook, right? Yeah. They, they don't, they don't want no smoke with us. I'm, I'm, I'm, I just think as long as the weather's warm, Hey, I'm telling you, I'm, I'm gonna tell you what's gonna happen. Now it takes, it takes a little small shores like today. They get, they get people excited that's in positions of power. Who can, who write the goddamn checks to bring somebody back.


Boy, you saw we was able to do today in the, in the second half. There ain't no reason why we shouldn't bring him back because he gives our best chance to win. I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know, you Know, but the Jets get a, but it's, it's over for you. Yeah. It's, it's over Four and 10 ain't going nowhere. Yes, it's over. It's


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products that Apple like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Game on, because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join Us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping Point designation. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


The Texas defeated the dolphins 20 to 12 to and throws leads to de boats getting stretched off the field. Ocho what are we gonna do about quarterback throwing balls like this? A man they throw they throwing ambulance Balls. Yeah, yeah. That, that, that, that, that, that play was unfortunate. It, it was unfortunate. I think, you know, UA plays very well on script, you know, on on with with on time and plays and you know, he see, he sees a read and he, he just lets it go. I don't think he plays well off script. You know, when, when the, when the timing of a play is disrupted, disrupted, you know, based on what he sees defensively.


It is, it's unfortunate. It's unfortunate. You never, I mean, listen, I'm not, I'm not a quarterback, but you never wanna see a player or your teammate, you know, laid out like that. Oh man. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's a bad thing. It's a bad feeling. And I can only imagine how tour felt. I thought. Yeah, I I thought that the, I mean, look, he went down, tour goes down and that really hurt them. But for whatever reason it's been, I mean it's, it, it's like killed all the chemistry. I mean, like Tua and Tyreek don't have any chemistry anymore. Waddle, waddle had two targets, no catches.


He's like, the only guy that he has a, a, a connection with is John U. Smith. And we thought, look, O-O-O-B-J got nicked up and they ended up releasing him. I just think injuries and age is just caught up with OO two ACL surgeries, ojo, broken leg. You're getting older. He's not gonna get the opportunity that he once did. I just, he he, he's not gonna be what he once was. And I think a lot if you were hoping that you were gonna see that Giants OBJ that ain't happening. But I thought had he not gotten injured in the Super Bowl ojo, I thought he was gonna be the MVP because if you look at what the way he was building up in the playoffs, he was cooking and the way he had started that he Was cooking.


Huh? Boy was cooking. Bam. But two was 29 or 41 96 3 interceptions. Ocho The Dolphins defense isn't good enough to overcome those kinds of mistakes from two of No, it's, And here's the the problem that he has. Ocho Ocho now one of those picks. Tyre gotta tyreek, you gotta come down with a ball, bro. You can't let the ball let the guy take the ball at your hand. Now he threw one to a, you know, you can't be laid on the out ball, man. He hit, he is stingy, bro.


Hey, stingy is the real deal, huh? Oh yeah, for sure. Stingy is the real deal. Yeah, but here's the thing, Ocho from what I can reduce, Because Tua doesn't have the strongest arm. Right. He has to throw with such great anticipation. It gets him in trouble a lot. Yeah. Because guys like, they know it. They know you can't drive, you can't drive the ball and you gotta let the ball go before you want to. And it's like, you know what, sometimes I just like, I just like could like, wish I could just stand behind the quarterback so I could see what he said.


So I could just tell him No, don't throw it there. You don't see that man. Oh, Joe, I really, I like you don't see that man between him and your guy, are you? What you going throw it through it? Yeah. Damn man. But the Texans win nine, five, they stay on top. The division one more win. They, they win the division. Right. If they win Saturday, they win the division because you know Bronco Country you saw we did Bronco country. Oh, you saw the Bengals, Bro. I know, I heard you. I'm just saying who they And Bottino Bottino.


You see him get that pick. They tried to run a little lateral on the, y'all can't do that. Don't try no flee flicking that I plate. Okay, we gonna pick it. Go 50. Y'all, y'all right. And then hit the Marshawn Lynch on y'all. Yeah. Y'all all right. You, you, you realize, you realize who y'all played today, right? The Cols. Okay. That ain't nothing to be like no. Be hooping and hollering about beating. I'm just I'm just saying You. No. Hey, hey you, hey Jonathan Taylor Ocho, what are these guys gonna stop dropping the ball a little before they cross the end line? Oh, Jonathan Taylor, who's he did too?


Who's an all pro? Yes. I ain't see that. I saw, I saw a buddy from the bat angles do it. Oh, hey, that, that excitement, huh? Ocho Jonathan Taylor's been an all pro. He was one of the highest paid running backs. What you mean the excitement? He's not a rookie. Yeah, you right, you right. Brock Purdy reportedly seeking a contract at the top of the quarterback market around 50 million A year. Whoa, whoa, whoa. He don't need to be talking about no contracts right now at all. But go ahead. All I know is I ain't getting him nowhere near no 50 million.


I'll give you one of them more. 35, 40 million. Hey, what you think you gonna say? What you think you gonna say to that? No. Okay. Play on, play on a, guess what? We'll put you on a, we'll put you on a, what you call it for two years. What Franchise? Ha Yes. Bet on the shelf like Kirk cousin then. Okay. Let him bet every, you always hear the story of everybody betting and coming up big. What about them snake eye stories. Oh, where they, where they don't where they lose. There's a reason why those windows don't open in Vegas. You notice that ocho you in the you in the casino. Don't none of them rooms open. Those windows don't open, do they?


Hey, You, you, you ever ask yourself, man, why these rules don't open? But I wanna give some fresh air Talk, talk talk your talk. Now You ain't finna take these way out. Talk your talk. But what I, hell no. Hey, well you know what? Hey uncle, they might be stuck. They might, they might have no choice but to pay Purdy. 'cause listen, you don't wanna pay Woody Worth or what the market says. He should be paid paid. Where else you going at the quarterback position? You have no one to replace them. I'm not paying him no. $50 million. You don't Have no choice. Yes you do got a choice. Listen, They had a choice not to pay Daniel Jones. What, what Tampa, what did Tampa play? Baker May 40 33. Ah, 43 years.


A hundred million. Okay. Okay. I see. I see what you're going with. I see. Oh, so you're saying he he should have a, a baker a a a Baker Mayfield type contract? Yes. Okay, okay. Okay. That Yeah. That's feasible. That's feasible. I'm not sure he's, he would even complain about that. He would. I'm not giving it no 50 million. That ain't happening, Joe. I don't know. That quarterback position is very, very, very, very important. And sometimes if you want it bad enough, you will overpay for it. Well, 49 ERs will not release Devon. Dre Campbell 49 ERs are pursuing a max suspension. So Campbell doesn't get paid since he is a vested player.


If they were to release him, he still gets the remainder on his contract. So if they suspend him, they get to withhold that. Now that's something they're gonna have to run by the league for the amount of time that they can suspend it. I'm thinking they're gonna say conduct detrimental. What is the framework for conduct detrimental. You see how they, you see how they trying to play with you? You see how Yeah, I would too. You think I Hold on. So you want them, you want them to release him and get and he still get paid. Yeah. That's one thing. I wish I might, That's one thing about it, boy, they, they, they wanna hit you where it hurt. They wanna hit you. Yeah. And take what they think you value most that money.


Hmm. Ojo, Drake. Greenlaw got Nick. He's the backup. So what did he do hit us? Where it hurt. We needed a body. He wouldn't go in the game. Fair. Fair. He was swap. Ain't no you hit me where it hurt. I hit you where it hurt. We both hurt. I Yes. I don't care if we both blind. Damn. I I i did he, did he come out and apologize or anything? Did he say anything? Did he talk to the team or, Man, I wanna hear what he gotta say. 'cause everybody talking about, well you don't know what that man was going through. So I just wanna know, was he going through it before the game or did it happen during the game? Oh, 'cause he, if he was going through something before the game, take your ass to Kyle Shanahan go to a a, a Lynch.


John Lynch, who's the general manager? Said manager here, man. Right. I got lo of my mind tonight. I got, you know my family, blah, blah, blah, X, y, and Z. He got mad because they activated Drake Greenlaw and he went from a starter to a backup. That's why he got mad. Hey, but Greenlaw the real deal. Boy, stop. But We gotta stop. Oh, Joe, we got to stop making excuses. We try to, we try to excuse everything that a person does. You don't know what he was going through. Wait, who, who, who tried to make that excuse for him? Everybody, you, you know. Oh Wait, hold on. If you in the middle of a fucking football game, don't nothing else matter what's going on on the outside because in between them lines, that's your outlet.


That's your sink to peace. Right. That's your job. What? So it so it just happened. So whatever he had going on, Ocho it just reared his ugly head when he put the pads on. And at the third quarter when Dre Greenlaw got hurt. So it didn't happen. It didn't happen before the game game. It not on the way to the stadium. He get a call, Hey, something's going on with the fam, blah, blah, blah. He didn't, it didn't happened. Once he got got to the stadium and an hour before the kickoff it happened, it just so happened he started going through something. The moment they needed him to step in the game for Dre Green Low, that's when he, that's when you don't know Shannon what he was going through. Right. Man, sh man, I ain't trying to hear, I ain't trying to hear all that, but whatever I'm going through, whatever I'm going through in life, I know once I walk in that stadium and I walk in that locker room, whatever I'm going through in life, it stays on the outside until the, until the game is over.


Once you make that decision, Ocho, once you make that decision that you show up, you gotta show out. Yeah. You can't Ocho Now if, like I said, if he has this going on before ocho, it just so happened. It's funny. Don't you find it funny, Ocho whatever he started going through, it happened the moment Drake Greenlaw went down and they needed him. Yeah, him. I like that. I like how you just put that, that was nice. Ah. Now I wonder had it been going, if Dre Greenlaw is inactive, I wonder if he's still going through that same thing. Not at all.


So I, the 49 ERs well are well within their Right. Right. To suspend them. And that's the whole thing, Ocho, I ain't got no problem if you got, if you working regular nine to five, you just cannot show up while I was going through something. Right. Call your supervisor, call your boss, let somebody know, man. I mean, OCHO hit me up. Hey, Ocho not gonna be able to make it today. He called me, he said he didn't have your number, but he wanted me to let you know that he had something going on at home. He had a personal issue that he gotta deal with. Right. He's sorry. He wasn't able to tell you. You just not gonna show up on the damn job, man. F that job, bro. There's a common dec there's a common courtesy that you, and I'm not saying people don't have things right, but you mean to tell me you don't have the common courtesy, the common dec decency to just call and say, Hey, I'm not gonna be able to come in today.


Right? Yeah. That's crazy work. Boy, that's crazy work. I I I just don't, I just don't get guy. Oh, so the Texans have clenched the A FC South. Hey, send the Broncos up. They did because we did it. We put foot in the Cols. They did? Yeah. We beat the brakes off. No, I'm talking about, I I didn't know they clenched though. Yeah, Because once, once we beat the, once the Broncos beat the Cols that gave them the division. That's alright.


An NFL executive described Kyle Pitts as one of the biggest disappointments I've ever scouted. He told Bob again, he also says Kyle Pitts is just going through the motions. He seems like he's almost disinterested based off the films, one of the biggest disappointments I've ever scouted. Some flashes, but rarely regularly involved in the offense. Seems to go through the motion. Almost disinterested, definitely a bust based on expectations and what they passed up broke on the scene. He was one of the, I think he was the second tight end in NFL history to, to go over 1000 yard receiving in his rookie season. Mike Dicker was the first one based on that.


And I thought he was sensational at Florida. Oh, he would, he he was Great at Florida. He could move like a receiver. Big. Yeah. Tremendous hands. Oh, he had, he had it all flies. Speed catch great hands, catch the ball in traffic. High point the ball. Great. Run after the catch. Listen, I, the the injury unc the knee injury, the A CLI think that that slowed it down a little bit. That's all. That's all, man. Listen, Kyle Pitts is phenomena and even now with a little limp and a little, a little injury, he's still a mismatched nightmare. I just think they don't know how to use him the right way where he is. You can't have someone that played listen on the line with his hand in the dirt.


He can, he can go, he can play in the slot, he can play a receiver, he can play, he can play all, he can do all these different things. And all of a sudden now he gets to Atlanta and you know, you have him playing a traditional tight end type role when there's so many other ways that you can use him offensively. You know, I mean they just not using him to the best of his abilities. Now, I could be wrong, I just know that injury, that injury has affected him a lot. I will conce this, Desmond Ritter, Tyler Heineke, hell, I don't know me, Gronk, Kellen Winslow second or Travis Kelsey would, could put up numbers with those guys, right?


So let's not, let's not pretend like he was with, you know, Patrick Mahomes or Joe Burrow, some of these other elite quarterbacks. He's not. But the one thing that you can do is that, like I said, I hadn't looked at it, but he said it looked like he's going through the mo motion. Excuse me. It doesn't seem like he's giving max effort right now. I get it. If you're probably, if you're frustrated Ocho, you're not getting, because you know, one game he gave a hundred and then hell he go two, three games Ocho, he might get like two or three Target. That's Again, that's, that's all on the play. Calling the creativity and allowing team to dictate whether you can get the ball or not.


And I, I hate offenses that are run like that. It's like I said, plus when he was with Arthur Smith, I thought that was the perfect situation. Arthur Smith loves the tight edge. Yeah. And I, and I think I, I think like his rookie, I said his rookie year, he was sensation. And we haven't, we haven't seen that since. I might have to get some, I might have to call and, and get some footage and some, some tapes and take a look for myself. I, I think there, I think there is some truth to it. I I but going through the motions, I mean no, nobody's actually going through the motions because it's actually on film.


You're not going through the motions. Maybe this exec, whoever this exec may be, is finding the reason to hate, I hate the execs that don't reveal who they, who they are. Hey Bro, I can't You see where he got shas? Yeah. When he attached, when he attached the, the agent's name to it. So won't nobody talk to him no more, Bro, you can't do that. That's why they tell you off the record. Right? You didn't hear from me. Okay. Okay. Put it, put phrase it however you wanna, but just make sure it doesn't come back to me.


Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. It ain't that complicated. My sources who your Don't worry about it. Yeah, sometimes I, well, these, these sources, it's 2020 in 2025. These sources need to stand 10 toes and let it be known. Forget the source it's coming from me. I'm the horse and I'm the mouth, Bro. I wanna keep my check. You think, hold on. Just to appease a a a player or a fan base. You think I'm gonna give up a 10 million job just to appease y'all? You Damn mind You not gonna do that. You crazy.


No chance. Yeah, No. All these where you think these stories come from, They always come from somewhere and there's always, it's always, it's always coming from inside the house. Huh? It's always coming from inside the house. Every time. All of a sudden, all of a sudden now. So how they know somebody was talking about a trade, right? Or that somebody might be interested in trading the, the heat might be interested in trading. Yeah. Jimmy, these stories just don't appear outta the blue Inside the house. Knock, knock, knock Travis. Hunter, where's the Heisman? Aston Gen says I should have walked away with it.


Internet is an uproar. Prime having to get Travis's fiance to stand, celebrate his win. Then she was filmed giving him attitude for taking pictures at a scheduled event. Yeah. Am I supposed to sit here all day? Oh, Hunter's relationship with his fiance has been under scrutiny since his college football career took off. Things seemed to have gotten people online with a couple of dead in the IG line where their fiance admitted she wasn't initially attracted to him. Fans took that situation to the next level when they assume she was annoyed by him in the clip of the interaction between the couple, which led many to believe she wasn't truly in love with him. Guys, everybody I think that's watching this show have probably been in a situation where they've had a parent that's told them, young woman or young guy, I don't want you to see that person.


And the more they tell you they don't want you to see that person, what do you do the more you try to go see him? Y'all done told a man, now the man went and got a fiance. Y'all keep talking to man. She's in the commercial. I get it. I get it. You don't want the man to be taken advantage of. Nobody does. And hopefully Coach Prime is able to say, bro, you will you love this woman, I'm happy for you. But just protect yourself, protect your wealth down the road. But y'all don't dictate anything. And the more y'all, y'all don't see it, the more, and I get it. Yeah. I would've thought she see everybody else standing, she's still sitting down.


I saw Coach Prime was hugging his mom and he asked her to stand up. Maybe she don't know what she don't know, right? But I just thought that, hey, I see everybody else take their hat off. Hell, I'm gonna take my hat off too. I see everybody else standing. I'm gonna stand. That's just me. Ocho I'm not saying everybody. And sometimes the mistake that we make is that we think everybody sees things as we do. Yeah, yeah. But guys, y'all gotta let the man make his mistakes. He'll figure it out hopefully sooner than later. But he loves this woman. This is not an act. And y'all not gonna, if y'all think y'all talking about the man, he told y'all he does stuff now to tick y'all off.


He told you that. So the more y'all try to pull him apart, all it does is drive him closer together. Game on.


Because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the best ities with the Spurs and Nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew stirring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot


edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Make holiday gifting stress free with guardian bikes with guaranteed one to two day shipping for just $29 you can trust Your gift will arrive in time to create magical memories this holiday season. Plus, sign up for their newsletter to receive a free bike log and pub with your first purchase, the perfect stocking stuffer for any kid on your list. Visit guardian bikes.com to secure the ultimate holiday gift today. Happy riding.


Look, I want the young man to be happy. I know a God is doing the same thing. I ain't gonna let y'all, that's why I have my dog at the dinner table. Y'all ain't fitting to run it over here. And guess what, I bought me some LI bought some Lulu Lemon and Aloe. That's a size smaller than what I normally get. Okay? And I'm gonna, because y'all don't run nothing but y'all mouth. Y'all try to run every, y'all worried about that man relationship. And I guarantee you 75% of you got fd up relationships. Yeah. Matter of fact, Y'all worried about so, oh, Joe, I just read a study. A lot of women get divorced only to be involved with a married man. Make it make sense On Hold on, Stop trying to tell people what to do, guys.


I want Travis Hunter to do the best that he possibly can. I want him to be smart and he's about to come into more money than he ever dreamed of. More than he ever dreamed of. And I want him to protect himself. But guys, y'all can't try to guilt this man and talking about, oh, she, we all done been some, been with somebody that initially wasn't attracted to us. Whatever the reasons may be. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Let's, let's sim it down. Let's, let's, let's, let's come back. Come back down there. Because I'm a sex symbol. You hear me Ocho You are everybody.


But I guarantee you there are some women that if you were not Ocho cinco, you did not play with the Bengals. You did not make millions, you couldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. I know that. You know that. Whoa. Lemme finish. Okay, lemme finish now. Okay, now for one, when I get a haircut, I'm a different, I'm a different dude. I'm different Now or in high school. Oh, in high school. Even now. Even now too. Okay. Before how, how your Before I had money. Yeah. Oh yeah. Hey, I, exactly, exactly. Hey, I I, I had him, I had 'em when I, you know, I ain't had I won, you know, I had a little, I had a little, you know, fitted alls on me.


That's about it. You had what Ocho get. Yeah. But once OCHO started making money, guess what the level of le lady that he dealt with increased. Also. That lady wouldn't talk to you with the little $50 in your pocket. Now you got 55 in your pocket. Now you driving, you living on a big crib in Miami Now you able to go places? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's be, I keep it one file with y'all. Y'all know how it's, and I'm cool. Look, I understand, but I'm saying is that sometimes you've got to bump your own head to realize how much it hurts. I can't tell you Ocho OCHO can't tell you.


Your mom or dad can't tell you that. If you bump your head on that pole. It's gonna hurt. You gotta bump your own damn head. Now, if y'all don't believe this man, care about this woman. The man is in college and he already proposed to her his first commercial. Michael Jordan never put his wife, LeBron. Never. Kobe never put, she's in his first natural spot, huh? Adidas? She's in the spot. That's not an accident. Hey, That's not an accident. Ojo. When you, when you ain't, you supposed to put your people on.


Huh? Ain't you supposed to put put your people on? That's, that's, you know, you know. Yeah. You're supposed to put, when you're dating somebody, you're supposed to put 'em in position, you know, like that's what, that's what you're supposed to do, huh? Oh, Joe, let's get the elephant in the room. You know the elephant in the room Is, wait, what? It's what? It's Tammy. You know The elephant In the meal? Tammy. Tammy? Because I don't even know, I don't even know What Kendrick say. Not like us. Oh, not like us. Oh, They, oh, they worry about that. Okay, okay, okay, okay. So there wouldn't be no elephant in the room if it was one of us. Okay.


I don't believe I see, I see what you're saying. But they don't ever be happy. No. No matter what. Huh? No matter what. If, if it, if it was one of us, then the, the problem or the issues online would be something else. It would be a Help. What, what is it about her? She been, I don't like, I don't, I don't like the way she dress. She too short. Why you with that fat girl? It'll always be something either way. That's just, that's just us, unc you know how we, we nitpick at any and everything, whether it be ethnicity, whether it be color, whether it be height, whether it be weight. It just, it is always something. If you ocho, man. Why you I like who like me. Right? I like who like me.


Right. I ain't trying to convince you and trace you down and tie you down. Oh. Why you don't like me, bro? Not, not in today's time. Mm. Why, Why do you even care, Ocho? I don't care. And look here, I don't care if the man married a goat because you know, you know why Ocho, that ain't got nothing to do with me. I ain't gotta feed it. I ain't gotta tend to it. I ain't gotta pick up after it.


So why? I mean, what I, I, I never understood. I don't, you know, how did, I don't have to ocho, my grandma used to always say, I don't have to see what you see in that person because I don't have to be with him. Because that the quick, they quick to say, I don't see what she see in him. I don't see what he see in her. You don't have to, you're not with him. Yeah. Yeah. I wonder, I wonder too. I'm wonder if anybody ever, If you like him, I love him. Yeah, man. What you think? Ask me all the time what you think about this, what you think of, what you think about your look here. When Kiara said, daddy, I wanna get married.


I sat him down. I said, you sure bro? I said, you fairly young? He said, yeah. He like, daddy, we've been together. Only second girlfriend. Okay. Right, right, Right, right, right. What you I said key. Same thing I told his mama. I said, if he like her, I love him. I said, that's the man they gotta spend. He knows her. I just want what's best for my son. Right. She treat my son good. I'm, I'm Gucci. Yeah, it is. I've been the guy that you know age. She leave that girl alone, man. Please. First chance I get Shannon there. Hey, real talk.


Shannon is there. And the more they tried to tell me not to, the more I wanted to. And the more her parents told her to leave me alone, the more, Hey, Hey. Well you shut out. I'm just telling like it's, yeah. Listen, I I've been there. I've been there before. I've been there before. Yeah. I, I was the poster child for, that is not the one you wanna bring home to me. I was the poster child for that. I, I ain't been saying lie, you know, but I was fun. I was fun. I'm unpredictable. Huh? You hear me?


I'm exci I'm exciting, you know, and you know, it just, it it is what it is. Yeah. It wasn't like, it's not like, well, you know, if he wasn't with her, he would be with me and they quit. And the thing is, now y'all don't need to worry about OA pockets. Shaa gonna be good. Yeah. If Shaa wanted, if Shaa wanted to date a hundred women at a time, bank accounts still gonna be fly. Don't worry about oshaa. Y'all call it what you wanna, y'all don't, once y'all realize all that name, call it all that stuff, Travis, this and Travis dad and Shannon ocho out, whatever.


Yeah. I'm just trying to figure out what ups, why does it upset you guys so much? Who's Travis with this or that? Why does it upset? Just tell me why. Right. Tell me what you get. Tell me what Bill that Travis was gonna pay for you. That he's with her now. That's not gonna get paid. Tell me the car that you were gonna get, but now you're not gonna get, because Travis is with her. Yeah. That's a, the life we live in tomorrow. The only thing I would tell him, say bro, protect yourself because love today might not be love tomorrow.


And when people get angry, now when people get angry, right, You get to see them. You get to see them. True colors. Right. I'm hurt, I'm gonna hit you. Wear it hurt. See Them true colors. That's it. That's the only thing I would tell them, bro. If that's who you love, be with who you love. That's the only, that's the only thing I would tell him. Mocho just protect yourself. But sometimes you get, sometimes mocho, we had to find our stuff on our own. Yeah. Yeah. We can't protect, we cannot protect our kids and our friends from everything. Yeah. We try.


I try to tell, I try, I I try to give my daughters a, a a a a view, but not only a male, not only a father. Yeah. But a professional athlete. Yes, sir. Now a guy that's in the media. So I try to give it to my daughters. Two dif three different ways. I'm your dad first and foremost. That's what I care about. But lemme tell you what a, when a guy says this, what he's actually thinking. Right. Lemme tell you this. Let me tell you. X let me tell you why. Now do with that what you make at the end of the day, my kid grown in their thirties. Right? What? Hell I'm hell, they ain't really wanna listen to me when they teenagers. What, what they gonna do now?


What, what I do now? Put them on punishment. You right. They live on their own anyway. They pay their own bills anyway. Yeah. Show the Best Cities for Dating was remains Miami the best city for dating a TL Georgia. What can they do? A TL number one? Yes. It's number one. Las Vegas, Nevada. Vegas. Okay. Okay. Number three is Seattle, Washington number four. It's Pittsburgh. Number five is Tampa, Florida.


Pittsburgh number six is Portland, Oregon. Madison, Wisconsin. Wisconsin. Cincinnati, Ohio. Where? Cincinnati, Ohio. Nah, I just had speed on speed said them girls tools infused. Nah, speed. Don't know what you talking about. Speed on. What you talking about? Denver, Colorado, Austin, Texas. Okay. Okay. I I The worst states the worst place for dating Jackson, Mississippi. Dad, what's wrong? What's wrong? York, Yonkers, Mississippi. I guess it's the worst place for dating Grand Prairie, Texas. Okay. Warwick, Rhode Island. Alah, Florida. Alah.


Glendale, California. Columbia, Maryland, Brownsville, Texas. Port Lucy, Florida and Pearl City Hawaii. I Don't lie. I don't like this list. I don't like this List. Yeah. I don't know. I Houston to make this list. Yeah, Listen. The the, the funny thing about it, forget, forget the list. Depending on what you want and what you're searching for, you can actually find it anywhere. You can find it anywhere. No matter where you are, you know, it doesn't matter. You can be under rock. You'll be able to find something you like and something that you can, you can deal with and chill with. You could be on motherfucking Mars. You can find something you like and something you could chill with. Yeah. It just doesn't matter where you at and just your, your chances and creep. Man, sit your philosophical ass down.


Y'all do what? Man? We having us a good old time, but man, this ain't done kill my buzz. What I'm just saying. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm, I'm just saying, you know, I, I've been able to be anywhere and just, and, and you know, But hey Chad, lemme tell you little so you know, he feeling real good by himself. So, you know, they happened. You know, I was earlier before we got on, my niece was on the phone and you know, he was, he was happy. You know, so, you know, that's what it is. So y'all forgive him? Nah, I'm just, I'm just breaking, I'm just breaking things down for you a little bit. You know, most everybody in the chat is younger than me. No, I'm, I'm 56. I'm, Hey, re re watching.


Rel said she was gonna be watching tonight and she's talking. He gonna see you Smile Chad. I wish y'all could, I shoulda have filmed it. I shoulda had Jordan filming it and then played it back. Yo, Ocho, why you filming? Why you all smiling like that? I, I don't, I don't, I don't recall when this happened. I, I'm just asking, I'm just trying to talk about the, the, the, the states that you were talking about. Hey, that's your Hey Chad. He had the phone. He, Hey. Oh, guess who it's, look who? It's right there. My baby. My baby on the phone. My, oh, I did that. Yeah, you did that. I, I I don't recall. I, I, I don't recall.


That was The night. Alright, look down. Look down at your phone. You probably said stop playing with me. Ocho. No, she called you Chad. Stop playing with me Chad. Nah, I'm, nah, that, that, that, I, I don't, I don't recall. I mean, honestly, it it, it is after 12 o'clock too. I, I I don't remember nothing like that. I remember nothing happened yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. But he Chad, he happy. He happy and we glad have it back. We have like the last month and a half. We had Chad, we got Ocho back. Snitches stitches, huh?


No, I mean, I mean the Chad, I mean the Chad. Happy Chad. Y'all can tell Kenny, y'all can tell he happy aint Well, I, I'm, I'm always happy uncle. I'm, I'm the same. I'm, I'm the same energetic self always. You know, Chad Always, I mean, I mean, I mean Lit. Chad has, has Ocho been, has Ocho been himself? Yes, Absolutely. I have a job. I have a job to do. I ask you the chat and are you the champ? Your name Chad, The chat doesn't matter. I'm telling you about me. I got a job to do. When it, when it, when it, when I come on here and it's time to work. I'm, I'm here. I told you, I've told you. I'm like a horse at the Kentucky Derby. Now I got my blinders on. Yeah. I'm focused. Yeah. Yeah. Man, shit. Yeah.


Chad say no, but anyway, he got, they say you, they say you look like you glowed Up. Yeah. Blowing it up. 'cause I got on makeup from goddamn just, I just come out the show. I know why you glowed up. I'm good man. I'm, I'm, Hey ain't Yeah. You know, when somebody get that phone, he all close to it too. Yeah. Hey, how you doing? Hey, you talking about my baby? Too much information, don't you? I'm just trying to figure out what you're talking about. I don't remember. I I'm trying to figure out when this happened. Yeah, you, they say you, they say like the last month and a half, two months say you've been acting unusual. The only thing I listen, unusual.


I've been working, I got 57, 11 30, 11 jobs. So that's only, that's, that's been my focus, you know, getting, getting to this bag. You feel me? You hear me? I don't really, I don't really, I don't really show it, but I can't wait to see. I can't, I, I ain't waiting. Don't worry about it. I can't wait to see real ig to see what she give a cri From who Santa ain't got. Oh, you got it. Oh, you got it. Ain. Got It bro. Yeah, I ain't got it. Yeah, I ain't got it bro.


I ain't got shit, shit looking rough, bro. Send, send, send as a a, a text re the color and I'm, I've Mentioned it to Ocho


Game on because EPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with EPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping Point designation at this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IO OT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Make holiday gifting stress-free with guardian bikes with guaranteed one to two day shipping for just $29 you can trust your gift will arrive in time to create magical memories this holiday season. Plus, sign up for their newsletter to receive a free bike log and pub with your first purchase, the perfect stocking stuffer for any kid on your list. Visit guardian bikes.com to secure the ultimate holiday gift today. Happy riding.


Now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for Q and Spider Claw said this for Travis Hunter. It wasn't a dry eye in the house, it wasn't a dry eye in America. I don't cry much, but man, I cried for this young man. It was, I mean look, the, the, the, the love that he showed Coach Prime because he said Coach Prime was the one that believed in him and said that, you know, I could play both sides of the ball and Prime treated him like his own son. He's always looked out after me like, you know, he trusted, he's trusted Coach Prime because a talent like this, the likelihood of you getting the number one overall college high school player to come to an HBCU is not very good.


Not at all. And then he followed, he trusted him so much when he left. He could have went to a lot of, there are a lot of D one schools that had the bag for him. He says, no, I believe in Coach Prime. Coach Prime. I follow Coach Prime to J State. I'm gonna follow him to see you. And it's more the nobody in the history of college won more awards in a season than what this young man did this year. He won the biletnikoff. He urky he won. No, he wasn't the Nerrick. He won the Ronnie Lott. He won the Heisman. He was, he he won it all. And, and, and and you can tell, you can tell he's such a humble kid.


Yeah. He wants to do the right thing. Yes, he's green. Yes, he's young. We were all young. We were all green. We all made mistakes. But it's hard not to root for the kid. It, it really is. And I know, look, I know people like Gente should have won and he have said the Gente, you know, look, I, and look, we've seen guys have Russian seasons like this we've never seen and we might not ever see a guy do what he's been able to do on both sides of the ball at the level in which he's done it. Yeah. I'm not take snaps out of it. People are like, snaps is not a snap. Do you believe, have you ever seen anybody in your lifetime?


I'm talking about somebody 50 or younger. So I'm gonna say between the ages of 50 and 35. Have you ever seen somebody at the collegiate level play at the level in which you played this year? No. I don't believe you can say you can. No. And that's why he won the award. So I'm happy for him. I'm happy for his family. It was, it was, it was great. His speech was great. Well deserved, well deserved. Peter said Tcho, settle this with settle this settle with you or money jump funny.


Next time you have to eat a jar of black licorice during the show, Black licorice. Hell nah bro. Who drink? Well black. What you, I don't even know you buy black licorice at. Nah, I don't either. I don't like I ain't think Yeah, I don't do that bro. But I tell you one thing, I rather eat black licorice than candy Corn. Yeah. Damn. Wax Candy corn You eat, you like candy corn? Yeah boy, you tripping. Nah, nobody with old people. Listen, he can't, I can't do no black licorice. Nah, I can't do no black licorice. You put some goddamn candy corn boy, talk to me.


Absolutely. Yeah, we saw Barry Raccoon. But you won't eat candy corn. No, I sure won't. You eat, you eat pig feet, but you won't, you won't. I I'm, I'm gonna leave it alone. You know it. Yeah. And you and you eat boot, but you won't eat black licorice. One of coming out the They both black now. Nah, that, That was the old me. That was the old They, they ain't you no more. Nah, nah. Ever since, ever since I've been on this journey and every everything like I see, I see things so much more clearer now, now that, now that sex isn't a distraction.


Wow. I'm proud of you man. Yeah, Yeah. I'm proud of that journey. Yeah. Yeah. I I, to me it's a beautiful thing. It's, it is a beautiful thing. I honestly, I thought I didn't have the discipline. Oh shit. I thought I ain't had the discipline to do it and I've been on point. I'm proud of yo. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm proud of me too. You know I'm making strides. Brian. Is it? What's up? Go live. Tough loss. Hard to beat the MVP quarterback when your quarterback won. And for lead game early time to get up and get ready to work the Bears next.


I still believe we beat most teams tonight. Yeah I do. Yeah. Absolutely. How many Qua? There are only probably a handful of quarterbacks. There are probably only one other quarterback Lamar Jackson that could have done what, what Josh Allen did tonight. What? Lamar That's it. Yeah. So you happen to play against one of the two quarterbacks that could have done that Of all the quarterbacks that's currently in the league. He, you got the other one? I sure something I can tell about your but they got the other one that could do it. Frank Tank 9 21. Hey uncle. No, love the show. What did the chiefs do with their receivers after the season?


Ben from Houston? I hope they keep D Hop. I wanna see him on the winning team. Well, Rasheed Rice got gone for the season now. I guess Hollywood Brown was supposed to return to practice. We'll see how that goes. But it's tough. Ocho you know, it's tied, it's tough to pick up the speed of the game this late season. Yeah, It's, It's Bad. I I They but they need, they, it doesn't matter receivers. The receivers can be open but if you ain't got no time to throw it to them. Yeah, that offensive line is a seal. It's bad Unc It's, It's very bad. Yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't, man. I mean I don't even think there's a way to, it's not a way to fix it.


Now if you have a bad left tackle, if you have a bad Right, tackle that. Sometimes you could hide it. Sometimes you could slide protection. S slap left flat. Right. Yeah. Use your back, use your tight end, you know, know have 'em chip on like it's it, you can't hide everybody. Unc you can't hide everybody like it's bad Jayna. He'll say. What do you think of the, what do you think the Broncos in bold necks defense? I'm scared we watching ready for the playoffs. Well, you can't throw, well I think he just, I think he just handed Jalen Daniels the MVP with those three turnover he had today.


I think that's what he did do. He's played, you know they, they, the defense was outstanding today. But you playing any other team, you'll probably get beat. Can't turn the ball over three times and expect to win. You turn the ball over three times and Taylor let a touchdown go. Ended up being a touchdown toback. So he's definitely gonna have to tighten that up. Need to get another win in order to get their playoff spot. FLBA say would you rather have four catches, a hundred yards of a touchdown or 10 catches a hundred yards? Get, lemme ask you a question. Do win. Did we win? Because all this four catches a hundred yards. 10 catches a hundred yards. We don't win. I ain't got nothing.


They ain't got, I mean how did that help? Shoot, I don't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't play fantasy ocho. I never, I didn't Play it either, but I, I want four. I won 4, 4, 4 catches. Oh, you like that 25 yards of catch up. That mean you got something deep, deep. I mean you 50 Yard one of them. Woo. Thank you. Bless you. J 2 1 3 said Hey unc ocho. I hope all y'all hope all is well. Keep doing what you're doing. Which one of UNCs millions of saying best describe both respectively, man, I'm trying to think which one best describes Ocho.


What a, I don't care who tell it But I don't be lying though. Ocho you ain't never had no hair. I had hair in high school. I had a mohawk in the NFL. What you mean? I ain't never had no hair. That was your second year in the league. You had no mo. That was year five. Huh? That's all. But that hair is the thing. That was the only spot your hair would grow in. If the mohawk right down the middle. I can grow a hair full of hair. I just choose not to because I don't like the maintenance. No, you be like a chia pet. You won't grow no hair. Me. Never mistake hard work for habit or habit for hard work because that's the thing people think because they do something over and over o show they're working hard.


That's a good one. I like that. No, that's a habit. I like that. Going to the gym. People go to the gym every day. Man, I go to the gym every day. You look the same as three years ago, five years ago, six years ago. That's A good one. So you going to the gym outta habit because you hadn't changed anything. You ain't working hard. Mm hell Killer K tt UNC chan love, love you guys. And boys was having a debate about who have a better backyard barbecue. I voted unc because I know UNC coming with the good drink and trees be smoke smokes ribs. Who y'all got Me? Hold on.


You think you have a better like a cookout or something? Yes. Yes. I don't, I don't think so. Huh? Ocho? I don't think so. You got, you can't have a cookout unless you got somebody that's gonna be able to tell the stories. Whatcha Talking about could tell Stories. Better story to me. I got, okay, I got stories for days. The problem is You ain't gonna be able to tell those story. Carrell gonna be there. Listen, I can't tell some of my stories because some of the stories based on on my hip like it ain't gonna fly. That's what I'm trying to tell you. So they know she gonna be posted up. So you gonna be pg Understand.


Gonna be all fellas. So my story's gonna be able to fly. You can't have no cook out. No. All What? You, you want women now what kind Cook At you got you want women now It's a cookout. Yeah. Women, women be in the way though. I had never gone to a cookout where it's just all guys and I hope I don't ever go to one. So when you go to the Dr, you go you, you take, you take, you take hold on. When you go to the Dr you take women with you? Huh? You go to the dr. You take women with you? I ain't go, I ain't, I ain't been Yet. Okay. Oh, when we going Been, I ain't, Hey, where we going? You know, birth we Here.


Okay. Okay. I got my pa I got my passport. Now I'm ready. We Good? Good now? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Good now. Yeah. It took a little, took a little minute and got it together. Big boy to says who tried to come to my Super Bowl party. I'm gonna have burnt in buffalo wings, seafood, gumbo, mac and cheese, ribeye steak and a lifetime supply. Mods. Mods Say mods Modelos. I don't drink. No, I don't drink no beer. So like, hey, I thought hey, I thought it was like them old dudes. You ever had old dudes on Joe?


Not the alcoholic beer. Yeah. Nah, You know I play with that stuff, right? It's not alcohol. The fact that it's supposed to be beer. No. Okay. You ain't never drank a beer. Uhuh. I've never had alcohol. That would be, that would be me having alcohol. Oh yeah. The burnt ends. I'm good. Buffalo wings. Yeah. Gumbo. Nah. Miss me with that. Are you, are you, is the bacon, mac and cheese, is it baked or you gonna have it creamy? I like the ribeye bone in and lifetime supply of Modelo Man ain't, oh hey, the supply of models.


You Theo, Mor, Dr. Frankie Belman said Congratulations on being nominated for two sports podcast awards. You know, you got my votes. More to come. Doc, thank you very much. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Just make sure you in New Orleans, that's what we need to have happen in, in in New Orleans. Need to see you there because you've kind of been everywhere that we've been. You came to New Vegas, you came to Atlanta and so we know you're gonna be in New Orleans. So thank you very much Doc. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Appreciate you Doc Doc's always support and I mean she was the one that gave us the idea for the T-shirts. Oh, show Remember had t-shirts in Vegas. Oh yeah. Hell yeah.


Yeah. Guys, that concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you for joining us. Y'all know me. I'm your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp. He is Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree. He's happy Bingos finally won a game. Yeah, two games. We won two games and we gonna win out. You won two games. Sorry. Bingo. Ringle, Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please hit that love y'all subscribe button. Please hit that like button and make sure you go subscribe to the Madcalf podcast feed. And we thank you for your continued support. Please check out Shea by La Porter.


We have it in stock. Holidays are upon us. And what better way to celebrate than what A bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now we have it in and if you order it by December 18th, we can ensure that you'll get it by the before the end of the year so you can celebrate New Year's and please Drake responsibly go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. The new releases just got dropped. New shirts, sweats. We had stocking stuffers such as beanies, cos and mugs. Quantities are limited so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote for us. The link is in the chat and pinned on our social pages and and all our social bios. What we got, the packer moved to 10 and four, they beat the Seahawks 30 to 13. Josh Allen was Superman today. He scored, he threw for over 300 yards, 360 yards, rushed for over 60 yards and had four total touchdowns. Two on the ground two through the air to offset the big day by Josh Jerry Goff, who had five total touchdowns and over 500 yards.


But it wasn't enough. As the Bills win 48 to 42, what else happened today? The Eagles, the be the Beng seven 13. That's what happened today. The Bengals won the Eagles stymie. The the Eagles stymie the Steelers and they win 27 13 2 receivers. Both Devonte Smith and AJ Brown goes over 100 yards as they completely dominate the Pittsburgh Steelers. Patrick Mahomes sprained an ankle but they win 23 to 13. 2313 over the Cleveland Browns Cowboys go on the road and dismantle the Carolina Panthers.


30 to 14 most complete game the Cowboys have played to date defense was sensational. Cooper Rush, his first three touchdown passing day and Rico Ell had 149 yards on 29 Carries the Ravens beat the Giants 35 14 Lamar Jackson, Tyler career high with five teeny passes, five touchdown passes and he had fewer than five in completions as they completely dominated the Giants. 35 14, the Bengals beat the Tennessee Titans. 37 27 Joe Burrow, 271 yards, three touchdowns. But he did have two picks. But still it wasn't enough for the Titans, Joe Burrow and the Bengals.


37 27. As they the playoffs is done, the bucks defeat the Chargers. 40 17, the Bucks rack up 505 total yards as Mike Evans has 159 yards and gives him a chance. He needs to average 84 yards a game. Ocho the last three games to keep his consecutive thousand yards seasons alive. Jets beat the Jags with a vintage. Aaron Rogers and Devonte Adams. Rogers passed for 289 yards, three touchdowns and Devonte had nine catches. A buck 98 in two touches. The Houston, Texas clinched the division by beating the Miami Dolphins. 20 to 12 and the Broncos beating the Indianapolis Colts gives the Houston Texas division.


Travis Hunter wins the Heisman and that's it. Ocho, tomorrow after Monday Night Football, we have two games tomorrow. Minnesota Vikings play. Who the Vikings play Know the Falcons Play. Who is the Falcons Bears play? The Vikings Bears Play. The Vikings and the Falcons Play. Play the Raiders. So we'll see you guys tomorrow after Monday Night Football. It is a double header. Raiders and Falcons. Bears and Vikings. Falcons and Raiders. Huh? The Raiders and Falcons. That's nasty work boy. Yeah. You gotta love football to watch that with Ocho.


And we do. So we, we gotta watch it. Thank you guys for watching. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night after Thur after Monday Night Football. Thank you. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason de Mez here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays, breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Happy Holidays from me, Michael Rappaport. And my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the Im Rap Report stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast.