
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SNH u.edu today to get started.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like here in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


This is John Middle Cough from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


Coming Soon to Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We Have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill For afoot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. Ki thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. The clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I no can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th, The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. You watch the Dolphins take down in a sloppy game that kind of got interesting, but it was sloppy with a lot of turnovers early in the ball game. But the dolphins do get on the winning track. Move to three and six with a 2315 victory over the LA Rams. The Rams fall to four and five. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite. You know, bingo ring of Fame, honoree legend there. The pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho. That's me. Make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank you guys because every subscriber counts.


Every subscriber matters. And we thank you for mattering because without you, there is no us. And we thank you. We greatly appreciate your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock. We have a surplus because we knew the holidays were coming. If you can't find any city or a state near you, just order it off the site. And as I mentioned with the holidays, Thanksgiving, Christmas, new Year, we wanna make sure you have a very festive heading into 2025. What better way to celebrate than with Shea by La Porter. And again, thank you for your support. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


We had a a release last month. I was held when I was well. T-shirts. Yeah, I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Drop off on a T-shirt. That's me. That me. That's me. Black Nightcap hoodie. And by popular man. Thank you guys. Like hey. Oh why don't y'all put stay with me now on a hoodie and now you have it. And of course our bestsellers are the UNC and OCHO tees. Yeah, this right here. This right Here. That's us. We got that. And a lot of requests ocho, we got that. A lot of requests for that in a black. So now the UNC and OCHO tee is in a black and not the gray that we see right there. We still have it in the gray, but we also have it in the black. Yeah. Yeah, we dropped that last week.


Quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Hey, the holidays are right around the corners. And because we want to honor those that have served serve before and continue to serve, use co veterans 20 or 20% off. Again the veterans, we appreciate your support. We appreciate what you've done for this country serving domestically and abroad, those that have served, those that currently serve men and women. We appreciate you. We applaud you. We realize that you don't get the credit that you rightfully deserve. But here at Nightcap we want you to know that you are appreciated and we thank you for your service and your continued service.


So if you use Code Veterans 20, you get 20% off. That is until tomorrow. So thank you guys again for your continued support and we greatly appreciate not only our night count loyal listeners and followers, but the veterans, the men and women that served or that are currently serving both domestically and abroad. We greatly appreciate you. Again, as I mentioned earlier at the top, oh show the dolphins defeat the rounds by the score of 23 to 15. Tour was 20 of 28, 2 0 7, 1 touchdown won an deception. They ran the ball 22 times for six, seven yards. Not a whole lot, but Tua did just enough.


Three sacks, one turnover. Matthew Stafford was 32 or 46, 2 93. No touchdowns. No they didn't score. They kicked five field goals. They missed one. He had one interception got sacked four times. pko had nine catchers for 98. Cooper Cub had seven for 80, but none of them got the ball into the end zone. And what it was three possessions back to back to back to back where the dolphins turn it over and then the Rams turn it over and then the dolphins turn it over again. So with that being, yeah, I think that's how it went. But it was three consecutive possessions in which the turnover occurred. But ocho, the dolphins get on the get the win. Yep. By the score of 23 to 15 over the Rams.


They do it on the road. They move to three and six. Yeah. So now with seven games to go Two, What do you like? What do you think the chances are? The dolphins go on a stretch here, win some games and get into the playoffs. I mean listen, they, in order for the dolphins to go on a stretch, two is gonna have to play perfect. He gonna have to protect the ball, not throw any interceptions. And Mike Enos had to get that passing game going the way it was going last year. Every game, Tyreek Hill was hitting his head off the goal post. They was putting Tyreek in position to make plays. They gotta get the ball to waddle. They need a third person who I would say was Odell Beckham. They need to find a way to integrate him into the game plan as well.


Because for one, if you're gonna double, if you're gonna double goddamn tyreek you going, you gonna single up or, or sometimes depending on what Defense Defense they play, they gonna double up goddamn Waller as well. They gotta find a way to add Odell Beckham as the threat to the passing game to open things up a little bit more for the run game. Most of them eight chan, they, they was okay tonight, still not enough. If you want to go on seven game win streak in the next nine games, the chances of 'em actually doing it is very Difficult. No, they got seven games. No, they gotta win seven and six. They gotta win seven of the last nine though. Unc, in order to make the guy No, No, no, no. They, they can't win seven of the nine 'cause there's not nine games left. Wait, What? What? Oh, it's Monday. There's only seven games left. What, What week is this?


Week? Nine. No, unc, There's three and six. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well if my math serve me right. Alright. Right. So that's not three plus six is nine that you right. You right. They got eight games. Actually they got eight. So 17 games, they got eight games left. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. So they gotta, they gotta win. Damn. They need Seven of the last eight. Nah, Ocho I think the question is Yeah, Now if they get in, that means you might, because are they gonna be three teams from the NFC North? 'cause it, it might come down to them in Cincinnati because we, I think you and I both believe Baltimore and Steelers are gonna get in.


Oh yeah. Most one will win the division. The other will be the probably the top wild card, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You got Kansas City. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And you probably gonna, you're gonna have, looks like it's gonna be Houston. So if you got, if you got Baltimore, Cincinnati. Yeah. You got Kansas City. Yeah, you got Houston. So you do and Buffalo. That's five, right? You only got two spots left. Hold on. You left off the Steelers. Huh? You didn't even say Pittsburgh? No, I said one of those will win the division. Okay. Okay. And the other will be the top wild card. Okay. Okay. That's Two Right? Buffalo three Kansas City four. Yes sir. Houston five. Right. Okay. You got Cincinnati. You got Cincinnati, Miami, Denver.


Yeah, Denver. What you, what you threw them in there for? Because Denver is four. Is is what, what's their record? Five and four. Four and four. The Broncos are five and four. Hey, listen, listen, listen. The Broncos are, see the Broncos are five and five Ocho. Listen. I know, I know. They at 500. I know. Listen, listen. Ain't the Make-A-Wish foundation. The Broncos ain't going nowhere. The Bronco, listen, You do realize they are two games clear of the Dolphins in the win column two. You do understand it's, it's, they take the snap of a fingers for the dolphins that look like the Dolphins are old and they turn that thing around and go and go on a run. We can't compare the goddamn Denver Broncos dolphins.


But, but, but hold on. But you comparing the dolphins of the dolphins of old that can just snap a finger and get on the road. So what are you doing? I, That's the only reason they don't look right offensively and Tyreek and Waddles numbers are down this year is 'cause tool was out. That's the only reason. So what's the likelihood of a tool? You, you, you count on two, you willing to bet any amount of money that tool's gonna stay healthy the rest of the year? Of course. Okay. What whatcha You talking about? Okay, he already missed. What has history shown you? He missed four, five games. What has history shown you with Tua? History Has shown you that he's gotten hurt. He didn't get hurt all last year, remember? Okay, but what the year before, what happened? Okay. Yeah. He got fucked up that year And the year before that Bullshit. But, but again, the run with the Mark Haman hit him.


Listen, I guarantee you he knows how to slide now, I guarantee you that. But he was holding onto the ball a lot. He took some, he took some hits tonight. Ocho. Yeah. Too long. He can't be, he gotta get rid of the ball. Yeah, You gotta get rid of the ball. But obviously sometimes you have to keep your poison in the pocket. Huh? Sometimes you, you can't, you can't get happy feet just because you've had concussion. You still gotta play the game the right way. And wait, wait. And the charger up. Huh? What's the Chargers record? What do we doing with the Chargers? Oh, oh, you know what? Hey, Harbaugh got them boys playing some good football. Nah. Hey, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm be honest with you. And the I don please help me understand this. It's the same goddamn personnel with the Chargers from a defense, a defensive perspective. Yeah. Same players from last year.


Harbaugh got them boys playing. Like, they completely different. Like it's a like, like it's a whole, like a whole new personnel. They playing some good goddamn football. It's amazing, man. I'm playing some good football. It's amazing what happens when a certain coach comes in. Not everything just turn around for some goddamn reason. And the players are still the same. All I know is there are two teams that are way clear of the Bengals and, and the Dolphins. That's the Broncos and that's the Chargers. So that means two of these. So you got Broncos, chargers, Bengals, and Dolphins. Two of those four teams aren't gonna make it. I can tell you which two aren't gonna make it. I could tell you which two, I could tell you which two teams outta the four you just named. And I mean, no disrespect to any Broncos fans, any charges fan that are in here.


But if anybody is gone and has the personnel and the team offensive weapons to go, it's gonna be the goddamn bangles and the goddamn dolphins. It's not about not defense Is terrible. Oh Joe, your defense is last. What? Your defense is terrible. Our offense is awesome. Okay, listen, this is how you know your team is bad. You score five, Joe Burr throws five touchdowns, they lose Jerry go, throws five interceptions. They win. Now you tell me what's wrong with that picture. I don't like where you going with this One guy has 11 for 2 65. 2 64.


2 67. Yeah. They lose. Yeah. With 428 yards passing. Right. Five touchdowns. Right. The other guy doesn't even throw for 300. Yes sir. And five interceptions. They win. Your defense, your offense can't overcome as great. Think about it. You scored 38 last time. We only, we We only lost by 1.9. We only lost by one point. And there, there there's a chance that we could have won that game. There's a chance that we could have won that game. It's not like we got blown out. Now we we did lose. Yes. We had the opportunity to win that game. It just so happened it didn't go, it didn't go our way. It didn't go our way. Y'all 28, y'all 22nd and pass defense.


Starting position after kickoff is 25th points loud is 26th. Rush yard differential is 26. Rush offense is 27%. Sac defense is 12 to 28. Rush offense is 29th. Third down your 29th defensive red zone, your 30th defensive red zone touchdowns your 31st. Dang. So what that tells me is when the teams get the ball down there, right, it's going touchdown. There ain't kicking field goals. Yeah, but you, you know what I think, and I don't like something you just said too about my goddamn bangles and I I don't really appreciate it. You talking about we, our offense can't overcome a bad defense. But I think it can, and we gonna show you it probably can, especially in the back half of the season after goddamn Thanksgiving when the footballs count the got, when the football games count the goddamn most, You'll be so far you'll be out of it.


Okay, Let's bet, let's bet. Oh, Joe, so let me get, let me get this straight. So you Think Bronx, so you, so you sitting here arguing me about my goddamn bangles as good as we are offensively that you think the goddamn Bo Knicks led Broncos is gonna go to the goddamn playoffs before us. Just because what our record Show what, what I'm saying is as, as, as, as bonded is your offense is your defense is equally as bad. Okay? I, I see we going with this And it's very difficult to overcome. I'm so, because think about it. Yes sir. You guys had a 21 7 lead, right? And, and in three possessions you're down 28, 21. Yeah. So if your offense doesn't score every possession, what happens?


The d the opposing team offense catch fire and they go, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You right, you right. Listen, you do realize Lamar Jackson, go ahead. I'm with you when you're right. That's One thing about it. But I I sense a little bias and I don't like that. I sense a little bias because you played What Bias? I'm just saying the Broncos are five and five. The dolphins are three and six. Yeah. I listen, the dolphins are three and six, but you understand the circumstances and what occurred on why the Dolphins are three and six. The goddamn Bengals. We goddamn damn. I don't got, I think y'all might be four and six. Okay. Okay. What's the dolphin? Listen, I mean the Bengals record E even even though we're four and six, you have to understand something.


Unc, we always start slow. Not only have we started not, not only have we started slow, not only is our defense bad, I still think despite what you just said, we still have the offense to overcome the bad play of defense. You can't Joe Burrow, you know, I know Joe know Joe gonna see this shit anyway, Joe, you have to score on every goddamn possession. If it's not a touchdown, you gotta give it three. You gotta understand that. And and half the time we ain't gonna be playing the goddamn Baltimore Ravens. We not gonna be playing the Baltimore Ravens. Now when it comes to nut crunch time, I'm speaking, y'all Lost to the Patriots. Y'all lost to the Patriots. You lost to the Eagles. That's the be You lost to the Commanders.


That's the beginning. So not only were you losing in September, you losing in October. In November. So now what? Okay, you'll see, you'll see we, we just put up 38, 35. You know that right? And You lost Who, who we was playing. You Lost. I know. We, who were We playing? If, hold on, if you are the team, what you said you are, you gotta beat those teams. You the who? So who you think you gonna see in the playoffs? The Jags. All right. Just, you know what, what? The Raiders, the Jets. I'm just trying to figure out who you think you're gonna play in the Playoffs. I don't like your tone and I can't see the chat now. I don't like the tech, I don't like the chat tone either. But no, I'm asking, I'm just trying to figure out Yes sir.


Who do you think you're gonna play in the playoffs? They're good teams that make the playoffs. When we get to, when, when we get to the playoffs, we gonna, we gonna play the best of the best. We gonna play the best of the, and you know, One thing about the playoffs, you know One thing about Cincinnati? Cincinnati playoff football, the new, the new Cincinnati, the, the, the winning culture of Cincinnati. Them boys come to play ball now. Oh, Joe, man, y'all got Ocho I have never seen a team try to get the last y'all tried to squeeze that Super Bowl run, bro. Y'all still squeezing that man. Damn. I don't, I don't like this. I I don't like this. Damn, I don't like this. Y'all went to the Super Bowl. Y'all went to the Super Bowl and now y'all think y'all perennial super. No you're not.


We're a perennial contender just because your, just because your Broncos went to the goddamn Super Bowl three times with John Elway. And you still living, you still live. They were five with Bron John. How many, how many of y'all won? Five? How many of y'all won? We, I won. I won all the ones I went to. I don't know what he won. He was oh, for three before I got there. But we was two and oh with him. Hey. And I was one and one with the Raven one and Oh, with the Raven. Listen, the fact That we were able to get there, that means a lot because we ain't been there since goddamn 1988 when we lost the goddamn John Taylor and Jerry, God damn Rice. Yes. So y'all were, y'all also were in 81. Y'all went in 80 what? 81. Y'all lost it to San Francisco in Detroit too?


We did, Yeah. I got, I I gotta do my history homework. Ken Anderson. Okay. Okay. I, okay, okay, okay. Hey, I listen, I'm, I'm feel, I'm feeling good, huh? 'cause I know 80 I know. Might been 82. Hey, chat. Chat. Y'all gimme me. Hey, chat. Yeah. Hello? Hello. Yeah, I'm making sure chat can hear me. Hey, real football, real, the real football season. You know it doesn start till after Thanksgiving. I'm, I'm gonna tell you again the real, and, and I want, I want you to pay attention, pay attention to the Dolphin team and the Bangal team you get after Thanksgiving. And then come and talk to me and they go for anybody in the goddamn chat. Anybody that disagrees with what I'm trying to tell you about the dog.


Y'all still got ocho? Yes sir. Y'all still got two games against the Steelers. Man. We and that defense Man. We finna, we finna op the Steelers. What whatcha you talking about? Man? Don't play, don't play like that. Don't Play like, man, you know, a listen, The Steelers don't even listen. The Steelers have JJ Watt, right? TJ TI mean, my bad. They, they, they all, they all look the same. Got TJ Watt. They got Joey Porter Jr. They got, they got George Pickens. Yeah. Russ Najee, Harris, Warren, Bry Mo. Hey, now they got Mike Williams. They got Mike. Okay. They good.


My bad. Hey, you see it? You see it take a shot. And you know who today, right? Who? Oh, the red line. The red line I saw. Yeah. Yeah. We we talk, we gonna talk about that. Okay. Okay. Okay. The Dolphins, they got their work cut out for 'em. I mean, because that's the thing though, Ocho Yes sir. Is that them and the Bengals, when you play this bad early Yeah. You gotta be perfect late. Yeah. And so you can't have any slipups. Yeah. When you play, when you dealing with that oblong shaped ball, sometimes it bounce and it comes right to you. Sometimes it bouncing goes the other way. A kick don boom, a block kick. Boom. Now all of a sudden you're like, damn, you go back and look. We should have went, man, how do we let the Patriots beat us?


That's crazy. How do we let how, I mean we, we were up by two scores. Yeah. You were up by two scores in both times against the, against the Ravens ocho. We turnover. Yeah. You know, and, and this, this is the funny thing about it. Think about the turnovers we had in that game. You know what the Ravens did? They Capitalized. They capitalized on 'em. They capitalized. Yes. The goddamn Detroit. The Detroit Lions turned the ball over five times. Tell me how many times the Houston Texas capitalized on them five turnovers. The d See, see you see the difference? Yeah. Yeah. Hey, the game of football. It's the game of interest. Now it's the game of interest. Well, here's the thing. You don't get to take, and that's one of the things that I was talking when, when I was in Baltimore.


Yeah. I said, that's the best thing about football. They don't take a team's offense and then take somebody else defense. You go as a team or you don't go at all. Oh yeah. So no matter how prolific one side of the ball is, the other side at some point in time has to carry its weight in order. Yeah. For it to make it happen. Yeah. I I like that. I like that. Hey, that's Updated draft order Ocho, the Jacksonville Jaguars hold the number one pick the New York Giants hold the number two pick the Tennessee Titans three Cleveland four Vegas five Patriot, six Saint seven Jets. Eight. Carolina ninth, Miami 10th as we currently sit here today.


Yeah. I like two. Hey, they just played Trevor Lawrence, all that money, right? Yeah. If the draft order was still to remain the way it is right now, They ain't taking a quarterback. They not. Hell no. I could, I could've told you that. So that mean Travis Hunter gonna have his ass goddamn damning Freeman Val. Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if you think about it, all the giants need a quarterback. Titans need a quarterback. Cleveland need a quarterback. Vegas need a quarterback. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on, hold on. You done gave up on will Levis already. It's only a second year starting. Giants need a quarterback. Tennessee needs a quarterback. Browns needs a quarterback.


Vegas needs a quarterback. The Patriots will not take a quarterback. They just took Drake. May number three of all the Saints needs a quarter. I can see the Saints taking a quarterback, the Jets taking a quarterback. I don't believe Carolina takes a quarterback, nor does Miami. The question is, is there somebody down that we don't know about willing to trade up?


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop with Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Toms the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, blacks, and our iconic APR Goddess slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school. Drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect For date night or girls night apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you leave. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Code red. Your monthly visitor, whatever you call it. There's only one name you need to know when it comes to managing your period in comfort and style. Say hello to Nix. That's KNIX. The number one leakproof brand in North America. Nix has revolutionized the period underwear game with their incredible line of leakproof undies. Designed for real bodies from sizes extra small to four xl. With Nix you get underwear that look, feel and machine wash just like regular underwear. But feature hidden protection technology that can absorb from one to 14 regular tampons worth of liquid so you feel dry, comfy, and free. Millions have already made the switch to K Nix and now you can too. Just go to nix.com and get 15% off with promo code shop 15. That's KI x.com promo code. Shop 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com promo code shop 15.


The all electric Chevy Equinox EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev starting at 34,995. The 2025 Equinox VLT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen. All at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. EV is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets. Final price to learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev


I can tell you, I can tell you who the first two quarterback gonna be off the goddamn board. I can tell you that Who we Got where they go, goddamn Cam Warden Shado. And based on, based on the team and what they want based on the preference and style of play style of quarterback. You know, once they do background checks and all the other good stuff, you know, and go back to their goddamn kindergarten class and talk to their teacher. You know what, what them them two going first, if anything in Jacksonville, if it remains the same and Jacksonville has the first pick in the goddamn draft, Travis Hunter is going number one. I can say current Mark drafts number one overall pick Travis Hunter. Number two, overall pick to the Giants. Shado Sanders. Yeah. Number three, overall pick Cam Ward, quarterback Miami.


Number four, overall pick Cleveland Browns McMillan the receiver out of Arizona. Number five Will Johnson Quarterback Michigan. Number six overall to, to the Patriots ot. Will Campbell number seven D line Mason Graham. Yeah. Eight Abdul Carter Edge, Penn State number nine. Nick, what is that? Kurt squirting Edge. Texas a m. And then Kevin Banks Jr. OT, Texas. Hey, I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like that love mock draft. Who is that? That that's male type of shit. I dunno who that, I dunno who that is.


Okay, We might a, we might, we might, we might start our own mock draft now. We don't watch tape. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Get that. We don't watch enough tape, man. We don't watch no tape. We can't, I mean, look, I ain't got the time to sit down and break down no tape. Hey, I got too much over my plate right now with five shows. Right? Two night two ESPN shows. Yeah. And a show once two shows a week with Club Shaha. I absolutely have no time. Hey, you know what's funny? When I, when I think about it, you know, without having a, without having to dive deep into it, you know, from the surface level, from a fan watching, watching collegiate games, I can kind of tell you who is that boy and who's not. I don't need to sit there and watch 200,000 hours of goddamn f to tell you, oh that young fella there.


He can play. When you turn on the film, when you turn on the film, there are 22 people on the field. If you really like that outside of that 22 on film, that individual always pops out. He always pops out. Always. You can tell who's who. And that's, that's pretty much it. That's, that's my piece. I am not male hyper. Nah. I don't wanna watch, look my days of watching film with the, with the kind of purpose that it needs, right. That died once I done with I, you know, I would occasionally watch it when I, when I was with CBS because I wanted to know. 'cause I, you know, the thing is, when you first get into television, you wanna make sure all your i's are dotted and all your T's are crossed.


Oh, yes sir. And you wanna make sure that you know what you're talking about. Because the One thing you want to have is when you get into this business is credibility. So, you know, I put, yeah, I would get, I would get film and I would break it down and I would look at it like, okay. And so, but I don't, I don't, I don't watch it like that like I once did occasionally I, I'll, I'll take a glance at it, but nah, no. Michael Parson responds to the backlash on the McCarthy quote. Micah thinks the media twisted his word last night. You would think guys that played and coached the sport would have better journalism. But I was very wrong. They're trying to use my name, image, and likeness with the Dallas Cowboys to continue to tear down this beautiful organization.


Oh. With drama and bad media attention be better. Hashtag at get up LOL your damn. I'm just going eat the fine now because the way y'all twist words and flip it around for content is nasty work. You want attention hard. I'm not finna carry your career and boost your following. I told y'all Michael Parsons is a phenomenal player, but he talks too damn much. This ain't, this isn't cute. It's very disrespectful to the entire locker room. Hold on. Who said that quote? Who said that quote you just said at end? Harry Douglas. Harry Douglas the receiver. Yes. From the Falcons. Yes. Okay, okay. Okay. And he went to the, I think he played with the Titans also.


I think he finished his career with the Titans. Hey. So, so yeah, He's the, he's the n fp analyst now does some NFLA lot of college though. Hey Harry Douglas. That boy bad. I know. I be, I be, I be watching Young Bull sometimes he nice, but listen for better context really. On, on the, on the Michael Parsons thing, I think think what people didn't see is they just heard the context and what he said and didn't hear the questions that were asked. So the questions that were asked until you hear the questions that were asked, then the answer in the answer in which is the way he responded, it made a little bit more sense. It made a little bit more sense. Oh, Joe, Yes, sir. Had, had he left it had he said, look right as a coach, Micah, right. Excuse me, coach McCarthy.


Yes Sir. He can get another job. Right. But a lot of these guys are at the end because you don't really get too old a coach. You, but you do get too old to play football. No matter how great a player you are, you'll eventually age out. Yes Sir. Had he said, you know what, coach MacArthur can go get another job. He's that good of a coach. No matter what you think of, I mean, you phrasing him, say, look, he can get another job. He had a job at Green Bay. He was outta work for a year or two, ended up getting another job. Who's to say that can't happen again? Right. But where he lost a lot of people when he said Zach Martin has done way more than Mike McCarthy ever has or ever will. That was it Ocho There is, there is no taken out outta context when you say that.


So, you know what's funny? You know what's funny when it comes to that? You gotta think about Michael Parsons really not understanding or knowing Mike McCarthy's history outside of him just being the head coach of the Dallas. That our fault. Yeah, I know. I I know. You know what Michael don't really know the history of Mike McCarthy. Listen that, that's where it comes into play. Understanding your home, un understanding your head coach and what he's done in the past before he even got to you. Before he, before he is even got there. You should know what Mike McCarthy has accomplished. Understanding that is your head coach. But I guess he didn't know that. Which is why he said what he said. Yes. Yeah. Ocho Hey Kenny. There's two things you gotta find That, that's between him and the cowboys. Okay? I don't think the league of finding it because he didn't criticize the officiating.


Right. Ocho there's two things you have to be very careful of the two things you can never get back. Word spoken and deeds done. Whoa, whoa, whoa. 'cause even when you in a courtroom, whoa. And somebody's saying something and the, and the attorney says, I object. Right? And the attorney and the the judge will say, sustained, how do you make, how do you make the jury unhear what they heard? Right? There are two things you can't get back. I heard that Word spoken deeds done. So that's why you have to be mindful. That's why you have to be careful even saying things in the heat of the moment. Right. It like, and and we get it. Michael is extremely frustrated. Yeah. But Michael, you gotta understand, bro, you've been gone for four weeks. Where were you?


Oh, you had a high ankle sprain baby. Oh, I daddy got daddy ain't got do with me. Yeah, You Talk, you come back and talking. Maybe if you'd have been there, maybe you could helped him. Maybe you done won 40 game, Michael. See, he didn't think, but he doesn't think about that. That's what I'm saying though, Ocho you gotta be careful how you, but why would you talk like that? But you, you have to understand too also, huh? You know, Michael Parsons is is talking just normal. He's not media savvy. He's not media savvy. Understanding what you He Got a podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Just because you have a podcast doesn't mean you're media savvy. Oh, great. To stay with me Now he's, I bet you, I bet you he's he's not politically correct actually, it's kind of motherfucking refreshing for a change to hear a player speak and actually tell the truth on how they actually really feel and not, and not say some old PCs bullshit.


Excuse me, About your own locker room, about your coach. I, I'm, I'm I'm just saying that's how he truly feels. Did you I know he does. So what? So, so if he truly feels this way, way, I'm just saying why did he, okay. If he truly feels this way, Ocho why is he trying to flip it around and say the media, if that's how he feels? Oh yeah. You gotta take accountability. You got, you gotta stand on that. You gotta stand 10 toes on that baby. You got to stand 10 toes on that. You have to, you ain't got no choice. But I'm just saying, I don't, I'm not agreeing with what he saying. I I'm just saying it's kind of refreshing to hear somebody say, you know, this is how I feel. I'm not gonna say no bullshit. I'm gonna tell you exactly how I'm feeling right now in this. Yes. I at look, I get, look at the end of the day, you can say whatever you want to say.


Right. You see, well, here's the thing. You get to control your actions. You don't get to control the consequences. Outcome. Yeah. Yeah. So when you say something, you ha you get to control what you say. Now the backlash that comes along with what you saying or with what you've done. Right. You can't get mad at people because they don't feel the same. And they say, look, but see that's the part about being a leader though. Ocho Yes sir. See, a a, a leader, you have to basically you have to say all the right things. Yeah. All the time. Yeah. That's what a leader does. You bite the bullet. You don't think Pey Manning has been so bad and some of them offensive linemen, Tom Brady Yeah. All these, these quarterbacks. But you bite your tongue. Yeah.


Yeah. And you say a lot of the stuff behind closed doors. Right. I've been in meetings, I've been with John. Right. Well I know what he wanted to say, but I know what he said when he got with us. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Most that. See that's the part I don't like. Huh. You know, to, to me it takes away the authenticity of the, the individual itself. Because you have to mask yourself in how you truly feel because you are the face of a franchise or you're the quarterback or you can't say certain things that you can't say because the media's gonna run with it. That's why I'm just saying I don't agree with what he's saying, but it's kind of cool and refreshing to finally hear how someone actually truly feels. I'm, I'm I'm just saying. I get it. Let lemme So, so if, if Mike McCarthy came out, if Mike McCarthy, I don't, I don't agree with what he said.


I just said hearing a player speak truth and not PC shit. It just, it it was, it was different for a change because you don't hear it all. You Do, you do know. This is the first time Micah's had two had sacks this season, right? Yeah. We're 10 weeks into the season. Mike got two sacks. Yes sir. So Mike McCarthy comes out and says Michael Parson's not playing like the player that we thought he was. He's an all pro, he's a defensive rookie of the year that sir, he's also been in the defensive player of the year discussion that sir. But right now he's not playing to the Michael Parson standard. You okay with that? He Can do that. Yes sir. I like that. I Like that. Yeah, you not Ocho I get it. But that nah, ain't nobody doing that. You know that. Yeah, yeah. You right. You right. You right. You right. You right. Come on man. And that's all I'm saying about Micah.


You have to understand the position that you're in. You're not just some, you're not some just arbitrarily arbitrary guy. You have to understand you're Michael Parsons. You know what, you know what else on what? Yeah. He's a young fellow. He's a young fella. He doesn't know that yet. With growth and time and maturity in the league and understanding how to navigate through the media world and knowing what to say and when not to say it, understand it. You do play for this, for the team with the motherfucking songy helmet. So everything you say it holds a lot of goddamn weight. Especially being the player that you are. He don't know that yet. Ocho. So I need, so there needs to be, there needs to be training to know that you don't throw your coach on the bus or you don't throw your teammate under the bus. You need to be trained. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.


'cause something something, you know right from wrong baby. You know. Right from wrong. But then why didn't he say nothing about dad? All he does is lie about that Dad can win us a Super Bowl. He lie all the time. So he lied before. Why? Why? I just saying so you make it seem like Michael hadn't told a lie. He said that we're gonna be, we're gonna have a historically great defense. How many times, Chad, have you heard Michael Parson say we're gonna have a Ravens type defense. We're gonna have a legion of boon type defense. So he's lied before. So it's not out of the realm of possibility or probability for him to lie. Damn. Now he wants to choose this moment because you know, Michael, y'all, you, you welcome, you welcome to keep the eagles outta the end zone.


You welcome to stop the, the Saints from dropping 45 on you. Who else did they got? Somebody else beat the brakes off. You. You, you, you are welcome. So where was Micah when they was rushing for 270 something yards of Ravens two 50 and the other team rushed for 2 74 and, and, and, and the Saints. So where was Micah then? So what was his role? You talk about? We can talk about, look here. I'm not an apologist for Mike McCarthy. I will not apologize because I think he's done a horrible job coaching. I think he lied to get the job and Karma has come back. But where was Michael Parson's role in them giving up?


2 50, 2 74, 200? What role did Michael Parson play in that? Damn Give the gimme gimme the, gimme the first 'cause Michael Parson's been out four weeks. Gimme the first four ga first five games. Hey, I like this shit. Yeah. I, I feel good tonight. I feel great. Hey, we gonna be on this bitch five hours tonight 'cause I ain't getting on. No, we, No, we, I gotta go to work. Hey, I took me a, I took me a nap. It's on chat. Y'all good chat.


You hear me chat y'all. Hello? If you can hear me. Yeah. One sack in his first four games. So he has three sacks now what do y'all, okay, they gave up. We, I know they gave up two 50. They gave up two 50 at at least two 50 to the Ravens. Right. Because Derrick Henry ran wild. Yeah. Right. They played somebody else that they gave up two 70 something, Two 70 on the ground or you mean in the air? You talking about the Saints? The Saints game. They gave up 44 points to the Saint. How many Rush yards? Kamar? Kamari had a day.


They gave it one 90 to the Saints Rush yard. Yeah. How much they give to Baltimore? They gave up at least two 50 to Baltimore. I know that they gave up 2, 7 4 to who? They gave up. My bad. They gave up 2 74 to Baltimore. Who? Because they haven't won a game at home. So who did they play after Baltimore at home. Okay. What did On B Ball on the road. Yeah.


Dang. Yeah. So, so, so in that situation, like I said, look, I'm not apologizing for Mike McCarthy 'cause I think he's done, you know, he doesn't have his team prepared. The only game they were prepared is when they played Tampa. And I don't think anybody thought Tampa was any good. I think Tampa won eight games that year. But they were in a terrible division with Carolina, the Falcons and, and New Orleans. And they won division. And we saw this coming all year. The games that they won, they were skating by. Right. And I knew that the Cowboys going to blow the doors off 'em. But every, every year the same thing at home. 49 ERs beat you at home. Green Bay beat you at Green Bay is beating you at home like two or three times in the playoffs.


Yeah. I just, I I just think the thing is, is that bro, in a situation like this, and I know everybody's frustrated. Yeah, because I remember hold y'all remember when Dak was walking through a chat? Y'all remember this? Jump off if you wanna, Dak was yelling jump off, like jump off the bandwagon if you wanna. I I I ain't even jump on, I was just watching. I said, Hey Whitney, you talking about Larry? I better get off Hit about to run into a brick wall at 75. You better hop off. Wait, you jump last year? No, that was this year. You don't remember Dak was walking in after the game they lost and he talking about jump off if you wanna Oh.


Like, hey y'all better, y'all better stick with us. Jump off if you wanna I Don't, I don't remember that. I don't remember that. Damn. So we, we can't show the video. I wish we could show, I wish we could show the video, but we, we gonna be at a point in Ja in January. We gonna be good. We'll be able to show videos. Okay. Again. Oh, Joe Cooper Rush will get at least one more start for the Cowboy. The Cowboys are signing Will Greer to their practice squad in the wake of Dax season ending hamstring injury. Where? Well, Who I'm trying to figure out y'all people were trying to convince me, Jerry was like, we be Underwood with a a, a Cooper rush. Oh. Everybody was like, Cooper Rush can lead this team.


Look at him. He's so much better than Dak. Who Said man threw for 45 yards. Who said he was better than D But they were trying to be funny Cowboy fans. They, Jerry had people believing that he was good. Jerry said that. Even Troy, even Troy, even Troy and Tony Robo said they gonna, Hey, they might be a a, a frenzy for a Cooper rush. He's a very good quarterback. He right back there in Dallas. Yeah. And goddamn media dollars, man, you know, they gonna, they gonna say anything to support, support the young fella. Man. I I I understand what he saying, but you knew he wasn't better than that no matter what, you know, come, I knew nobody would bro. He'll back up. He can win you a couple of games here and there until your starter comes back. But it wasn't nobody gonna put their, put their franchise in his hands.


Yeah, Yeah. I understand. I don't, I don't, you know what's funny is that's for them to be able to say that and understanding that he is a backup and he wouldn't be the future of your franchise, especially putting the keys in his hands for success and being able to compete at a high level week in and week out. We need to take they credibility cards too. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm just saying it's so it's okay for them to do it. But if it's us, you know, we're held at a different standing when it comes to saying certain things about certain players. Yes, you gotta be right. But I try Oh, I try to be as look, I try to evaluate what my eyes tell me. Right. What my, what my experience tells me.


Yes sir. I don't look at where he plays, I don't look at the position that he plays. I just basically go by what my eyes tell me. Right. And what my experiences tell tells me. That's how I evaluate a player. And I know some people are like, well, you don't like this guy or you don't like that guy. It's not about like a dislike. My job is not to like or dislike my job is to offer an honest critique of said player said teams. I try to do that to the best of my ability. I understand when fan bases, certain fan bases don't like what I say. But if you check my history, I criticize Tom Brady, Tony Romo, some of the great quarterbacks, everybody got that. When you play, when you play well, I got no problem. Right. Saying you play well. Right. But when you play bad, I think I owe it to the fans that watch me to say that you played bad.


Right. Right. When I say you oh Joe, what fans gotta understand when I say a player is playing bad or played bad. Yes sir. That doesn't take away anything great. Here's accomplished. Yeah. If you've been an all pro, if you've been an MVP, a defensive player of the year or whatever the case may be. Right. That doesn't take away from that. You've already won that, that can't be taken away. I'm talking about a specific game or a stretch of games. That's what I'm evaluating you on. Right. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. You Right. You right. I like it. And sometimes people like you are trying to diminish the guy. No. How can I diminish what he's already done accomplished.


It's like the, what's that? The old Wheel of Fortune. Right. I know you don't remember this Ocho and a lot of people in the chat, but Chuck Woolery used to be the original host of Wheel of Fortune. And they used to, what you do, you spin the wheel and they would let you buy, they would let you buy stuff. So if you won $2,500, you can buy a microwave for $300. Right. I would like to buy that his and her bicycles for 750. So you could buy stuff with the money that you won. Right. And once you buy a prize, it was yours to keep. You only lost if you had money and you hit bankruptcy. Yeah. So I'm like the Wheel of fortune once that guy's accomplished that, I'm not, I can't take it back.


Right. He's done it. But I think if I, I think for someone to, to feel that because they're an accomplished player player and they're above reproach, I, I disagree. I verbally disagree. I strenuously disagree. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. There some big words. Now a bri come back to me again. I got buddy. Hey. I ain't, I ain't never heard that before. What, what kind of, what kind of or you, what disagree What stre? I strenuously and ly disagree. Oh, ve Okay. Okay. Ve Hey. The Most sincere heart and term. I disagree. Yes. You've You've been around Steven. Ain't too long now, bro. I needed the song. Yeah.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seats. I appreciate the support people. Eat that Bretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay. This is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Did you know there's no Tom at Toms? The Shoe company you know and love. Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with Toms, the family favorite footwear brand. From Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Allgas slip-ons. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide with options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date, and we're just getting started. Shop all your Fall Family footwear@toms.com.


Code red, your monthly visitor, whatever you call it. There's only one name you need to know when it comes to managing your period and comfort and style. Say hello to Nicks, that's KNIX, the number one leakproof brand in North America. Nix has revolutionized the period underwear game with their incredible line of leakproof undies designed for real bodies from sizes extra small to four xl. With Nix, you get underwear that look, feel and machine wash just like regular underwear, but feature hidden protection technology that can absorb from one to 14 regular tampons worth of liquid so you feel dry, comfy, and free. Millions have already made the switch to K Nix and now you can too. Just go to nix.com and get 15% off with promo code shop 15. That's KI x.com promo code. Shop 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com promo code Shop 15.


The all electric Chevy Equinox Ev combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev starting at 34,995. The 2025 Equinox VLT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets. Final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox.


Ev I I know everybody. Pat Sajak people just remember Pat Sajak. Yeah, but Pat Saja was not the original host of Willer fortune. Chuck Willy was. Mm. That was before your time too. O Chuck. Yeah. I, I remember I used to wa I wa I used to watch Chuck back in the day. Now when? Well, he had a little tiny, Yo, he walked on Chuck because he was gone by the time you got there. No, no. My my grandma, my grandma used to be having, had me and I know Chuck. He had the little skinny mike with a little, with a little tiny, with a little. Yeah. I remember all of them. Had all of, all of them had those little skinny Mike Richard Dawson on Family Fuel.


That's what the thing, the stick mics that they call. Yeah. But he, Mike Rogers posts a little fun. Hashtag redline like I like And Aaron Rogers. I like it. After Aaron Rogers called out Mike Williams for running the wrong route route, and they lost to the bills. Williams took the high road after Williams made a stellar debut in the Steelers. He posted on ig, celebrating his first game. Williams added three hashtags. Whole lot of hashtag number two. Was we back? Yeah. Number three. Hashtag redline redline. The last one was a de direct reference to Roger's criticism. Aaron Rogers told reporters after Monday night loss of Buffalo Williams was supposed to be on the redline on the practice field five yards from the sideline.


Hey, see how he threw Mike Williams under the bus? He look Ocho Yeah. That's his history. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I like, I like that. I like the sub, the subliminal shot though. I like it. I like the little jab. Hey, the Steelers, the Steelers play the don't play the Justice yet. I don't know. Does the Steelers play the, or they already played Them? Probably not. Probably not. Either way. Listen, I I like it. I like, I I I like the fact that it was bo it was bothering them, you know? Oh, Joe. Nobody, listen, nobody likes to be thrown under the bus.


Yeah. Especially that quarterback, quarterback. But thank you. That hurt. That hurt, that hurt. Because Do you know how many times we could, Hey, what about that fd up interception you threw? Oh yeah. Oh, hey, What about that fumble you had? Hey, what about that? Read that. What about that hot read that you missed? Hey, there's always stuff to go around, but you're mindful that, look, everybody's under a stressful situation. Right. Our job is to go out there and win all the while, while somebody's trying to hit you in the back of your damn head. Yep. So I'm not, look, I'm, my job is not to try to embarrass somebody, do I When I get on the sideline, yeah. I would yell and I, I would try to keep it to a minimum because I know the mics were gonna try to pick up anything that I said.


Yeah. Or the camera was gonna apply. But I would, most of my thing correcting was done once we got into the building away from prying eyes of fans, media cameras or who, whoever, then I'm gonna let you have it. Right. But no, I'm not, I'm not trying to embarrass anybody because I don't believe anybody went out there and did that. Now, I would have a problem if you bull jive around. You slept in the meetings. You were late for meetings and you were a horse driving around on the field. I had a problem with that. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Understandable. Understandable. But no, but that's, that's, but look, I, I, I don't think, you know, that's his history. That's who he is.


He's a great look that he's a great player. You can't argue with, he's one of the transcendent throwers of the football. Absolutely. His resume is, is impeccable. He doesn't have the championships to go along. You would think a player of his credential with those four MVPs would have more Super Bowl appearances, more big game appearances. It didn't happen that way for whatever reason. Right. But his ability to throw the football, his ability to spend the football is, is, is unmatched. He, he's second to none. And he doesn't have to take a back seat to throwing the football to anyone. Uhuh. No, sir.


Ocho, before we get to our next segment, the Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door, developed by bet. Fresh. Fresh Food. Fresh food. Fresh, Fresh. My dogs love it. Titus Eats about four bags a day developed by bets made from fresh real meat and veggies. Food is pre proportion based on their unique nutritional needs. And get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap to get 50% off. Like I said, Teddy, Teddy likes it, but he wants to eat the big dog food, bro. You got your own. I don't know why, why dogs like that? Why do dogs think somebody got something different than what they got?


ocho. Hold on. Why? They all in tits bowl? Hold on. What? What about babies, baby food? Your kids, Well, they know, they, they know they got something different. Yeah. They get, they get peaches, they get squashed. Green beans. You eat fried chicken steak. Hey, I got, I got one better for you uncle. What happened? You go to dinner, you with your girl? Oh, they definitely eat my you. I Like that You order your food. You order your food. She ordered what she want. Yeah, but when the come she on your plate? Yes. If you want a chicken, why you order chicken? You order salmon. Get your hand out my plate? Yes. Oh, I shoulda ordered. What? You, you want some of this because you not Finn, get no more of this. Do you want me to, Hey, hey here.


Hey, you want, you want some steak? Right? Right Now you can't get what I got. 'cause you know I'm a norm. I'm gonna get, you know what I'm saying? Don't I get that five? Right, right, right, right, right. You can't get that. But I can get something close to it. Now what would you like the rib? You like the, you, you, because I'm the only one at the table that's eating a 500 steak. Whoa. No, but I'm saying Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Bring it back. Bring it back again. Bring it back. Bring it back. Where the fuck can you find a 500 steak? Oh, you just bullshitting? No, at highend restaurants, they serve a five. And it all depends on how many houses you get. But see, I go, I go to my restaurant in Atlanta. I thought you were saying a five because of my, my jersey number?


No, a five Japanese wagu. Oh, remember I told you I had the Wagyu, remember? Yeah. I don't know where, I don't know where the fuck I went. I don't know where I went, but it was in strips. You heard me it like, it was, it was like tiny strips. They was laying Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Theater. Yeah. Yeah. And They were really soft and tender and buttery. That thing like butter ain't no cho. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm just being honest with you. So when I go, would I go to my place in Atlanta? Chops panels appreciate you taking care of your boy. Hey, they normally once, once they know I'm coming in. Yeah. They already know. Hey, Mr. Sharp, we got you. Hey, whatever you want. So normally I get like 10 sometimes I feel it, you know. But pockets, you know, I be looking at how I'm doing. I think I go 12 ounces.


Yeah. But normally I, normally I go eight to 10. I don't go much bigger than that. And You know what's funny? I can't remember where I was at. I can't remember where I was at. And, and honestly, you know, I'll do anything once. I'll try anything once, you know, and I haven't, yeah, I, I haven't back, I haven't been back to get the, the, the wagon again. But, but it, it was good. It was good. And it was different for me. Who, you know, frequents the Waffle House and I get a steak from Waffle House. Who? Frequents? No. Regular Restaurant? No. You mean a hundred dollars an ounce? Somebody say it's a hundred a pound. No, it's hundred ounce. Ain't no pound. You get a pound, you gonna pay, you pay 16, 17, Boy.


But it's good. But it's good. So I treat myself sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. I don't go every time. But normally I like, I like the rib buy. I normally do the rib. I like flavor for cuts of meat. Okay. I do the rib buy. I prefer not to have it bone in, but sometimes the restaurant only have bone in. And then I'll go to something else. I probably get the filet of the sir line, but hey. Okay, okay. Okay. But I used to get chicken. I used to go to the steak house and get chicken, chicken. But they used to take care of me because see, when I, I would go, when I went to see, when I traveled Ocho Yes sir. I, if I went for three days or less, I took my food with me. Right. So I would take enough food for three days, bring it to the hotel. The hotel would warm it up for me. Like, hey, have the guy come up there and get it.


Have a, have him put a refrigerator in my room. They would come get it or they would store it downstairs. I would call down and bring it up. Obviously I'd give him, you know, give him 40, $50 to bring it up. Right, right. And I would eat, that's, that's how, that's how I did it. But, Oh, I remember now. I know I had the wagon B fat. Where at? Goddamn Jeff Rubies. When I was in Cincinnati. Jeff Ruby wagon. What wagon you had? The, the beef used Wagyu Wagon. The Wagyu, the A five. My bad. I'm sorry. The, the, the, how you spell it, how you spell that? Y-H-G-U-W. Okay. W Okay. W-W-A-G-U Wu.


W-A-G-Y-U. Okay. Oh, so the White Island? Yeah, but you gotta say it. Okay. Wu Wu u Yeah, Wu. But anyway, I had it at, I, I don't know if you've been to the precinct or Jeff Ruby Steakhouse in Cincinnati. But that's where I was when I had the Wagyu and it, it, it was, yeah, it was good. It was, it was a great experience. Yeah. I love a good steak. It's something I won't do again though, because I'm, I'm not paying that kind of money. You, you pay top dollar and based on the price point of the steak. You understand why I understood why once I ate it, because I ain't never felt nothing so soft and buttery like that. That The LL Yeah, for sure.


You ever touch a woman's skin? You know, I, I would like to think so. That's exactly how I got, I got three kids. I, unless they lied to me. Okay, okay. Okay. That's, that's what that that's what that, that, that, that, that wacky wa wacky You taste like, feel like it feel just real. Yeah. But I like you. Look, look, I've said like, when I go, I mean when I take, when I go out, because somebody Ash. Yeah. I'm like, Ash, you know, you do not have to order what, what she like to get. Yes sir. The, the, the what? The simi, what is it?


Sushi. And everywhere we go, you do not have to order sushi. We go to a gas station do that. Y'all have sushi. What? The hey station. Lemme get sushi. Lemme get, lemme feel a more pump. Six. Hey, that's funny man. But That's, Hey, when she in the hotel, you don't, you let Ash come to your room. If anybody hungry, why you waiting? You get in my room and now you hungry? Yeah. Oh. Oh. She get cra she get cra I look at her when she, when she crab cake. You ain't order no crab cakes. Okay.


She, okay. I did. I, oh, I look at you. When you order, you get salmon and you get this. You come in my room, you get crab cake and Oh, and she get two entrees. She ain't gonna just get one. Right. See man, Y'all, y'all be, y'all be good over there, man. Yeah, we look, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep it. We, we on the road a lot and, and the, the team, they do a great job. Right. Jordan has George because you know, everywhere I go, Jordan has to go. Right, right. So, you know, 'cause he setting up the equipment in the hotel room, you know, he's capturing content behind the scenes.


So he, he goes and so it works. It's great that hopefully he don't get a wife anytime soon. Starts having damn family. Right. Because he go, he go, he gonna mess the rotation up. But I think, I think he like traveling. He, he, he like traveling. Hey, what All the damn cameras. Hey, What, what's the, what would be the, the, the terminology for, for what Jordan does? Like, like a not videographer. What, what would it be? Well, he's all that he's a social by social media. My content. He capture all the content. Yes. Your content be real. Your your content be so goddamn dope. Man. I, I need, man, I'm just, I'm man, fuck.


I need to get my shit together, man. You do try to travel with me that, you know, that wouldn't mind flying spirits. Someone that wouldn't mind eating at the places that I Well, good luck with that. Huh? Good luck with that one. Yeah, yeah. Do so everything, I wanna, I wanna create content too. Like, I want people taking pictures. Like when I'm stepping out, when I'm stepping out the car, you know, and I'm, I'm talking to people and you know, hugging people and I just, I ain't, I don't, I ain't got nothing. Yeah. It's all good. But He's, he's in the, he's in the chat. So Jordan know stuff. Hey, you know, we leaving such and such a time. I like how when, who said that? Well, so basically he's on the chain with him.


Ash. Right. Shelly, cj, all the people like that. I'm the last to know. I'm the last to know just, Hey, Shelly gives me the Heads up. I need two days in advance. Right. And we gone, I got a suitcase always packed, toiletries already packed. I just had to put, you know, change of clothes stuff in there. And I, we off to the, off to the races, Brian Dayal was asked if Daniel Jones is still the court quarter starting quarterback wouldn't say yes only that they're evaluating things. Giants are three and 13 and Daniel Jones last 16 Stark. If they, if they, if he were to get injured and couldn't pass a physical by March. By March he'd be owed 23 million fully guaranteed.


Next year. Drew Locke is currently the Giants backup. Hey, why would Brian Day Ball say he wanna evaluate something? How much more evaluation you need to do? What else do you need to see? I don't know. I don't know. Maybe that's a large sample size. Maybe He be las, maybe Brian Day ball need eyeglasses. You know, based on what I've seen. I mean it is okay to try to make a switch to Drew Locke, but the only, you can't because the call gotta come from motherfucking upstairs. And they done pay Young Bull, all that goddamn money. They ain't finna let you make the goddamn switch because right now you not in playoff contention.


They not gonna cut Daniel Jones next year. Well I, because Be no reason to pull him. Look, they saw Eli Manning, they broke his consecutive game streak. Okay. And Eli Manning had won two Super Bowls for them. Yeah. Unc that was on the back end though. Unc that's on the back. They knew they, they knew they, He he young. He on the back end. He just don't know it. He just don't know. Ain't nobody told him yet. Yeah, That's, that, that's, that's the problem is that you think Drew Lock is the answer? No. Well, I mean, well, well no, well neither is Daniel Jones.


So what you wanna do, Well hey, you should have thought about that before you gave him 160 million. Hey, timing is everything in life, boy. That's what my granddaddy used to tell me. Timing. Somebody said, Ash, please don't eat gas station crap. I would never, she would, you ain't, she ain't gonna find a store in the airport that she ain't gonna go in there and get something anybody wants. Anybody wants something that's different and you know, we can walk by the store without going in to get some chips or some cookies or some candy, soda water. We can just keep walking to the gate. Right.


She gotta get something. She gotta get, so she'll feel like if I don't buy something, man, That ain't right. Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess you know, she gotta get so she gonna get something. Yeah. Chips and she gonna go ahead and get one chip at a time. Bryce, Young confidence is growing. Things aren't perfect, but the Panthers quarterback is finding a way to get the job done. Yeah. Even canals, his head coach acknowledges, he's continued to make positive statement, although didn't go as far as name him as a starter moving forward. Certainly Bryce made a great statement for himself.


I'm just so proud of Bryce. I'm so proud of taking the next step. Again, I thought he had a great day. I thought, I thought it could have been a fantastic day. I thought a few balls got away from us, but Bryce certainly is making a statement to all of us. So I just could tell how proud I am of just weekly progress. Happy man. I'm happy for young Bull Boy. 'cause because, because because his confidence was shot. Unc, his confidence was shot. I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad to see him win. I'm glad to see him win. Yeah. Because hell, you don't understand how to, you don't understand how that feels Unc. 'cause I'm thinking about where I, when I was on the back end of my career, you know, unc, my con my confidence is as arrogant, as cocky as I am when it comes playing, when it comes to playing the game of football.


But my shit was shot, boy. It was shot. Now I, I didn't have an opportunity to get it back. I didn't. So I knew how he was feeling. Well you in your second year or first year? Second year. Yeah. So if you already feeling like that and the first question when they asked you if you still have your confidence and you say your confidence in the Lord. I'm like, oh hell no. No. Not not, I know. I know it's okay to serve you, but not right now. I need you to, I need you to. Hell yeah, I'm confident. What you talking about? Oh yeah. For you. Yeah. I'm ready. Yes I can lead this team. I mean, but you know, it is what it is. I'm glad to see him. Where he at now though? Yeah, it's a good thing. But I will eat gas station fried chicken and tater logs.


T you know what, you know what Tater logs are? I guess people call 'em t Tater wedges. We used to call 'em tater logs. Those wedges of potatoes. That's like this long wedges, what y'all call them? Google Tater. Tater logs or wedges. Right. And then you go like, oh yeah, I know what those are. Ash. No, she's from the country. I dunno why she thinks she from upstate New York. No, I said Jordan, I say that like this long Wedge, They call them wedges.


Okay. We used to call 'em TA law. See y'all didn. Y'all trying to change the name. Ta We y'all think y'all slick Tater tots? No Tater tots around. These are wedges. They're long. Oh, I know what you mean. Yeah. The Volume.


Hey it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets. Plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Keep that brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty Stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's odo o.com.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core i nine processors, gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.