
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts casts.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did The Volume NFL playoffs.


We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet we are. Get on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sports Sportsbook app draft. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers To get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at DraftKings Sports Book. The Crown is yours. Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know who I am. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro dressed up in his he all blinged out. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell a family friend of loved one to do likewise, subscribe and like. Make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for being so supportive. You've supported us all the way, 23, 24, 25, and hopefully you'll continue to support us 25 and beyond. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter.


We do have it in stock. Let's celebrate the new year. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it, any a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. And please, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shea Media. Make sure you tune into Humble Baddies live show tomorrow night at 8:00 PM Eastern the the, that's the new Netflix show. Wags to Riches that premiered today. You know, hey, they talk about, they talk about us ocho. So we on there, we on there a little bit. We on there a little bit. So make sure you go check out Humble Baddies live show tomorrow night at 8:00 PM Eastern.


Also my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest releases just dropped last month. Shirts, sweats, beanies, cos and mugs. But remember, quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. This is our first spring tour. Stop. The tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Unfortunately, the VIP meet and greet tickets are sold out, but there are still many more tickets left for you to attend A big show February the sixth at the Mahalia Jackson Theater in New Orleans. We got big time guests coming on. We got a very something else special.


Check me out. Check this out guys. When we announce what's gonna happen, the show is gonna sell out in a matter of minutes. So I advise you. Please listen to me now. Y'all know I'll be shooting you. I shoot you straight. I don't bull drive you. We got a very, very, very special feature that's gonna happen during the live show. You don't want miss it. If you are in New Orleans, grab your tickets now. You will not be disappointed. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Award. Nightcap is nominated for the outstanding podcast, art, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated Outstanding podcast, society and Culture. Please go vote for your favorite guys, UNC and ocho.


The link is pinned at the top of our social bios. We have a very special guest joining us tonight in a bit the legendary John Hope Bryant. But first ocho, we got these games this weekend. Yeah, let's talk about the two time defending Champs, the Chiefs, the Houston Texans might thank Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs receive favorable calls from game officials. But Mahome doesn't agree. I don't feel that way. Mahome said At the end of the day, the referees are doing the best they can, best to call the game as fair and as proper as they possibly can. And all they can do is go out there and play. And all we can do is go out there and play the game that you love as hard as you can and live with the results. I think we preach that here in Kansas City.


You get new referees every year. You get new circumstances, you can never really tell because every player is different. And that's what makes the NFL so special. I feel like I've just continued to play the game and I just try to win. Whatever happens, happens kind of happens. Ocho check this out. Roughing calls per a hundred pass attempts. Patrick Mahomes receives the fewest. He 63% of the time. Russell Wilson, 71% of the time, baker Mayfield, 93, 70 3% of the time cousins 70, 74% of the time. Desha Watson, 78, Jerry Goff 78, and Josh Allen, almost 94%.


Hmm. You know what's funny? And now that, now that you broke it down like that earlier today on inside the N nfl, we broke down the numbers. We, we talked about the same thing about people feeling that Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs in general got all these, all these calls and come to find out it was nothing like that. When you looked at numbers in its totality and they're the least penalized team, you know, as far as Mahomes is, is concerned as far, but what I, what I did find out is they're the most penalized offense, the officer line, the holding calls. Yes. Did they ever at the top of the league in that Jwan Watson, j the right, the right tackle has been penalized. They have had 14 accepted penalties on him.


Yeah. A on him by his itself. On him alone. No. Yes. You see what happens though. O ocho facts ruined an argument because see, if you point this out, then they, then okay, then they go to something else. Right? But what about, what about this call you, you are saying they're receiving preferential treatment. They're not. But when we show you the numbers, don't bear that out. No. Then you have to find something else to argue about. Exactly. So, and another thing, another thing I I I will say this too. The chiefs are continuously always on tv. That's one. They're always Yes playoff. They're always in the a FC championship. And what I have come to find out is, is the calls that they do get that go in their favor, it's not that many, but the ones that they do get, they happen at the opportune times where it's advantageous for them.


Right. It's an important moment. Yes. It's always an important moment. So people take that, they run with them to say, oh, they get all the calls. But that's, that's truly not the case. And I I, I thought honestly, and I, I might be, I might be one of 'em, I would just, from the outside looking in, I would say, you know what, God damn she to get all the goddamn calls. But when we, when I, when they broke it down today and we were able to look at the numbers and it skimmed through 'em, I'm like, well damn. Not Even close. It's not even close. Not even close to what everybody is saying, but I think it's because they're always on TV in the, the few calls that they do get. It always happens. It always happens in very important times in the game. Patrick Mahomes has been sacked or knocked down 106 times this season.


He's been the beneficiary of six roughing, the passer calls and two unsportsmanlike conduct calls. He gets calls 7% of the time he gets contacted. Mm. Now when you reference that with others, it's not even close. Yeah. Now It's not even close. But see, facts are ruin an argument. Ocho, if I wanna argue with you. Yeah. I wanna argue with you. Don't give me facts because now you're gonna ruin the argument. I won't have anything to argue about right Now. You know, it's kinda like in a relationship, won't you, you give the person the facts. No, no. But still now they find something else to argue about. No, let's continue to talk about this because this what was in your crawl, right? This what was your ruffled your dad drum? This what got you in a, in a ball.


Right? Now I give you the facts. Oh, it's something else. Now I, I, go ahead. Another thing I will say now, when it comes to Mahomes, the NFL has implemented rules to protect the quarterback. Yes. All quarterbacks, they All quarterbacks are protected. Now what I do find Patrick Mahome doing, and and Chad, y'all can agree with me to this and you can attest to this 'cause we've all blossomed. He is taking advantage of the rules. He's sliding late, he's sliding late, he's flopping a little bit with some of the hits. Now the hit on Will Anderson. I, I can see the ref seeing it. He hit him around the chest plate area, him flopping and throwing himself back a little bit when it's time to go outta bounds.


You've seen it too, this year, instead of stepping outta bounds, he he's taking it up field sometimes even slowing down before stepping out. Just so he can create the contact to try and draw a foul. Now I've seen that a few times, But if he slowed down and his ass and bounds blasted, but Yeah. But listen, you can, and he's done that. I, I forgot what week it was. He did it and he did it just this previous week too. He slowed down instead of just going out, got going out. Yeah. Chief Texas, you remember Caleb Williams did that? Yep. And Dan Campbell says, look here refs. This is what he does. Yeah. He pretends like he's gonna go and out of bounds, he slows up and sometimes he cuts back. Now he's in bounds. Yeah. We're gonna blast his ass if he does that.


And lo and behold, right on cue Thanksgiving, he did that and Jack Campbell, I think was the linebacker. Right. He blasted it. Blasted. That's what should happen. Yeah. Blasted. If he's in bounds, I don't care what he is. If he's in bounds and he's standing upright, knock his ass, knock his shoes off. Listen, the, the Chiefs right now are in the same position that the Patriots were in for a very long time. Absolutely. People Were absolutely, people were tired of seeing them win. They, they're always in contention. Super Bowl two, back to back Super Bowls a chance the Threepeat. And I think people are just tired of and finding things to argue and fuss about when they have, once you look at the facts and skimm through it, as far as the pun is concerned, it is nowhere near what everybody chirping out to be.


But the thing is though, Joe, when you look at some of the past interference calls, I mean, and that's what got it. James Bradbury the fourth, he literally said out of his own mouth, I held Juju. People argue with a man that's on the field and actually said he held him. Yeah, but you can't make the why aren't you? The the objective is when they put the rules in place, they didn't say time. Well you can't make this in the fourth quarter with two minutes to go. Right. You can't make this call late in the ball game. You can't make this call early. They said a penalty no matter time or place on the field. Right. If you, if you do it, it is a penalty. Yeah. James Bradberry says, I held a guy, I feel him get in the way.


I was hoping he said, I was hoping they didn't see it. Yeah, that's what he said. Everybody argued this man. Well he just do it. No, I promise you guys don't just do the right thing in situations like that. Yeah. Guys don't say, nah, I heal. If they didn't hold, he, he going go to, nah, I didn't, I didn't hold him. And then the pool reporter, I think it was Carl Jeffs came out, I forget who the official was saying what happened. Juju released inside, he looking the option back away and he tugged him because they run so many shallow crosses. That's why it's so easy for them to option back out on you. Right. Because you know, I gotta beat you over the top because like, I don't want you to get the first down. Right. So now he gets that hard running and stop and shucks the option away.


Yep. You got the tug. Yeah. Because your momentum is going over the top. So you tug and you use your mo momentum like we call it slingshot. Yeah. To catch back up with it. They threw the flag. Oh, you, you can't make that call in that situation. You absolutely can. Can. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause if this was the question I asked, if a guy had done that to AJ Brown or Devonte Smith, would you have wanted that call? Yes or no? Or would you have said you can't make that call in that situation? They gonna want that call man Foul. You are right Ocho, when you win as much, people like for you to win, but I don't want you to win too much. Yeah. Ocho I, I like Nike Ke, but I, Hey man, y'all gotta stop winning all these awards now.


Damn. Every time I turn around it's a webby, it's an iHeart award. It's an NAACP award, it's a, this, this and that. Come on now. Yeah. Come on now. Come on. Hey, let somebody else win. Huh? But this ain't, this ain't, this ain't Uhuh third, second grade. Let somebody else. Right. You go out there and you compete and you try to produce the best that you possibly can. I mean, you know, like, but you know what? Hey out yo man, you know what I think we don't want enough ocho Hey man, look, let's produce some bad content. Let's not even do, don't even worry about the webs. Don't even worry about these awards. No. If we gonna get up and spend all this time that we do, we do sometime. What? We went six straight days.


We went, we went like seven, eight days one day around Christmas time. When that Monday we went that Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday back to Monday. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It doesn't work like that. We gonna produce, we gonna do, we and the teams, they go out there, oh, y'all done did all this work. I'm out there and it's cold as hell. It's 10 degrees minus degrees. Right. It is a hundred degrees. And now you gonna talk about let somebody else win. I wanna see somebody else win. Yes. We win nine straight days during the Olympics. Remember the Olympics on Joe? We were on every day. Oh Yeah. Every day.


So look, I get it, but when you play, when you play the game, Ocho Yes sir. You have a different perspective because you know what it takes because winning isn't easy at all. And as you go further and further along, it gets harder and harder to win and Harder. You, you, you know what's funny for, for fans, let's say in general, regardless of who your, regardless of who your team is, when you look at the Patriots, the Patriots have spoiled everybody that tenure with Tom Brady and, and Bill Belichick throughout all those years, they had people thinking it is very easy. It's very Yes. Easy to do what they did. What, what Andy Reed and Patrick Mahomes are doing consistently year in, year in, year out for the past seven years or however many years Patrick Mahomes has been starred going to the A FFC championship.


They have people. Yeah. It's very, very easy man. It ain't, it ain't it ain't easy. Hell no. It is very hard to do what they're doing. It just, people have been spoiled by what they've been able to accomplish. It just, it's an a testament to their greatness and how good they are as two coach, as a coach and a player. And now Andy Reed and packing homes are having that same success and people are just tired of seeing it. Oh Yeah, it's ocho But think about it, think about how many times, I think Tom Brady might have won a division like 15, 16, 17 times in his career. Ocho I won as many Super Bowls as I did division titles. Mm.


And I played 14 years. Yeah. I won three division titles. Patrick Mahome doesn't know what it's like to not win the division title. Right. They wanted what, eight, nine straight years because they wanted a couple of years with Alex Smith and then they won it when, when ma homeboy took over. Yeah. So for the most part, if you got to Kansas City in the last, say 6, 7, 8 years, you don't know what it's like not to be the a FC West champs. You don't know what it's like not to play in the a FC championship game. 'cause that's all, you know, it's like a family that goes on vacation. They don't know what it's like not to go on vacation during the summer. Our black ass didn't know what it was like to go on vacation during the summer.


So you like, damn. I mean, I'm like, man, I sure wish they could, I wish they stopped going on vacation. Why you So don't you want your team to beat him? I thought you to beat the man. You gotta beat the man to beat the champ. You gotta beat the champ. Listen. I like, Hey, that game gonna be so good, man. Yes. At least we, that's what we hoping It's Saturday or Sunday. It's Sunday. Sunday. Both games on Sunday, same time like three and six 30, I think three and 6, 6 30, something Like that. And, and the thing that my prediction, I I I predicted listen my homes and is great. The chiefs are great. Spags the defense and, and and what they're, what they're doing is great. And Josh Allen has played phenomenal football this year.


And one of the, one of the things that's always been Achilles's heel is turning the ball over and he's fixed that. Yep. He, that I and I, people ask me who, who's gonna win the game? And I said, the team or the quarterback that makes the fewest mistakes, the team of the quarterback that makes the fewest mistakes. So I had to score, I had to score the game being low. And with the way Josh Allen is playing, if you can play like he played last week, I turn the ball over, protect the ball. Everyone makes the plays they need to make, I say they have a good chance at finally beating the greatness. That is Patrick Exercises those demons. Yeah. Be because here's the thing, Ocho people keep saying, well, you know, can, does Josh Allen has to be Superman? No, he doesn't.


He can be Clark kid as long as he don't turn the ball over. We've seen him beat Superman in certain situations. But Turner is be his undoing. As long as he doesn't turn the ball over, they have an excellent chance of winning the game. Yeah. And if you look at Josh's history, more times than not, when he takes care of the football, they win or they're in position to win. When you start turning the ball over late, you can talk about division around, go back and look. Last week, the teams that turned the ball over, they lost all of 'em. It all of them. It's really that simple. The teams that turn the football over lose. As you go further, you pay more and more pri a heavier, heavier price. Right. For turning the football over. But you know, that's, that's what you get ocho when the team is win.


Because we're not used to seeing teams win. Like, like the Chiefs, we, we got the, the, the Patriots did it and we like, oh. So we done with that now until, we ain't gotta worry about seeing that 20, 30 years. Hold on. How does the Patriots, they fall off when they lose Tom Brady. And there's Patrick Mahomes right here to, just to pick right back Up. Yeah. Because I don't know if you know this ojo, but animals, like, if you have an infect, like if you have a a a squirrel or a raccoon problem. Yeah. If you get rid of them and you don't board it up, another fa another family will come in because those animals are territorial. So if one move, the other one will move right in. It's Kinda like a, just like an abandoned building.


You got homeless people living in it. If you don't board it up, guess what? You move one that set out, They gonna come another somebody coming Right back in. Right. So if you don't fix this problem, they got a good quarterback they got, so they got the next quarterback in line to Tom Brady. Why are we surprised? Hmm. It's gonna be, it's gonna be like this for a while. And we got a long way to go. Now He's 29. Long way to go. He's 29. Yeah. Now there are a lot of great young quarterbacks. There are good quarter, there are a lot of great young quarterbacks. I mean, big Ben was a good quarterback. Philip River was a good quarterback. Peyton Manning was in the league at the time. There were a lot of quarterbacks in the league. Donovan Mcna was in the league at the time.


Steve McNair was in the league at the time. Drew Brees was in the league at the time. Yeah. Let's not pretend there weren't no good quarterbacks in the league when Tom was in. Yeah. They were. He just happened to be at the top of the pecking order. So until somebody beat 'em and you're gonna, Hey, don't think now you can knock 'em because Cincinnati knocked them off one year and guess what? They came back and got two more. So just because you knock a off, don't think that's the end of them now. Oh. Because remember from Tom Brady from the time he won his third until he won his fourth, there's a decade lapse and everybody said, oh yeah, we don't see that's the end of It. Nah. That man came back and went. Fomo.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the leave. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out of network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, O Joe, we got a very special guest joining us. Very good friend I met, had a conversation with him, asked him would he join us from time to time. A great guy, great financial guy, had some great ideas of how and what you should do if you get some money, how you can save your money. He and I had a great conversation talking about, he told me like, if your assets are on your ass, you not set. So without any, without any further ado, let's give it up. Good friend of mine, John o' Bryant. John, how you doing? All good, my man. Good to be with you. Good To be with you. So a couple of weeks ago you did a, You know what, you know, you know what? You know what I, the ladies, I the ladies had talked to me about you since you were at the farm.


And they said, you know, you know what the biggest thing on Shannon Sharp is? I was like, I don't know if I don't, the answer to this question said no. The biggest thing on Shannon Sharp, his credit score, he got hundred credit score. He, he, he's got an 800 credit score credit. He said, this brother's making smart, sexy. We've been making dumb sexy for way too long. We've gone down and celebrated it. It's time to make smart, sexy again. You wanna impress me? Give me a get an a in math. You wanna impress me? Yeah. Right. Don't just be cute when you go club tonight. When you go to the club tonight, you ask her her name.


Yeah, you fine. And then what's your credit score? That's your partner for white. But anyway, I heard that you're a very high credit score. Shannon. Kudos to you, brother. So I am, I'm trying to get it back to eight 50. I'm trying to get it back to eight 50. It, it is been real slow to get back to, to, to get it back up there. But I'm trying. Yeah. Hey bro, brother John, I'm, I'm glad you opened up with that and I'm glad you opened up with the credit score thing for the people that are in the chat. And I see this discourse many times, especially on Twitter, where people are always arguing there, there'll, there'll be a, a, a, a question, would you rather 800 credit score or a certain amount of money? And it'd be a, it, it'd be a lot of money. Let's say just a million dollars or, or, or it might be. And every time on Twitter, they arguing for hours and hours at a time and everybody chooses a certain amount of money as opposed to a credit score.


For those that are in the chat, can you please explain to them how important it is to have a credit score over any amount of money? People don't People see the, the dollar figures and the amount of money and they forget credit. I want the lump sum of money. Yeah. Ambassador Andrew Young, who was Dr. Was Dr. King, by the way. Good to see you, Chad. Yes, sir. God bless you, man. Both of you guys are legends. Well, when Ambassador Young was on that balcony with Doc Dr. King when he was assassinated, he's also built the city I'm in now. The only international city in the American south. The biggest economy in the south, the 10 largest economy in the us. And he would say to live in a system of free enterprise and not to understand the rules of free enterprise must be the very definition of slavery.


Mm. So, wow. So you make money. My boy, Tony Russer billionaire to taught me this lesson, you make money during the day. He owns Atlanta. Atlanta Hawks for those who are just, are sports fanatic fanatics. That's how he made his money. That that was originally his toy. It was just something to play with. Now it's worth billions. But he, he made his money in finance actually in Aries management anyway, built his wealth, A really good guy. He says, you make your money during the day. You build wealth in your sleep. Mm. Okay. So this is a similar situation. People become obsessed with the wrong thing. You asked a very good question. I want to get that cash. Wanna get this dollar? I wanna get this bag. Won't get this money. I wanna give it useless.


Completely useless. Money has a velocity. It's not stopping. It will go. And if you're financially illiterate, people who are literate, will, will, will separate you from that dollar. 92% of all GDP of blacks in America, 1.6, $1.7 trillion we generate and spend every year. 92% is consumption. So the man, if you wanna call it that, he knows you're just gonna go spend it. They don't need to hire you to be the, the, the spokesman for Louis Vuitton. You gonna be a walking billboard for it anyway. They don't need to hire sports figures to be, to be to be Gucci boots, sports people and, and whatever the brands are, they're gonna wear it on anyway because our assets are all too often on our a SS.


So we are, because we, we are with the rules of publish on the playing fullest level. We kill it. Special sports, the arts, politics, faith, the rules are published in the plain field's level. But we've never been taught capitalism and free enterprise and financial literacy, which I consider to be financial literacy is a civil rights issue of this generation. So if you, it's what you don't know that you don't know that's killing you, but you think, you know, so now I'm gonna drop a bomb here. That makes a point that that money in of itself is absolutely useless. If I gave a homeless guy, I was homeless at six months of my life when I was 18 years old, it was economic homeless. Most homelessness is mental illness and depression and, and other things, drugs.


If I was, if you give a homeless man a million dollars and to do nothing else of Trump, he'll be broke in six months. Mm. 'cause if nothing changes here, my mindset and then nothing changes here, values, then nothing's gonna change. Here and here. You'll walk away from your money or somebody will walk away with your money. And we wanna blame the man for these bad contracts are in the music business and bad co You signed it. The Klan didn't tell you to sign it. Nobody hit up in your head with a butcher knife and said, sign that contract. You said, y'all, I don't need to. I I I, I just wanna, I just wanna do the music.


I just wanna, I just wanna play ball. I don't wanna mess around with that. It's the music business. It's the business of music. It's the sports business. It's the business of sports. And, and to, so, so we are brilliant in so many ways. We've been doing so much with so little for so long. We can almost do anything with nothing. But we're never taught financial literacy. There was a Freeman's bank created in 1865 after the Civil War. Abraham Lincoln did it with Frederick Douglas and he was killed the next month for, for that. And promising blacks the right to vote. The bank failed. We never were taught how money works. So it's, in some ways it's not our fault, but we live in a capitalist democracy.


So all these folks, 70% of those who win the lottery, 70% broke in five years. Wow. Broke. So all this stuff about gimme that money, gimme that dot. I'm gonna be really dramatic here. Let's take all the money in the world, including mine, including yours, including Shannon's. Chad, let's take, because we're, we're green. Really. We're not black at this point. We're, we're green. We've made it take all our money with all the, with everybody else's money. The top 3%. We just made the whole world socialist now redistributed to everybody in the world equally, within three years we're we'll have.


Yep. If you don't do anything else, we'll all have it back. Because somebody understands how capitalism and freedom enterprise and money works, and somebody's understand how to spend it. People say, I can be a millionaire. I won't go broke. Yes, you will. Millionaires go broke every day You could. A billionaire can go broke. Yeah. It's hard. But you go broke. If your outflow exceeds your inflow, then your overhead will be your downfall. What you really want is mindset, knowledge. You know what I like about Shannon? He came into the Hope Global Forum. We had the Hope Global Forum, and my man just was nosy. I asked Quincy Jones, how'd you get so smart? I'm just nosy as hell. I wanna know everything about everything.


He was nosy. He was all up in everybody's business asking this billionaire question, asking that billionaire question, asking that CEOA question all up in my face, asking me questions, trying to learn what he doesn't know. That You don't know what you don't know. John, lemme ask you this. I, and I don't, I don't know if you know this off the top of your head, but I I was reading, like in the Jewish community, the dollar stays there like 43, 45 days in the Asian community. It stays there like 20 days. And the white community stays there like 10 days, 15 days in the black community. It stayed there like two minutes. That's right. And that, and that's where the pit stop.


I, we ocho and I had a conversation. We'd have a conversation that Ocho was like, yes. So, so Doc, if I gave somebody, if I gave a person $380,000 and that's all the money I ever they gave and they weren't working. What? They're 20 years old. Let's just say 25, 30, would that money last them a Lifetime? It won't last 'em six months. Look, it happens every day. It's called lawsuit settlements. It happens every day. Do you know, you go to urban radio stage? Let's, let's have a real conversation. I mean, because Malcolm X said we've been bamboozled, we've been tricked, we've been fooled, we've been hoodwinked.


That applies to so much. President Bill Clinton once said, it's hard if somebody agree to the truth when the lie is paying their paycheck. Here the book ends usual statements of bookends, hood wing, bamboozle. Let us let astray run them up. Yeah. The other comment, it's hard to get somebody to agree to the truth if a lie is paying the paycheck. Now in the middle, it's financial literacy. Now you go to an urban radio station focusing our community and listen to the ads. 80% of the ads are pivot law firms.


Lawsuits. I mean, high interest rate, you know, seat paper, mortgages, seat paper, all on loans is right there in broad daylight. I'm gonna go one step further. And we, so they get the, they get these settlements, slip and falls, whatever, you know, people running in front of cars and tripping. By the way, criminal AI is gonna make criminality really a bad business. These policies, cameras and artificial intelligence, you need to get a new gig that, that, that day is, is soon. And I mean the next couple years over. But anyway, back to this point. You go to our neighborhood, you go to a place where we grew up and here's what you see. Check capture next to a payday loan lender.


Mm. Next to a rental owned store. Next to a title lender, next to a liquor store, next to pawn shop, fast food store restaurant, and a church down the street trying to make you feel a little bit better once a week. That's your neighborhood psychologist. That's your neighborhood strength. We, we don't wanna admit we crazy. Oh, I, I can't go to a psychologist or street. Somebody might think I'm crazy If you black in America and don't think you're crazy, you're crazy. So we go there hoop and holler. Used to. That's one of our problems. We don't go to church anymore. We don't have any spirituality anymore. That's a whole nother conversation. We've been really hood awake now.


'cause now we think money's got, we think materialisms God, we think some rappers got Anyway, so, so now the one place you could go in hoop and holler, we don't go there anymore. That, that, that's So you don't go crazy. Now, literally, you're being picked a 500 credit score neighborhood. The all you see, the only place you see those places. Or is it a 500 credit score neighborhood, by the way, black and brown, brown, urban, poor, white, ruined. Now you go 15 minutes away in every city in America, I've mapped every zip code to earn by credit scores. A Hope Financial, the Hope Financial Wellness Index, and go on my website and put you put in your, put your zip code.


I'll tell you your credit score in your neighborhood. I'll tell you how you living. You go 15 minutes away from that zip code and you're in a 700 credit score neighborhood in Chicago. I think it's Lincoln something. And then 15 minutes from there. I think it's Garfield Park or something. 500 versus 700. 700 versus 500. You go, you know, Atlanta's the same thing. LA's the same thing every, wherever you are now. And that's selling the critical neighborhood. Two pair of households, prime financing, 75% home ownership rate, prime, almost nonexistent. Whole foods sit down restaurants, proper businesses, mainstream banks.


Right? 15 minutes away. A third world country. We think this is normal. This is why you cannot give somebody 350, $380,000 and think that there's forget a lifetime. It won't last 'em a year. I said six months. I'll be gracious. It won't, if you're outflow see your inflow, then your overhead will be your downfall. I'm gonna go one step further. We are brilliant. Black Americans are literally geniuses. We came here enslaved. My second great grandfather on my mother's, my dad's side, and my second great grandmother on my mother's side, both slaves. My grandfather was a sharecropper. So I I'm talking from a real place. We come from nothing.


I come from the bottom cortel of poverty in Compton, in South Central to the top 1% in one lifetime. Because of what we're talking about and me understanding how this system actually works. Now, we we're brilliant and we're geniuses. Imagine what would've happened. Imagine what would happened, Shannon, if we had a black Jewish business plan. Mm. Imagine what would happen. Explain what if we didn't have a 40% whole ownership. Go ahead Shannon. Were you about to say I wanted to, I want you to explain what that means and what that actually is. Yeah. All something versus talking about something. You know, poor people talk about other people. Mm. Wealthy people talk about their ideas.


Mm. Go to a barbershop, go to a nail salon in black community. Go. I'm not talking about us. I'm helping her to help us listen to what we're talking about. We're talking about mostly other people. You go ahead. Go ahead Chad. You, you like Chad or aren't you single by the way? No. It, it doesn't matter what you call me. I'm may answer. I have a question. Okay. One of the things you just said, the others talk about their ideas and how they can work together. When it comes to us, we have a problem working together because we don't wanna see each, each other win. We're always in competition with each other as opposed to other ethnicities. They're more so, okay, if you have this idea, well I'm gonna pick you up.


And then whoever's above him, well I'm gonna pick you up where they always, they always work in unison. And a very small percentage of us wanna see each other win or help us get to a level where we want to, alright, we wanna see you win. You know what? I don't wanna see, I wanna see Joe win, but I don't wanna see him doing better than me. Would you like me to tell you why? Why low self-esteem? So check this out. If you're African American, by the way, there only, there are only African American ghettos in America. There are pa there are places where Italians live, where Polish people live.


There are places where Caribbean blacks live. There are places where black Africans live. There are places, I wanna make sure I put black people in this, but there's only African American ghettos in America. Inner cities that are magnet in a holding place for poverty. How, what's that relate to? To when we people say, oh, African Americans. Y'all lazy, not intelligent. Really? So you went 400 years ago, halfway around the world in an agricultural economy to go get dummies from Africa and walk them all the way across the world at incredible expense and brought 'em to America because we're stupid. No, no, no, no, no. We were agricultural geniuses of the land.


I'm, I'm coming to your, I'm coming to your point now. Okay. They, they had this soil in the American south that was a gold mine. It produced crops that were incredible goldmines, cotton and, and tobacco. It's gold mines. In fact, ha, Haiti was the wealthiest, the wealthiest outpost for France in the world was Haiti. And that's a whole nother story. We get to it before we end because that's the reason America exists is Haiti. But lemme come back to this for a minute. So now they bring us over here. Now these guys as big as view in Shannon. Now, high self-esteem, confidence, your tribal leaders, your chieftains, they captured you. They brought you here, but they got a big, the self-esteem outta you.


Mm. The first thing you gonna do is fight. You see your wife being abused. You see your children being sold off. I'm not trying to start a a a a, anybody getting anybody worked up, I'm trying to explain to them how we get to this low self-esteem. So you, they're abusing your wife. They're holding you down. They takes quite, they eat people to hold she day. They're holding him down just until he stops fighting. Because that means he realize he cannot do anything to help his wife. They broke his spirit. They're not trying to break his body. They eat his body. They're trying to break his spirit. We're not human beings having a spiritual experience. We're spiritual beings having a human experience.


Energy matters. So now they sold your kids off in a different direction. So you don't have any hope for that. Most dangerous personal worlds, a person with no hope. They now abused your wife. You can't do any protect her now. You just broke a broken man just for the way they need you now. They put you to work building these crops. By the way, blacks and whites, poor blacks and whites were friends in the 16 hundreds in Americans on the plantation. True fact is, again, some of this we wanted to, which had to be able to go deep on. But to answer your question, they had to break your spirit. They had to keep you away from books. They had to not teach you financial literacy. They had to, they needed you to have confidence in, in taking dead soil and bringing it back to life.


What we experts at Africa is hot. The soil d dies all the time. We were geniuses of the land bringing it back to life. What's the largest un attack natural resource in the world today? To this day? It's Africa. That's where everybody needs, by the way. Africa is the, is the future to the American demo. I mean world demographics because the youngest people in the, in the world are in Nigeria. Anyway, back to this story. So now you've got high confidence today, let's fast forward. Now, African Americans, we're killing it in many, many sectors. We have incredible confidence because we're competent, but we have low self-esteem. So if I don't like me, I'm not gonna like you. If I don't feel good about me, I'm not gonna feel good about you.


If I don't respect me, don't expect me to respect you. If I don't love me, I don't have a clue how to love you. And here's a big one. If I don't have a purpose in my life, I'm make your life a living hell. Because whatever goes around comes around and hurt people. Hurt people. There you go with crab in the barrel. So now you have all these smart people who are hooked on cash, not building wealth, hooked on giving it away versus collecting it. Hooked on transactions versus relationships. Hooked on what I got to get versus what I have to get. Being told religion isn't important anymore. Forget about that. And spirituality. Now the devil's got you. When, when, when you and Shannon get up in the morning and me the devil says, oh shit, they're up.


There's not enough of us because I, when you succeed, I don't, I love it. I have applaud you. I don't have a self-esteem problem. It's okay if you don't like me. I like me. So, so, but self-esteem and AOGs are two different things. So what do we need? Five pillars of success. So my last mo financial literacy for all is the bestseller one. Before that was up from nothing, one before that, six of 'em. But this la the one before that, up from nothing had five pillars. As much education as you can shove down your throat. How do we reverse what we're talking about? Cinco, as much education as you can shove down your throat. That's why you see books all around me in my office. I'm always reading. That's why again, Shannon, nosy, you're nosy. I love it. Number two, understanding how the, the language of money works.


Financial literacy is as important as the right to vote as a four year education. A 700 credit score is, is as important as a four year college degree. Yes, I said it and everybody who works for me is a college degree. And they better have a good credit score because you, you never had a a, a billionaire didn't do it on good debt. You never had a, a successful country or city that didn't do it on good debt. You cannot succeed unless you understand how the system works. And you need cheap access to good credit. Mm. Number three, you need self-esteem and confidence number. Well number three, you need, we need family structure and resilience. Number three. Number four, you need self-esteem and confidence. We just covered that. Number five, you need role models in the right environment.


So why do our kids wanna be lar athletes and drug dealers to the exclusion of everything else? 'cause that's all they see in our neighborhoods. A symbols of success. We're not dumb and we, stupid world brilliant. We're modeling what we see. Let's give the kids something different to see. Let's widen their aperture. Let, let's make smart sexy again. Let's make forget Black Lives matter. Let's make black capitalists matter. Mm. So, so that's why I say a black Jewish business plan. Number one way you build wealth in America. Home ownership. What, what do we argue about endlessly? 'cause we, 41, 42, 40 3% of black people own a home compared to 75% of our mainstream counterparts read white.


The whole tax code in America is designed to support credit scores. I'm sorry, do design to support home ownership. But we wanna argue about John. You know, there's somebody probably in the chat right now. Oh, you, you talking about we don't own the home. The bank owns a home. If you don't pay, I mean, I can go with this all day. This you, you, I like math because it doesn't have an opinion. But, but no one taught us this. I mean, this is basic stuff. Three things have never gone down in value. Stock market value, real estate values and GDP of America, gross Domestic Pro in the history of America, gone up.


There was a recession and receded and corrected above the law every time.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. You're just like, do I send the Heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad named RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love You by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're gonna all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure to cause a ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


But John, John, lemme ask you this, but here's the thing though, John, you know, in order to really invest in a stock, you gotta have what we call disposable income. Yeah. If you using check, if you live living check to check if you gotta pay a mortgage or rent. If you gotta pay a car note and you gotta pay bills, that leaves you very little disposable income. Right. In order to put into the market. So therefore there, why, like a lot of people that don't have disposable income, it's hard for them to accumulate, forget generational wealth just enough that when they retire, right? Because I ain't really counting on, I ain't really counting on Medicaid and Medicare to take care of Shannon Sharp. So I I I'm just, I'm just like, Hey, that's gonna be over with. But when you don't, so how would one that has very little or marginal disposable income accumulate something that when, when they retire, they have something, they have a nice little nest, nest egg.


So you got, you don't have a self-esteem problem, Shannon. No. Hell no. I Love me. So you won't, you won't have a problem on me when I say to you that what you just said is wrong. Okay? Now, now, when it comes to professional sports and the whole words, I, I gotta come to you and just shut up because I don't know, I have no clue. Okay? But there's occasionally, occasionally I might have something that I can give to you and just was a beautiful setup that is just incorrect. Okay? My mother worked 32, 32 years at McDonald Douglas's aircraft making $15 an hour. She died, okay? September last with a million dollar network. She had bought and sold seven homes. Her credit score, like you was 8 54, I believe it was. It used to go over eight 50.


It was 8 54. So when, so when, when someone, when somebody's watching this says, well, Shannon just made a great point and he didn't make a great point. Here you go. I don't have any disposable income. You went to Starbucks last week smoking cigarettes. If you, if you go to smart Starbucks three times a week and you've got a cigarette habit that's $6,000 a year, you making 36,000 a year, that's 20% of your income. I'll let that sink in for a minute. The cigarettes on the box says, this shit will kill you. Like, I don't know if I can say that in your pocket. This stuff will kill you. You all right? So stop smoking cigarettes and go get you a cured machine at all and make your own coffee.


You've now just recaptured three grand, two grand. Take that. Put it in the, by the way, don't even do that. Just do, just stop doing silly stuff like going on a fast food restaurant every other night. Cook something at home. It won't. By the way, Mike, extend your life because you cannot have a soul food diet for the rest of your life and live to 80 years old. There are no 300 pounds 80 year olds. And that's a desire, a diagnosis for slavery. Because they put the, anyway, back to this point, they working it off Doc. Huh? You could eat like, you could eat like that when you were in those fields working 14 hours a day, you had to because they threw the, they, they threw the worst parts of the animal out back as a disrespect to you. Yeah. All you can do is turn it into a galaxy whole cake.


Yes. Grit, hog, mos pig, feet fried chicken ox oxtail, neck bone, oxtails. I love oxtail. And you can, I do. And we put salt on all the meat. So it didn't die in the heat, right? Yes. You had to cure it. Salt preserves. You are absolutely right. Right? So I love soul food twice a month, not three times a day. That's why b black folks are inflamed. We're not fat. We are inflamed. 75% of all disease. My wife change was a wellness expert. She'll tell you, 75% of all disease lives on inflammation. Inflammation. What is in comes from bad. The gut environment bad. Back to this example, let's assume that you don't have A-A-A-A-I about to say crackhead habit.


You don't have a a a Starbucks or cigarette alcohol. Yeah, listen, you don't have that. You just wasting a little bit of money. Take $25 that you were gonna go spend on whatever and do fractional share investment. Okay? You can buy a fraction of Warren Buffett's company, a $25 fraction of a share in target, tar Walmart. You know, wherever you, whatever you're dressed in, whatever you like, go buy that and do, do whatever you can afford. $5, $10, one. You can do a dollar fractional share. Don't tell me what you cannot do. Earned it. So somebody watching this, you're about to get somebody some money. Somebody watching this, I'm gonna say, you got a check coming to you because of Ochocinco and Shannon Shark.


You gotta check five, six, 10,000, maybe $20,000. It's called the EITC. People will say, what's that? The minute somebody in your check says, what's that? Congratulations. If you make less than $60,000 a year, which is half of this country, you just got a check from the federal government through, through Shannon Sharp and Ochocinco. It's called the EITC. If you make $38,000 a year, you live in a small town. You listening to this podcast, you have three children. The government owes you a check for working. It's not a handout for $7,500, about 7,000, $7,500. If you've never filed, it's retroactive for three years. That's 20 grand. One outta four Americans who qualify for it.


Never even asked for, that's $20 billion a year, Shannon. Wow. That, that's black people, to be real clear, that's us. We don't have a tax pro. We, we don't everybody doing our taxes. So, so, and if you're renting for the same cost of a mortgage payment, you should be owning the house rent to own. You're, you're, you're, you're, you're paying money uptown with people who don't like you with money. You don't have to buy something. You can't afford to be some place that people don't want you there in a, in a doorman in a house that you're, that I own. I'm the landlord. I'm literally the landlord. I I'm the, I was, I felt I'm the largest minority owner of single family rental homes in America. Well, I was, I bought, I built this company, promise Homes Company owned 700 homes between here and Florida.


I sold most of the company in 2021. And I did that over five years. And, and I encourage people not to rent from me. Rent and get out, go buy a house. So it's a misnomer that you can't do this. Whether you believe you can, or whether you believe you can't, you're right. Is the glass half full or is it a half empty? Depends with looking at the glass, one thing I know about you two, you're optimist over the round and through it, you gonna get to it. You gonna run over somebody to do it. Is that right? That's exactly what your listeners should be, should be doing. Never say never. Don't say, I can't do this. It's impossible because I'm making a little money.


No, you, you, you gotta have the right habits. Most of success is hustle and good habits and optimism. Money's overrated. I never focus on money and I got more than I need. I never focus on it. I focus on passion, Congress, authenticity, what I can, what I, what I, I'm, anyway, I'm trying. Look, I can, I can move somebody's credit score listening to you is making 40,000. I can turn a homeowner and a year I can get your credit score up in 54 points in six months through my hope financial coaching, I can get your debt down $3,800, your savings up $1,200 in six to eight months of doing it through. I have 1500 offices at Operation Hope that do financial coaching for free inside of bank branches.


So the bank then says yes to youth to become a home. I'm not talking theory to you, brother. I've done four and a half billion dollars. I've invested four and a half billion dollars in the black and brown neighborhoods through Operation Hope, with the exact stuff we're talking about. This is not theory. John, if we going to get you outta here on this, what would be your one, what would be your one best piece of advice you could give our Chad tonight? Get off your rear end and stop complaining and stop whining. Race. Stop obsessing with stuff. It's like, look, racism is like rain. It's either falling some place or it's gathering. So get out an umbrella and the color your like, and start strolling through it.


'cause it's not going to change. It's been around since Jesus. It's not gonna change. So you must, that's a good one. Get your head right. Get your mind right. Get your spirit right. Get your life right. Get outta your own way. Realize that you're God's child. If you're, no one has these fingerprints there completely unique and near yours, and you could be great. You can be Ochocinco and Shannon Sharp because they were once you, you can be John O'Brien, you can be charlamagne. You, you can be who you can be, Stephen A. Smith. But there's no billionaire. There's no billionaire who's who. There's no entertainer or no sports figure who's a billionaire who didn't do it by cross without crossing over into business.


Yeah. It's the only way. You can't, Hundred percent. You can't sell enough movie tickets or tick or, or, or, or concert tickets of merchandise or you, you can't do it with the, with your single going back. Can't do with that. Cash won't get there. You build wealth in your sleep. Stocks, bonds, home ownership investments, businesses one MBB in operation. We created a half a billion, sorry, a half a million black businesses since George Floyd's murder. I'm committed to create a million black businesses by 2030. This is a black Jewish business plan, right? And, and there's only 3.1 million black businesses in America. We've already created four 50,000 of 'em, just under 500,000. That's 12% give or take of of, of the national average.


And I'm not gonna stop because this is the, one of the ways that we can do it well, using our hustle, our talents. Don't just, don't just stand on the mic. Own that damn thing. Don't walk the mic. Own the mic rental company. Own the, the stage rental company. Own the port porta-potties at the movie studio in the video shoot. Own the lighting system that gets rented. Nobody, these companies don't own that stuff. They rent that stuff being a rental company. The the VIP bracelets. But own the company that prints those things and sell it to the nightclub. Stop being a fool, going to the nightclubs, meaning $500 on a bottle of champagne. It costs him 25. Be the company sells them the bottles. Don't go to the club.


Own the club I was with, I was with the Mike Maples, who's a one of the top 20 venture capitals. I'm sorry, I'm passion. I'm not talking too much. No, go ahead bro. Go ahead. Go ahead, go ahead. My mother. Yeah, my mother always said, you don't be the old guy in the club. He's easy. So before y'all get out, I'm gonna leave. Right? So this guy named Mike Maples, he's a big venture capitalist in Silicon Valley. I was talking to him one day. I said, Mike, tell me about your family. Oh, I was just normal family, Mike, I didn't ask you that. And didn't you tell me about your family? Well, my dad worked for Microsoft. Okay, what do you do with Microsoft? Oh, he works for Bill Gates. I said, look, technically everybody works for Bill Gates.


Yeah. Like what did he do? By the way, we need a black bill Gates as much as we need a black president, by the way, because I would create more. I create other billionaires, other sent millionaires, a hundred million other multimillionaires who then create philanthropy in their neighborhoods who hire people who look like them, mentor people who look like them. The cascade effect of that would be incredible. Back to this example. So I said I worked for my for, for Bill Gates. Okay. I asked him 14 questions. He probably said, well, he was a president of, of software. I said, hold on, slow down. Did you just say your dad was in p was the president of software at Microsoft. So he really did work for Bill Gates, right? I said, you said your normal, your life was normal.


Tell me more. Tell me about your first business. Well, you know, my dad, I started this little business. I forget what it was, was, you know, whatever newspaper, business, whatever it was, I forget it was, he was 12 years old and he made this the biggest business in his neighborhood. And he went to his dad one day. Here's the point. He said, eh, I'm so excited. I I have made this the biggest business in our neighborhood. I'm gonna sell this business to Disney Mindset is Mike Meag senior said, I'm ashamed of you, son. We don't think like that in this household. I raised you better than that. I'm sitting scratching my head going, wait a minute. The kid just said, I'm a businessman. I'm gonna sell my business now. Right to Disney.


He said, no, no, no. In this household, we don't build a business to sell it to Disney. We build a business to buy Disney. Wow. Drop the mic. What is Mike Maples doing today? Buying businesses. You model what you see. So we need to, we, we need to, we need to become what we wanna see. Look, anybody out there saying, let's just give it away. Even if you want to distribute money like a socialist, you gotta first collect it like a capitalist. So anybody out there who has a problem with what we've been saying in this last hour, let me say this to you. You try government, charity, you try social justice, you try guilt, you do try whatever you tried.


We've tried a bunch of stuff. It ain't worked. Right? Why don't you try capitalism? Hello. It seems to work for everybody else. Everybody who's tried to use free enterprise and capitalism to set themselves free has succeeded. We're brilliant. Why can't we do it? We can. We just have never tried. That's what I'm teaching at scale. That's what you're doing. When I, I listen to you, you did a whole thing. When you're talking about credit scores, when you, I, I mean I remember you said 800 do you don't Now everybody was thinking, well, if I wanna be like Shannon, I need an 800 credit score. Ochocinco be dropping, be dropping some gems, and, and you you asked me, you be weaving knowledge.


Charlemagne is very good at this weaving knowledge and education into the entertainment that's at scale. We gotta make this mainstream right now. Dang, John, I appreciate you joining us tonight. That's what we're gonna do from time to time. Our job here at clubs at Nightcap is to not only entertain, that's what we do. We inform people about what transpired in the, in the game and and so forth and so on. But we also like to educate people. We like people because we want to see our people succeed. And what better way to do it is that people that's been successful, sometimes they get, we gets redundant here from OCHO and I and sometimes we need to bring a new voice in someone that's succeeded on a grander scale that can speak to things that Ocho and I we need help understanding and talking about.


So for you to come on tonight and educate our, our, our, our group, our chat, we greatly, greatly appreciate that. Well, lemme say this, I think you're brilliant. I think what you've done here is brilliant. I think that you guys are a great partnership. You played very well on each other. And I think it's very elegantly done. And it's, it, it, and I, I love, I love seeing you shine. I love seeing you succeed. And other people I know, Bishop TD Jakes and Charlemagne and Stephen A. Smith, they're all rooting for you and that beautiful thing, a black man loving on another black man and completely straight. Right? So, so your audience, I want you to hear now, this last thing, anybody, all of the folks who wanna be ball players and football, God bless you, fantastic, no problem with it.


But 70% of all those in the NBA 70% of all those in professional football bankrupt five years after retirement. Two, two years. Excuse me. Thank you Ocho you would know better than me. I was being conservative. Wow. And by the way, and then your wife leaves you. Yeah. So this, this is, if, if your outflow needs your inflow and your over is gonna be a downfall. If you've made all this money your whole life and you're now used toing you protecting you, serving you, giving you a paycheck, right? And then the paycheck stops. But your lifestyle is at a point where the bills keep coming and everybody else around you expects you to fund their lifestyle and you're not doing them a favor, by the way, all this posse that you're funding, you're not doing them a favor 'cause they can't take care of themselves.


You need people to be self-reliant, give them a hand up, not a hand out. And then when they, when you need help, they can't come to help you. Correct? 'cause you're the source. So we've gotta get our line wise because even when those who are succeeding at the top of their game aren't using an opportunity to turn an income into wealth, that, that, that pays you when you're asleep. So you can be Reggie Jackson, you, you can be Magic Johnson. Yes. You can be Michael Jordan. You can be Shannon Sharp. There's, you know, there's a whole list of the folks who got you done this right? Hey, John, I need a couple of those cars that Reggie got, you know, gie got a big car. Richie's calling, man, Reggie is calling.


He's, he's funny. John, thank you so much. I really appreciate that man. I'll be in touch with you. You know, you and I, we talk, we gonna get together and do the have a shoot the fat, sit down and do some business together. Bro, I really appreciate what you're doing for our community and, and, and part and partake in wisdom on our chat tonight. So I greatly appreciate that, man. My, my pleasure seeing you love and light. Everybody go out and get financial literacy for all. It's my newest book. Peace and Light and go get a go get operational counseling. I'll give you a thousand dollars free scholarships to go to operational help get a year's worth of coaching and counseling. So don't say that Shannon didn't do anything for you. Shannon and Ojos. Thank you boss. Thank you. Appreciate that. That was John O. Bryant.


He's brilliant. Ojo. I know. I mean the way he can lay out, the way he can explain it to you, the what you should buy. And that's what you have to do. You know, people are like, well I ain't got no money. It's funny, you ain't got no money, but you got money to stop by Starbucks, drive through every day and buy a $5 to a $7 latte. Yeah. And you know, you Got money to do that. You got money, you got money to go on all these vacations. I, I've never understood borrowing money to go on a vacation. I've never understood that. So maybe that's just me. I'm not gonna go, if I can't go and pay for it, I'm not finna go into debt to do it. Yeah. And you know, one of the things I've always had you notice, I know you always talking about you don't go on vacation, but I also don't go on vacation until I put in some type of work.


I see people listen, there's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with that. Just my mindset is a little different. Unless I, when I think about going on vacation, vacation, to me the reason for going on vacation is because I put in a certain amount of work and the body needs to reset. I need to, to have a, a, a, a mental lapse of just, of calmness and peace. Yes. I just go on vacation just to be going on vacation, just take pictures and have fun. I never saw the point in that. But don't That just me personally, Can I ask you a question? Don't you? How can I go on vacation and I'm worried the whole time, how the hell am I'm gonna pay for this? That ain't no, that ain't no piece ocho. I mean, I've gotta get away.


Like I ain't gotta worry in the world. I know when I get back, I still got, I got my mortgage gonna be paid, the car payment gonna be paid X amount of money going to savings, yada, yada, yada. I, I don't have to worry about paying for this vacation. Yeah. If I'm on the vacation and I'm like, oh Lord have mercy. Woo. I pro, I pro, I sure probably shouldn't have come. And I hear people say, oh ooh, I don't know how I'm pay for this. But I worry about that later, huh. Yeah. You make that, that that charge is gonna magically disappear on your credit card and they charge, I don't know what credit card rate is 'cause I pay all my probably what, what's credit card rate? 15, 20% and you pay, you got a 5,000, 10,000 credit card and you sending in 200 a month.


What the hell you going to do? Yo kid, somebody else gonna be paying that off. It all starts with one, one of the key things that he did say that I always talk about, I mean those that have follow me throughout the years, I always talk about financial literacy and having, having a discipline. If you don't have discipline, it doesn't matter what amount of money they give you, you gonna run through it, it Gonna be gone. You gonna run through it. That's why when that argument on Twitter happens every, every so often where people talk about credit score and a certain amount of money and I see all the Twitter go with, oh I want this amount of money because where it is, I'm gonna just pay it off and then I'm gonna flip it and I'm gonna do this. They got all these ideas, not really understand it. That's not how it works. Ocho remember I told you the story. I was in the NFL and my credit was so bad I couldn't get a car.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A prime example. I couldn't get a car. And so, I mean now if you got, if you wanna pay cash from everything, they'll graciously accept it. But nah, I, if I got that kinda cash, I'm gonna put it away. I wanna put a large portion of it away and let it work for me because I know I'm gonna get somewhere between four and 8%. Yeah, I ain't trying to, I ain't trying to pay no car. I ain't trying to put $200,000 to pay a car for 200,000 or however the car cost. 30,000. 40,000. Right. Or pay. Or I want to get a house and I gotta pay for the whole house paid off or I either to get, nah, hell nah. No, That's just me. But John, we really appreciate you.


Hopefully Chad, you enjoyed that conversation about how to, you know, financial be financially and fiscally responsible because at the end of the day, ain't nobody coming to save you. Oh, now you, you can hope, you can hope. And we not, we not doing political. Hey, I've made peace with the decision that the American public made on November that second, that second Tuesday in November. I've made peace with that. I ain't, I ain't finna work my nerves up. These four years gonna go by to breathe just like the last four years and the four years before that. So y'all can get all up saying, talking about, oh, I don't know what I'm gonna do. I don't, I know what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna keep my head down. I'm gonna keep my ears closed and I'm gonna go to work, send you the focus.


That's what I'm gonna do. Now, I don't know what y'all gonna do, but I'm gonna tell you what Shannon Sharp's gonna do. That's what I'm gonna do. And when these four years is up, I'm gonna look up. There's gonna be somebody come in, make a whole lot of promises and they don't deliver. Some people are gonna get delivered. That's gonna get delivered on. And some people are not. But y'all keep worrying about this. I ain't worried about it. I can't, I can't, I can't work my nerves up. I've, I've made peace with it. Ocho I think they should Also, The Volume,


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Hey, It's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad nan Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on LA tablet. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.