
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon, Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music, music to podcast fast shipping? What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Have you seen TGL presented by SoFi? It's golf's newest league. I got to see the debut of this. It was wild. It's so much fun. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour. They're split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. And it's not your average Sunday pickup game. Tune in every week for TGL matches. Only on ESPN. Tune into TGL Tuesday night only on ESPN Claim your seat for the first season of TGL. Now keep up. It's golf.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at draft. King Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas That old. Ladies and gentlemen, this episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today.


Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. On Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell family, friend, or loved one to do likewise and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from family, friends, and loved ones can do likewise. Thank you for your continued support of Nightcap fun and OCHO sponsored by Boo Mobile. Every subscriber counts. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do do have it in stock. If you cannot find it in a city or store near a city or a state near you, just order it online.


Two teams will have a lot to celebrate tomorrow. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Portier? And in your celebration, please drink responsibly. Now go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she She Media. And go subscribe to the Humble Baddies podcast YouTube page that had their first live show. Well, that yesterday. That was Thursday, right? That first live show was Thursday. Check it out. Very interesting. Ocho, you Dirty man. Make sure you check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything restock. We also introduce new beanies OCHO in every color.


Quantities are unlimited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last. It's up on the screen So you all can see it. We got the black, brown blue, dark gray. I guess that's, this is royal blue red olive. Oh, I guess that's emerald light gray, yellow and pink. So make sure you grab your Beanie Nightcap. Beanie Scully. And your favorite color. Wow. Supplies last tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour stop. And the tickets are on sale now. Unfortunately, the VIP meet and greet tickets are all sold out, but there are still many tickets left available for the big show, February the sixth at the Mahalia Jackson Theater.


You don't wanna miss it. We got some big guests lined up for the show. Both Nightcap and Kaleem Shehe have been nominated for NAACP Image Award. Nightcap was nominated outstanding podcast, art, sports and entertainment. Keem Shehe was nominated Outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for your favorite two guys. UNC ocho. The link is pinned in our social bios. Ocho, there's no more guessing. Cowboys have officially hired Brian Schottenheimer, who was their officer coordinator last year. Jared made the movie and he was comfortable. Now mind you, now remember the, the, the reports that came out.


Jerry really liked Dion and Steven really wanted Brian shot and he really, he really wanted, Jerry really liked Coach Prime, but Steven Woos did. He, they were really butting heads, right? And I came over here and said, Ocho, that's some bull jive smoking. I knew it was some bull jive, but it was just something to smokescreen. Hey, we talked to Coach Prime, that's our minority. A that's our one token. Boom. We get on we we good with that. Right? And the Cowboys, notably, they didn't interview any of the top candidates. The Ben Johnson, cliff Kingsburg couldn't talk because he was in the, he was going week to week.


So you only had you, you could only talk if you were in the bi week. Right? So Maggie Ola, Eric G. Aaron Glenn, none of the top candidates were interviewed by Jerry. Yeah, Ryan Heimer. Again, my only problem, mocho, I don't have a problem Chad. I don't want anybody to think that I have a problem with the hire, but don't give me this bull job. You want somebody that called plays Mike McCarthy called plays. You see? Yeah. We want somebody with previous head coaching experience. We want somebody that called plays. Brian Heimer has never been a call head coach. He didn't call plays. That's neither the hero nor there.


Oh, Joe, what do you think about the hire? I mean, obviously Jerry wants to continue, continue his reign with power. He doesn't want to relinquish that power. He wants to be in control of everything. And he hired a coach that will fall in line with just that And let and bring and bring. You know, what else? O Joe. Not to cut you off. Bring Jason Whitten on. Oh yeah. Yeah. Most, most definitely. Most definitely. So again, Jerry getting in the way again, doing things his way and the definition of insanity. Chad, you stay, stay with me now. The definition of insanity is doing things over and over and over in the way you see fit and expecting different results.


The results have been the same for years. For years. And you continuously do it. Jason Garrett, Mike McCarthy. Now Mr. Schottenheimer, nothing is going to change until you remove yourself and get out the way. Yeah. And allow people to do their job. Not You. Chan Galey. Multiple, not you trying to do multiple things at once. Chan Galey, Dave Campo, Wade Phillips, Jason Garrett. Yeah. Mike McCarthy. Not Brian Schottenheimer. All of them. Nothing changed. It is just different names, but nothing's changed. Any of, any of the people that you just called, will any of them challenge Jerry?


Any of hell? No. My my my point. Exactly. And you let him feel your staff and you let him like, well I want this guy to be on your defensive staff. I want this guy to be on your offensive staff. No coaches is gonna do that. No, no, no. They're not gonna do that. You, you, that's It's one thing. Ocho Yes sir. I go to a company and I'm looking around, I'm gonna give them an opportunity. That don't mean I'm gonna keep 'em, but if I like what I hear, I'll keep 'em. But I'm not gonna let you tell me, well, you gotta keep this VP or you gotta keep this CFO or you gotta keep this co. No, hell nah. That ain't happening. Yeah, but this her another thing.


Ocho now one other team attempted to interview Brian Heimer. Now all I wanna know is this. Look, I'm gonna get me somebody, somebody else won't because if fact, if, if don't nobody else wanted. That's So you tried to tell me something I don't know. Well, well you gotta think about it. Think about it Now look at the elephant in the room now. The coaches that were available, we talk about good coaches and also the coaches that were also available that could have come to Dallas, that could have interviewed in Dallas wouldn't go for the shenanigans. No. You think Ben Johnson finna stand down and he finna tell Ben Johnson who we can bring on and who we care. Aaron Glenn. I mean obviously he wouldn't, he wouldn't get the job.


But anyway, you think Aaron Glenn ain't gonna come to Dallas? No. You gonna tell Aaron Glenn what type of staff he can put together. But people believe he could work with Coach Belichick. Can you imagine him telling Coach Belichick, Hey, I want Jason Whit to come on and he gonna be your coach. Waiting Man. Man, Bellacheck man, Bellacheck 10 ain't goddamn damn tear Jerry's world down. Absolutely not. You have to get out of your own way. You have to, you, you don't have a choice. He's been an offensive coordinator before. He's with the Jets for three years. His highest point, his highest points per game.


They were 13th. He called for St. Louis. The highest points per game was 21st. He also called in Seattle. His highest points per game was six. In 2018 he had two three top 10 offenses. As, as far as points he averaged 28.7, 25.3, 26.8. And then that ended. And this was his first four way back as being a coordinator. Correct. Okay. So he's been a coordinator. He's been a coordinator for 11 years. Had some success. Yeah. Orchestrated three top 10 offenses in Seattle.


None in the top 20 in St. Louis and none in the top 10. And at the jet. The jet. He with the jet. But he wasn't the coordinator though, was he? He was. Okay. Okay. Okay. So he was with the he so he was there with, with Rex. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. So we know those, those offenses back then O Joe was run the football play behind your defense. It was a more grounding pound. Yeah, but his most success, it came in Seattle. He did have great success in Seattle with Russ. 16 off, 16 points per game. Ninth and points per game.


Eighth and points per game. That's pretty good resume. Yeah. But we know why he got the job. Yeah. Is because Jerry wants someone that he can control. Yeah. It's really that simple. There's no other, I'm not gonna make it a black white issue because I don't believe it's a black white issue. Right. It's a control issue. Yes sir. Jerry wants control. Jerry wants control because Jerry wants credit. None of the blame but the control because this thing fell apart. I can't believe this happened. I'm shocked as anybody. No, you're not shocked as anybody. You put this if together you should be the least shocked that it fell apart. Right. But like you said, if, I mean you do what you've done, you get what you've always gotten.


It's hard for me to believe I can be in a scenario at some point in time I'm going to change something. Right. If I do, if I get the same results for 30 years and my objective, but Jerry's a promoter, Jerry's not trying to win. Jerry's fool not fooling me. Right. He might fool some of the fans in, in Dallas. And I think for the most part they've even caught on Jerry's all about selling. Jerry looks at it like anytime they're talking about me, that's good enough. Yeah. We don't need to talk. They don't need to talk about me winning championship. They don't need to talk about me being that they're talking about me. So I'm in the news. That's good enough for him. Right. And I don't, I don't see it changing.


They bring back the same cast. If you look at guys leave Dallas and play well look at now Neville Gallimore, he went to the Rams. Yeah. Ball out. I'm just saying. They make a train for a guy in Carolina. They give a fourth round draft pick and the guy had how many catch? He might have had four catches the rest of the year. You baringo? Yes. Yeah. Obviously. Man, listen, I, I don't, I don't, I don't know what Jerry Jerry is doing. I, I can't question. I've been around football for a very long time, obviously not as long as you have and not as long as he has. He's an owner. He's a gm. Hell he's every goddamn thing he is.


He just thinks his way always works. And the fact that he wants credit is, is just beyond me. You know, when you can look at the landscape of the NFL with all the owners that consistently win all the other franchises where they win consistently. You know, the Packers, the Bills, the chiefs, the Steelers, I mean teams that have the rich history in winning, you know, in the past, The Eagles all, well, everybody's going to the championship since he's been, You don't see any of the owners front and center making decisions, you know, pigeon holding head coaches, not allowing 'em to pick their staff people that they work well with.


I mean all that, all that matters. All that matters. And the fact that control and credit is what he wants is ridiculous. Wait, if you know Ocho the franchise Jerry has, Jerry has probably, let's just say for the sake of it, let's just be safe. He own 10 other businesses. How many of those businesses you think he hands on? Probably none. None. Because he doesn't know. Right. But yet he thinks he knows football. Well, he's been around football the longest. So he, he, he feels like he knows it. Yeah. I I've been around a plow.


It doesn't make me a tractor. What hell you talking about? Just because you around something. Hey, as a matter of fact, Ocho, I'm sleeping in my garage tonight. That don't make me a car. Yeah, that's a good one. I Got you. I'm just trying to figure out what make, what makes him think he knows. Just because you around something. Yeah. Hell ocho if somebody gonna give me all the, if somebody gonna give me the scouting report, I can read off what they wrote down. Right. You'll think Jerry going to the Senior Bowl and out there looking and Scott got his notepad. Like, okay, guy got great pad level, drops his hip, great transition, change of direction. Oh, he bends the edge really well. I like the way he button press.


Yeah. He don't know. I hell no, he not detailing sharp like that obviously. Hell no. But there are guys that do. Yeah. What's the, what's the guy name that runs the cowboys? Will, will McClay will Clay. He knows. Yeah. He writes the notes, gives them to Jerry and then Jerry and they have a little selection. Okay. Okay. And I, who do we think is gonna be available when we select at the time we select Right. They give him a list of names. Everybody have their thing. Well Jerry, this is what we need. Okay Jerry, this is what we need, bro. Michael Parsons fell in your lap.


You ain't do nothing. CD fell in your lap. Right? Come on bro. That ain't nothing. They failed to you. Right? They had an agreement. Devonte Smith, the Eagles wanted Devonte Smith just like, Hey, we trade up. Just don't bother him. We'll let y'all trade. Okay, fine. Right. You don't select Parson or y'all not gonna select Parson. You gonna take Devonte. Right. Okay. Boom. See they fill in their lap. All the other receivers were gone. So who are they gonna pick? They needed the receiver. Jetta was gone. Judy was gone. Royal was gone. Waddle was gone. Wow. He really went without a limb and got cd.


I need a receiver. He the last one left. Oh no, my bad. I no. Yeah, because he Jalen er went before cd. Yeah, because Jalen Reagan went regular. Went to to Philly, Right? Yeah. Yes. So, so Ocho that ain't nothing if a guy just fall in your lap. No. You want to impress me, do what Kansas City did? Yeah. Zoom up the draft board and go get somebody. That's what's impressive. That's what that lets me know. Okay. I they know what they're doing. Right. They didn't do that. So IIII just don't get it.


Mingo has 17 catches for 167 yards all year. He had five catches for 64 yards when he arrived in Dallas. And he played eight games, played nine for Carolina. And they traded a fourth round pick for him. Right. Fourth or fifth trading a fourth round pick for that kind of production. He doesn't know what he's doing now. Yes, he makes it does. But there's no way he does it. It's it's not, you know, it's, it's almost, it's, it's, it's, Hold on, let's see. When the dog Hold on, Ocho, did Justin Jefferson go before or after cd? He went 22nd.


Oh, So you, So you went CD and Justin Jefferson went 22nd. Check the numbers out. Right. Look at the numbers between the two. But he know football. Yeah. Not that CD is a bad 'cause CD is a number one receiver. Oh Yeah. Absolutely. But I don't know very many people that's taking CD over Jetta. I mean, listen, Maybe Cowboy fans, but I'm talking about if you poll, if you poll GMs, you poll all 32 GMs and says okay, you got Jetta or you got cd. Because right now people gonna take chasing Jetta they want too.


Both of those guys were unanimous. First team all pros. There wasn't a whole lot of unanimous first team. All Pros. But those two guys were was two of them. Yeah. And Jack Am had been an all pro every year. Except what, last year He got Nick, he went over a thousand bucks joint, missed like seven games. Yeah. Can you imagine what his numbers would've been? Ain't nobody close to him. His first three years, his first four years, his first five years. Nobody's close to those numbers. Now with the season that Chase had, chase might have an opportunity to get him, but he's gonna probably need another 14, 1500, which is possible. Which is quarterback in that system. But Jerry don't know what he's doing, man. Yeah, yeah. And like I said, I don't got no problem with Brian Schottenheimer.


I'm just saying this notion that he's scouring and he's trying to get the best man for the job. I don't believe he's doing that. Yeah. I don't believe he's ever done that. Now since Jerry, he's not gonna get a Chad Cowboy fans. Jerry is not gonna give, get anybody that's gonna offer him some resistance. Brian, lemme tell you what, Brian Schottenheimer doesn't have any say on the final 53 mm. Any say in free agency, any say in the draft. And all those are things that the head coach should have some type of say or Yes. Or control over. Just basically almost like I I guess what it, if they still have arranged marriages, hold on. I the one that gotta be with this lady.


Yeah. Do I need to know You try to tell me what I want. Right? I know what I want, Jerry is this is an arranged marriage. Jerry is telling you, he's picking players, telling you what you need as opposed to what you want or what would best or, or what would fit best to the system right now is them coming back. I mean, I had the, as far as I know, see that's another thing. What if Brian Heimer wanna hire his own DC That's that's that's crazy. I mean, listen, it's crazy the way things are run. Obviously Jerry has the power. We understand that he's going to exercise that right.


And that power at every turn, that every chance he gets, every chance that every turn, Terry, he gets, he's, he's killing his, he's killing his own franchise. He's killing his own team. He and he doesn't. He he does. He just doesn't get it. And I like, look here. It's hard to say CDA top five. Oh he's, oh, he is top five. Yeah. I, I I agree with you. Hey, I mean two one I think, I think you and I in agreement one, two Jetta. Chase, chase Jetta, it goes Gear the year last year with Jetta, I mean two years, last two years, but the first couple years it was Jetta Chase. It has been gangbusters Triple Crown. Yeah.


What Triple Crown? I mean this was Chase's third year. So it's not very many guys to get an opportunity to win the Triple Crown so soon. Right. Smitty wanted in 2005. So that was close to it. 'cause Smitty came in, in oh 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. So his fifth year, my brother won the Triple Crown. He came in 88. So his fifth year, Jerry came in, in, in, in, in 85. He won a Triple crown in 90 in his sixth year. Cooper Cub. How, what year was Cooper Cup when he won the triple Crown? Could have been no more than three Era. 20, 20, 20 20 20, 21. 20 was was, it was 2021 I think. Yeah, 2021, if I'm not mistaken. When was C drafted?


19, 20 17. So, okay, so five years. So that, that I'll be, so about to add, you know, about six, you know. Oh, so somewhere between four and six years is when guys normally win the Triple Crown, right? And cd, oh, not cd. Excuse me. Not cd. Chase wanted the quickest third year. Fourth. This fourth year, right? What was the third year for him? Third. This is his third year. No, 1, 2, 3, fourth. Fourth year. This is fourth season because he is drafted in 21.


Remember Chase? Yeah. Two years left on his deal. So it would've been his career year. No, I'm He wasn't in his third year. No, he would've done the contract after his third year. He played this year. Okay. I see, I see, I see it. Yeah, because you gotta count. A lot of times when you get confused though, Joe, is that people don't count the year he drafted. He played that year. Yeah. I'm tripping. He Drafted in 21. He played in 21. Right. You're right. I'm tripping. I'm Tripping. So that's why, you know, you see 1990 to 99, right? That's 10 years. A lot of times people will say from 90 to 2000, no, that's 11 years. So he, so that's about the timeframe. Somewhere between four and six years guys. Right?


So Chase is just now entering in his prime. So you gonna see big time production as long as, and, and we saw even when, when what you call him got hurt last year, two years ago. Excuse me, Burl, he still put up those numbers. Oh yeah, most definitely. He, him most definitely. And that's what, that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm, see when you got a guy, Ocho and I don't have to alter anything. He's him. I ain't gotta stack him. I ain't gotta bunching, I ain't gotta put him in motion. I can just call a play and say, son, go get open. I can put him in the slot. I can put him out wide. Yes. I can put him in motion. Yes, I can stack him. He can run shallow, he can run deep.


He got intermediate, he great. After the catch, he can high point the ball. Everything. What, what am I gonna complain about? Yeah. Be complete everything. You know what something, what's funny is maybe it's, it's a handful of, there's a handful of receivers that can do that now. Handful. Only A handful of the ojo. I'm talking about only a handful. And literally, yeah. You know, and people in the chat might not understand what you mean. Hey listen, Take a five yard route and turn it to an 80 yard. Spectacular Man. Every, every time you mess around and take a bad mess around and take a bad angle. Yep. Mess around and miss a tackle. Oh, Joe, there's, there's some receivers that make coaching, coaching job easy.


You right?


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport, or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime, Amazon Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course, we can all agree. One of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime, you can have what you need, deliver the same day. But it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone, or this podcast, whatever you're doing, working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress Fee free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. $3 a day and a three minute survey. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Check this out. Ocho What's there was another hire over the weekend. Yeah. Pete Carroll was hired as head coach of the Raiders. Pete Carroll and the Raiders have reached a agreement on a three year deal with a team option for a fourth. When the regular season start, Carol will become the oldest person to ever serve as head coach in the NFL. He turned 74 in September. The previous record was held by Romeo Connell who was 73 when he served at interim head coach of the Houston Texans ocho. Do you like this move? I mean, it, it's Pete, it's Pete Carroll. I I I like Pete Carroll Pete's resume. You know, it speaks for himself what he's done. He's a Super Bowl winning head coach. Again, when I look at what he has to work with over in, in, in Las Vegas, I'm not sure why he would, he would want to.


Maybe he, he knows something we don't know. Maybe he knows something. You know, he has something. He Won a 32. What you talking about? What he want a 32 of those jobs. Oh yeah. I, I know, but still, I mean, just, just going to take a job knowing that your lease is gonna be short. Knowing that's, you don't have the most important position on your team, on that team that matters to be able to compete and contend in that. Do you know what con division he's in? Yes. A FC West. A FC West Kansas City Chargers. Yeah. All of 'em got quarterbacks. Everybody got quarterbacks for the next decade. Except, Except who? The Raiders. Exactly. But here's The thing, I'm, I'm not sure that he got be thinking about some eating.


He must been cooking up something with Mark Davis. I don't know. Sure. Be Lemme ask you this. I and, and Chad, y'all could help me. You'll understand you 70 years old. This 3-year-old thing. She nice got long hair. She got ooh skin. Ooh. Yeah. You'll stack like dirty laundry in the dorm room. Come on now. Hair down her back. And when she step, she'll step her. Y'all know what I'm talking about. She'll step her. Y'all gonna see if she gonna have a YSL, she'll have on Tom Ford. She'll have on them blood bottoms. Everything is, everything is immaculate. Right. And she's interested in you, you taking that Pete Carroll's about to be 74. How many jobs are he, you think he going to get the NF NFL at the age of 74?


Hey, I like how you going with it? I like, listen, when you put it like that, when you gimme that kind of analogy. I like when you're going with it. But everything you just said, you know, you talking about Tom Ford? Yeah. You know the, the nice shoes and she's a step up. Yeah. Everything you just described in that woman ain't the goddamn Las Vegas Raiders. It don't together, you know, now the Los the the Las Vegas Raiders is the one where your homeboy say, Hey boy, I sharp, I need some more, take more for the team tonight. Oh no, for never for that. You Hear me? The one I got, you know she's a 10 now. Her friend, she say she had to bring her friend boy. Now a friend is on the six.


No, But you, you gonna take over Gonna she two or the Two, the Las Vegas riggers. Right. What you just explain is like, like getting, getting ready to be the, the head coach for the Chiefs or something. But, but you have to understand though, Ocho she's shown interest in you. Yeah. She ain't gotta have on nothing. She might come out the house with Crocs. She might come out the house with that bond on. But she 32. Yeah. Curry. Woo. Yeah. Hello. She's 32 curry. Hold on, hold on. Let me, let me get, let me give her visuals together now. How tall we talking? How tall are we talking? She's somewhere between, she's somewhere between five seven and five nine Mm.


But I'm, I'm gonna do you, I'm gonna do you one better. I'm gonna do you one better 'cause we both, we we both talk. Let's just make a, just make a 5 5, 5 9, 5 10. Woo. So when she puts some, when she puts some heels on, we call her Amazon 32. Got a nice job. She makes six figures low. Six figures. Ooh. When you see her out, she ain't got nothing on her. She carry, she carrying Louis all the time. She got her own, got her own crib, got her own car. And you gotta be careful now. 'cause 'cause everything you describing right now, as a woman, she talk back. That's okay. See, I listen too. She, she talk, I listen, I don't know if you talking about on choke.


Hey, I about to be 57. Man, I ain't fitting to do all that. I, I'm past that stage OCHO where I gotta wear a pants and I just gotta be my way. Oh no, you talk back. You know what? You right. I didn't want to go over there. Yeah. Why ain't you tell me this yesterday? I like it. I like it. I like, I I listen, I understand from you at listen, you're in a different phase in life and you under, you have to understand it. You don't have about, It's not like you Ben Johnson. See Yeah. Tom Brady wanted it. Ben Johnson. Right. Ben Johnson. I ain't got no quarterback. Yeah. Ideally would I like to be in the same division? No, but I got a quarterback over here. I got skilled position players over here.


Oh yeah. I got a lot of cap space and I can build, guess what? I got a quarterback on a rookie contract so I can put some pieces around him. Yeah. Got you. Got a little time. You got about, you got about two more years. Got two more years. Two more years. So with that being said, Ocho, but Pete being 70, about to be 74. Think about it. In the history of the game, there's only one other. Coach Romeo was 73 and he was interim wasn't head, he wasn't, you know, that wasn't, somebody hired him and gave him the job. Right. He just took over. So for me it was for, for, for, for Pete, it's a no brainer right now. Pete can build a team. We saw what he did with Seattle, but Russ came to him in the third round.


I think Russ was a third round draft pick. And we saw what happened. They had a great defense. They built that thing. They had B WAGs, they had shrm, they had Chancellor, they had Earl, they had Malcolm Smith, they had Bennett, they had Cliff Averil, they had Red, They had a squad. Big time. Russ come in, remember now they, they assigned Matt Flynn in three agencies from Green Bay. He was expected they gave him $10 million guaranteed at a $30 million contract. $10 million signing bonus. And he never touched the field. Russ beat him out in camp. Crazy how that work. Hey, and maybe they can, maybe they can, maybe he can strike lightning he under. But see the thing is on Joe, he understands, he's been a head coach at a lot of different stocks.


He's head coach at the Jets. He's head coach at the Patriots head coach of Seattle head coach here, head coach at USC. And you look at what he did. USC was, USC was not winning before Pete got there. He put USC back on the map. Right. Now you not old enough to remember when USC had that juggernaut late sixties and through the seventies they were hell, they were loaded. It was a real deal. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I mean, you gotta think about it. They had Charles White and Marcus Allen, Ronnie Lot, Dennis Smith, joy, browner Ross, all the, all those guys. So they, they were, they were really Lynn Kane, all those guys within in that backfield.


They were really, they were really good Munoz. Yeah. Big. I think Don Mobar was on that team. They were, they were, they were loaded. But Pete knows how to build a team. But at the end of the day, if you look at the teams when he's had his best, most success, right. Not a quarterback, Always it matters. And Without him, so Russ and Pete, Hey Russ, Pete reunite in Oakland, I mean in Vegas. Him and him and Russ Russell Wilson. Ooh, that's a good one. That's a good, that's a good one. I, I like, I like, I like what you're thinking.


That's a possibility. I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm not sure I'm, I am not sure. Damn. That's a good one. Yeah. A a quarterback that you're familiar with, a quarterback that you won a Super Bowl with, you know, but there were some, there, there were some issues internally. It, It got Yep. Look back that Pete, bro, I see. Pete was like, I see diminishing skills. Right. Nah bro, I ain't, I ain't really trying to give you 200 plus. Mm. Ru say, bro, I a and you know, hey, spin the block. Yeah. Yeah.


You know, sometimes if I ain't be so bad, don't you, you ain't got a choice but to spin the block. Yeah. Yeah. I I I don't, that ain't what, that ain't what I set out to do. Right. Sometimes, but sometimes That's what you have to do. You know, the, the a half your age plus seven. Right. Minus three. So that's why I come forward. That's that. You know, that's my box. It is. I stay right here on your, I ain't going outside of it, you know, side to side, side to side right here. But I ain't going outside that box. Oh yeah. Okay. Maybe, but it's Depending on who it is.


Maybe You know what I'm talking about. You know, you know what I'm talking about Don. You know what I'm saying? Hey, sometimes, you know, hey, like I, hey, your boy ain't 27. Ain't 37. No more Ocho. It is different. It's different. Listen, you know what's good, you know what's good about us is really understanding and realizing we're not, we're not the same as we were as we were. No. We understand what we're capable of doing at our age now. Yes. We did it our, in our teens and twenties and thirties. Man, we ain't pulling that, we not pulling that shit off At No, no, no.


Why I ain't, I I ain't finn I ain't finna grab no 25-year-old like I could when I was 32, 33. I already know that right now. Ocho, I'm gonna, when I can, not when I want to. You see what I'm saying? Ocho, I'm gonna, when I can not when I want to understand that, Chad, understand I'm stay with me now. Stay with me. There's a difference between the two. Hey, You know what, you, you know what you got, you got self-awareness. Of Course self-awareness is so important, but it's lacking in so many, so many of our men today. It's lacking in so many of our Yeah. Still trying to think. You can keep up and do some of the things you did when you No, I'm, Hey, I, I'm who I am about to be eight, six months, 57 now.


I don't look it, I still, I'm in shape. You know I eat my veggies and do my abs. But hey, at the end of the day they hit that Google. Damn. Yeah. Damn. Oh, 50 57. Yeah. On 57. Yeah. Hey, so hey on Cho, you know, sometimes you have to get, Hey, catch the straggler coming outta the supermarket. You know what I'm saying? I'm lean on the wall, Joe. Hey listen, I'm lean on the wall waiting. Don't want come Out. You know what? Hey, it is a ninth inning. Damn. It's a ninth inning. It is two strikes and three balls. What you gonna do now? Hey, Four quarter two. A two minute, two minute drive. Yay. I want a, you seen your car for a little while?


Why don't you go in and out? Okay. Hey. Oh Joe, she look as desperate as I am. You desperate? I desperate. Hey, let's back this apple. What the hell you talking about? It's so funny the way you telling it and, and I'm visualizing it and actually lived it just like that. Just like that. Yeah. Like my homeboy told this one chick Ocho. He say I'm ugly. You ugly. Let's go home and screw our ugly self to death. I ain't ugly or a mofo lie. I'm ugly too though. Hey, don't look like you can get anybody.


I damn sure can't. Right. Wait on, Hey, You going to get there? Get some Gabe, get some honey crisp apples. He gets a peanut up. Butter out that machine. Some water. Get it out. Come on. Hey, I see you right here at 15. I see right here at 15. I ain't going to women. Oh man. That's, oh, You funny. You look like I'm laughing at you. Good memories. Boy. I see the way you dress. You coming out the highest dress like this here. Ain't nobody see. Nah, you, you wasn't expecting to see nobody because anytime a woman expect to see somebody, you best believe she gonna be, she gonna be laid.


Yeah. She gonna be right. Man. She ain't finna run the risk. She gonna have her face together and she ain't finna come out there looking like who did it and what Fuck every time. Oh man, that's, oh Joe, check this out. Yo, we're about to do a toss to a Terrell's show on Netflix. Let's take a chat. Take a look at this. I got somebody I grew up with. God damn, she just got here. I've been sitting here like the fifth wheel for 30 minutes. You ain't say that to me all night. I got somebody I hook you over with. Good dude. Good dude. Where's My, who? Who is it? I have to find something to do while I'm here.


Not something to do or someone to do Something to. He, he's not here. He's busy. Okay. But it'd be perfect 'cause he ain't gonna be all in your space. What's his name? Love that. Shannon. Shannon Short. Oh, okay. Oh, come on. You know who Shannon short kiss? No, Shannon Short. He's in well-known retired N-N-F-L-E-S-P-N. He got a lot of, He's well known. You know, tell me one rule. Let me see if I'm, I'm about this slide One rule when you use the bathroom, you have to go downstairs. Yeah, I got, Hey, I plugged in like a, like a Dyson vacuum. Yeah, he popped in.


Why you had to bring that up? You could have brought that up a little later. Which part? The part about, oh, he got a lot of rules. You ain't have to mention no rules. No, no. Unc See, you don't wanna lie to him at the beginning. That's, that's, that's the one thing. That's exactly what I wanna do in the beginning. No, unc, you wanna set the person in early So you don't waste your time. No. A hey, hey, you know, hey, I was gonna break. Let me break. Let me spring that on him. After we, you know, we at the, we at the table. Okay, so what are some, what's some of your biggest pet peeves? Right? I don't like someone being late. Okay. Burping or passing gas. That, that's how you break that in though. Aren't your dad, you know, ruin the moon. I ain't ruin the mood. I in toilet. She still interested. Did did she call you?


No. No. What y'all, I probably gave her the wrong number. You changed your number? Yeah. Tell you what happened was you done gave her the rules. She probably, she probably drank milk, eat cheese, eat all the vegetables. Just be blowing it up sometimes you got a sacrifice if You want something. You know that, huh? Oh no. Listen. Oh, sometimes you have to compromise. If, if it's something that you really want. You can't always, if you have a set of rules, and obviously sometimes it is something that you like, you know, it's in, it is in the Bible. Sometimes you have to sacrifice and compromise if it's something that you're actually interested in. I can't, I can't do that. I can't do that though, Joe. I can't. You you don't, you don't like it like that. I a a there one A, a a.


But that's always been, that's always been my thing. So it is not, not something new. It's not, I mean it's for the First time that, you know, probably people that have that I've said said it publicly. But if you've been around me Right. All my teammates, bro. Nah, hell nah. But hey, it is what it is. Hey, I, I appreciate you looking out for you boy. Oh listen, I'ma, i'ma always do that. I'ma always make sure you good because at that time when we were filming, I didn't like the kind, I didn't like the space you in, you know? Okay. I didn't like not really having someone. Obviously this was before the, the Michelle debacle and, and you know that, and I, it was when I was trying to plug and find people that you can date and, and, and they could, they could feel that and void and that space.


And then, and I, I, I, I, I, I've, I've, I've, I think I I've failed to this point because I haven't, I haven't, you know, I don't really get You done. She done, if I'd went on that balloon would've popped the balloon she'd done popped the balloon. Wow. A 20, Hey, no, hold on. I'm glad you just mentioned that. You, I should do a 20 versus one. Huh? What's your, you know what they No. No. You don't think so? Man, REL will pop your skull bad. Hey look, it don't play real. Like rel ain't what to play with like that don't you? You could joke about a lot of things. Look, you know re better than me, but the way I been around re re don't play like that.


Nah, nah, nah. You don't play like that. See, she rel got rel like old rel more like values kinda like me. She old school. Yeah, she's Alabama. She ain't from new, she ain't from New York. She ain't from C and stuff like that. Re got Southern rules. Southern, Southern upbringing. Right. And some stuff ain't going jive with her. Yo. Hey, hey. Real, real. They on real, real head right now, boy. By what? She's got. Missy mean. She, she's she's seen and and viewed as as the mean girl. She, she's viewed as seen as a villain. And I told, I told her name.


Your one person of history. Yeah. Then you one person that made history, you know? Well, everybody can't, everybody Ocho everybody, everybody, everybody can't beat this the, the hero. No, you can't. Sometimes, sometimes What what I, what I always say about embracing being the villain in what you do. Yes. Always. You know, I can name, I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you some example. I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you one example. What's that House wise of Atlanta. Even if you don't watch the show. Yeah. Because I know most though, I Don't, I don't, I don't watch the show. Yeah. I could tell you who the villain is and I can tell you who make the most money from the show.


Miss NeeNee. Yeah. Huh? Come on. That people are tuning in for Oh, ain't they ain't tuning in for Kumbaya, kumbaya moments. Shit. Kumbaya moments to get you fired. You won't have no goddamn show. Exactly. Listen, I know what I'm, I'm gonna leave it at that. Y'all make sure y'all go check it out. Let me know what y'all think. I want you guys to watch it and come back and let me know if they portraying Ra in the right light. Make sure you go watch WAGs to riches on Netflix. It's out now. WAGs to riches. What? Don, your, you all, if you ain't, do your boy no favor.


I No, I did your, I did your great favor. You ain't Do Chad, do y'all think Ocho did me a favor bro? You put Ro you gotta go, go close. The fact that I, how you talking about I'm, I didn't do your a favor. The fact that I didn't even mention you period is a favor. Ocho, if you gonna mention me, if you gonna mention me and say, hey, he got all these rules. He got like 50 11 rules. No, I Didn't say that. I say, I said the only issue that you might have is that he has rules. Now everyone has a set of rules, everyone has boundaries. Everyone has things that are non-negotiable. I say I thought it was important for me to let her know about just one rule and she was okay with that. So that means your foot is in the door already.


Your foot is in the door already. See, she's gonna compromise. She don't have to No you ain't do me no favor. When you, when you say, when you say Shannon sharp, certain things go out the window. Certain boundaries go out the window. Certain things that you wouldn't tolerate from somebody else, they'll tolerate from You. Lemme tell you how I would do it. I say hey, and I got this partner talk. I said, man, I say, you know he played in the NFL had a great career. Hold On. You got a wait. You gotta see On the guy. He about six foot tall. He's still work out six three hardworking. Yeah. I said funny, great sense of humor. Now if you wanna laugh, he's the guy. Oh yeah, that's me. He's the guy. I mean, he got great personality. Oh yeah. He loved to do, he'd fly off the cuff.


Whatever you like to do, you want to go bungee jumping. He right there. You wanna go, go-karting. He right there. You want go horseback riding? Yeah. There's nothing that yeah. You could possibly want do that he'll say no to. Right. He's that kinda outgoing, fun loving guy. He's the guy that whatever your adventures are, right. He right there with it. Come On now. See, that's what I'm going do. I say, Hey, you want something that now the thing I know about him. Yeah, he love hard. Yeah. I say he loves hard. There is nothing that he wouldn't do for you once he, once, once y'all get to that point where he like, okay, we going to do this. Yeah, he all in, All in.


If you want the son, I go get that bitch. That's what I'm saying. So now I'm gonna say, I, I say I just got one face say, look, that's my boy. I said, we ain't brothers. I said, but we close. The only difference is we ain't got the same blood. Yes sir. All I ask is this. All I'm gonna ask you is this. If my boy fall, will you catch him? See what I did for you. That what I did. What? You on Survey anyway there, boy, you a sub. You see that's all you had to do Ocho and you got me hyped.


Well, you got me hyped right there, bro. Listen, I couldn't do the presentation like that. I couldn't do it in that manner obviously, because we, we know we on camera and they failed. Yeah, I got you. I got you. I, I'm a slow to stick to a surgeon. You know what, I went, I went off, I went off, you know, the S strip, whatever we were supposed to be talking about just to plug you in. I appreciate that. Yeah, I appreciate that.


Alright, Let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport, or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime, Amazon, Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course, we can all agree one of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime, you can have what you need delivered the same day, but it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing. Working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans, check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever, and for less than $3 a day, get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. $3 a day and a three minute survey. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


I'm Peter Schrager. Host a good morning football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip, or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


There's a new article from Seth Wickersham and Dan Van nata. He says, Snyder effing hates the commander's success and is a denial, sad and devastated. Snyder outlook has evolved. There's still anger and he remains in denial about what led to his ouster said one person close to his inner circle, but there is also something else, sadness for himself. That person said it's killing him. It's devastating for him. Listen, oh, most of the time it's more so the younger folk, right?


When you and your ex break up, you know, you know a lot of people like to say, oh, I'm happy for you. I'm happy that you're doing well. God damn. No, no times. You want to wish the worst. I don't want nothing good to happen with you if it ain't with me. Yeah. Some people are like that. And that's how Dan Snyder's feeling right now. What did you expect to happen? You had ample time to do right? You had ample time to do right by Commanders fans. You had am ample time to do right by your franchise because it starts at the top. It starts with you. You had time to do it. The fact that your franchise turned around in less than a year after you were gone says all you need to know.


See, Dan's not a, you Know, there's another place, there's another place that I'm not gonna mention that's also going to turn around as soon as someone is out the way. Who Jerry hear? Nor there we not talking about them no more. But I'm just telling you Right. What happens when someone is removed That that doesn't mean well for a team and a franchise entity and the business of the magnitude of that, of the commanders. Because sometimes Ocho a person can say, I'd rather you be sad with me than happy somewhere else. The possibility or the thought that you might be happy Yeah.


Is enough to crush me. Yes, Sir. So, no, stay here and be miserable with me. 'cause I don't want you to find happiness. I don't want you to find success. Because if you find that, that means there had to be something wrong with me because he said I, but I don't believe, I don't believe you find success. I believe you create it, you create success, you create happiness. Now you can be in a situation that's chaotic. Right? That doesn't allow you, you're so focused on all the auxiliary stuff that's going on around you that you don't get an opportunity to focus. Right. But that's not how I am. Yes, it would crush me, but I'd rather you be happy elsewhere than another day.


Miserable here with me. Man, that's a good one. Boy, I like that. I'm just not, I've just not built locked. I don't ocho I don't want somebody to be where they're not wanted. Well, I'm not want because Ocho the saddest place. See, people think that being alone is sad. The saddest place, the loneliest place is being some place you're not wanted. Yeah. That's when you're the most lonely And you, you know what? They take advantage of you too, huh? Yes. I've always, I've always, I've always been like that. Now I've been very good at it. I've been, I've been very good at it. If I'm anywhere, if an, if I'm anywhere I don't give, I don't give a excuse. I almost curse just to, to let you know how much I mean, and to add emphasis on what I'm getting ready to say.


If I'm ever anywhere and you don't want me, you hear me and you don't want me, all you have to do is show me signs. All you have to do is show me signs. You know? Now some people aren't in a position to be able to move maneuver like that because everything is, is, is, is energized and geared towards that individual. That's why I say fellas, the more you got going on, the easier it is. When things happen to change, the more you got going on. Normally when you are young, everything is about just your woman. That's it. Everything is geared towards that young lady, whoever it is you're dealing with seeing. I think, to me, I think that's why it hurts so bad.


Yeah. I think that's why the men are hurt so bad when things don't go well with the individuals that they're, that they're talking to. Because everything, your whole focal point is on just that, okay, you might work okay, you might go to school, but outside of that, your whole world and everything you got going on revolves around that individual. Yeah. Yeah. Once you, once you start, stop celebrating me and start tolerating me. Look, just be just, just tell me it's okay. Yeah. It's gonna break my heart. I'm not gonna lie because I Tell me because I do care. Huh? You even gotta tell me. Matter of fact, your actions, your actions will show me. Yeah. Yeah. I definitely see, I definitely see better than I hear, but don't show.


A lot of times people have a hard time saying that because everybody say, oh, I can just, nah, it, it, it's a lot harder than it seems. It's easy to say that now because there, there are some things that that person does that, that you really like. And what, what drew you to the said individual? Yeah, but man, this is a situation, bro. Like, God almighty. What? Hey, Titus, what's up, twin? Come on this side. Come on this side. Come on, come on. Okay, come on. Okay. Yes, yes. Hey, what's up Titus?


What up Twin? Happy you to go to bed. Go to bed. Hey, hey, come on. Let's go. Come on, let's go. Chili juice. Chili juice. Got home and let him out. And I knew he was gonna run straight down here. That's why I had his, I had him locked up. But yeah, it, it is tough. Ocho, everybody says, oh, it's, it's not easy. Right. Especially when you've been somewhere, someone with a significant amount of time. Yeah. There's natural attachment. There's things that you really, really like about this person. That car is hardly, it don't matter how long you, there's still things about that person that you don't like everything about a person.


Right. Anybody tell you that? That's, that's not true because nobody has all the qualities that you want or you like, you just hope they have enough of the ones that you can't do without. Right. And some of the ones that they don't have you really to overlook. Oh yeah. But Man, hey, to be somewhere that you're not wanted. Yeah. And then it's always, you know, no matter what you do, it's not good enough. It seemed like the least thing It get on her note, it turned them off. Matter of fact, all the things, all the things she fell in love with. All the things that she enjoyed when you first met all the places you liked to dine at, all the places, you know, all the, all the little things, all the cuddling, you know, all the fun stuff.


You know, once the dopamine wears off, the honeymoon phase is gone. You know, everything is now become routine. Man, listen. Well boy, Ocho, that's another reason why a lot of athletes get, because see, here's the thing. When you making that money, a lot of times they'll, they'll tolerate you. You going out, hanging with the boys coming in at three or four, that ain't a problem. Yeah. Because you giving a 10, 15 grand a month, you got this big old house. Yeah. Okay. Ocho, you passing gas, it, you know what I noticed? Gas don't smell nearly as bad as you making five, $6 million a year. As opposed to you making a hundred thousand a year.


You notice that Ocho I'm just saying, I'm gonna keep it. I, we going, Hey, we gonna be honest. We gonna have an honest conversation tonight. Yeah. No, I And talk man. Come on preacher. If you go back and look at it, look at women, all the things that like, oh, he doing all this. He did it when he was in the league, when he was in the NBA. He's in the NFL, he's in NMLB. He did all those things. The only difference he making 10, 15, $20 million a year. Yes sir. Now all of a of a sudden you can't go get birkins like you once could. You can't get lv, you can't get the Dior, you can't get Chanel now. It's a problem. Oh, It was never a problem. Him coming in and he told you while I was with the boys, he came in at four o'clock or he came in the next morning.


You ain't have a problem with it. The moment he lead the NFL, the moment he lead the professional rail, he get on my nerves. Yeah. He never got on your nerves before. Yeah. I need you around more or Joe, because think about it. When we, when we play sports or until we gone, we leave the house at what? 8, 8 30 in the morning, we don't get back to five. I now all of a sudden I, I I want you to, you always gone. Now I'm home. I wish you find something to do. What? Yeah. Which one you want? I worked, I worked for 14 years not to do anything. Listen m sorry. That most people don't get to retire at 35.


I did. Oh well Yeah. The more money you have, huh? You know, the more money you have, the longer you leash, The more they'll tolerate bull drive. The longer, the more money you have, the longer the leash. Yeah. Then obviously sometimes you get into a certain tax bracket, sometimes you get into certain, a certain tax bracket where your leash is, is in, what's the word I'm looking for? Not inevitable. What, What, what do you, what do you, Infinite, infinite. Infinite. Infinite. Yeah, that's, Oh, it's long. It's long.


It's for perpetuity. It's infinity. Infinite. And then, you know what I was also thinking about, I was also thinking about some of the wealthiest men in the world. Right? And you think money's the issue just based on the situation we talk about right now. This is the great, great analogy I think about the billionaires, you know, and how they have not succeeded in riot time. I think hell, if, if they couldn't do it, what goddamn chance do I have? And they have it all. They're able to give all, you know, to solve all problems, you know, especially from a financial standpoint. And I'm assuming they're, they're there emotionally as well. All had divorces.


Jeff Bezos, Michael Jordan. Yeah, for sure. There, there, there, there are a few. There are, there are a few more billionaires. I don't have to that, but my, But see, here's the thing. Ocho the mistake people make is that they think money absolve them or problems. No. You just have, but you just have means to help to maybe solve some of them. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. But it doesn't absolve you. It doesn't, man, if I had, bro, you still have the same problems. Your girl and your wife or whatever transpire. You gonna have issue with your kids. Everybody. Kids not perfect. As much as we want all our kids to, to grow up and be respectful and be mannerable and don't run a fire with the law and go to college and be off. It doesn't happen like that.


All money does is that give you an opportunity that you could a I got means in which I can probably try to solve some of this, but it doesn't guarantee it. It it masks everything for a little bit. It does. It does. And so I, but I, because I've seen it though, Joe, I've seen some of my teammates and I've seen guys that do things and it wasn't a problem when they was in the league. Right? Matter of fact, here we go. Think about this. Listen to me, Brad Pit, Johnny death, Jeff Bezos, bill Gates, Elon Musk, Dr. Dre, Ryan Reynold, Tom Brady, Lance Armstrong, Alex or Juez, Shannon Tatum, Chris Rock, Ben Affleck, Chris, Liam Hansworth, Ben Steeler, Orlando Bloom, tiger Woods, Sean Prince, the rest Sloan, Paul McCartney Get more money, right?


Paid. Jason and I already said Michael Jordan, we talk about, we talk about the cream of the crop. It comes a financial earning status. Couldn't keep a woman happy. And the woman, the women, all of their women initiated divorce. And so I sat back, I, I was, I was looking over something. I was, I was reading something earlier today, you know, and I understand that, you know, rather now we, we had our beef, we had our arguments, we had our, our our disagreements and misunderstandings. Right. You know, and I, and I thought to it and I came across this, I'm like, well, God damn, if, if, if, if, if they couldn't get it right.


You know, and they have almost everything. They have the resources, the, the, the wisdom and the, and and all their wives left 'em. And these ain't just anybody. This about Tom Brady. How do you leave Tom Brady? How do you leave Michael Jordan? How do you leave Tiger Woods? I mean, I understand there were the things that happened publicly and, you know, some things that didn't happen publicly, you know, with others that, that were left. Jeff Bezos, we talking about you left Mr. Amazon. Hell did Bill Gates get a divorce? I, I mentioned Bill. I said, I said Bill. Yeah, I think Melinda Gates, I think him and Melinda separated.


Hey, what the hell is going on? If they couldn't do it, what the f makes me think, even I'll have a chance. But that's what I'm saying, Ocho, when I get married, that's what I'm saying. I went long time. I'm gonna do it once. Right now what's gonna happen? Yeah, I'm gonna, Hey, you go ahead up there. I'm gonna go out in this guest bedroom, but ain't nobody going nowhere. Right? Right. Yeah. I I mean I, I like It at that whatever, whatever issue we got, we can solve it. Right. I like that. See, I, you see, I like, I like what you just said. Now that's something that I've always been, anytime there was a problem, I was always able to find a solution. I was always the problem solver. I I I, I've always, always have been. Now at times, I know my personality is all about fun.


It's about joking, it's about laughing, you know, just being happy. But they, there, there's also a serious side, you know, know there's side, because when I mess up, when I get in trouble, I ain't gotta look, but straighten up and be somebody that I'm not. But here's the problem, here's the thing. You can only solve a problem if the other person wants it solved. Mm Mm One plus one got be with two. If I don't want it solved, I don't care what you do. I don't care what you say. Right. So if it takes two, they say it takes two to tango. It does. Okay. Yes. Does I, because I, I, I like the tango too, So, Hey, that's, that's my Dance.


You never a, Hey listen, It's a good, it's a good thing I'm dancing. I can tell you that. Huh? You happy? You I been, there was a time I thought I was gonna have to come do an intervention. I thought I was gonna have to do an intervention. Oh, You, you was gonna have to Yeah. Have to. I could be honest with you and I could listen. We, we family, I, I could be honest with you and got to a point and, and, and I could be honest with filled out was to me, let me, lemme say that first to me. I felt I was doing enough in pursuing and trying to fix things in a way, and that individual wasn't moving fast enough for me. Right. You ain't moving fast enough for me and me not realizing, hold on, hold on.


Now you messed up. So you can't, You can't put something on somebody else's timeline, but, and tell Trying to, so I was trying to speed up the process. Now what you doing? And then I started pulling back. Yes. And like, you know what I, I got to a point where it was almost like, man, fuck this shit man. And I'm like, Yeah, I get it. I Put my, I put my pride and ego aside and say, okay, you know what, let me make it right. But then it got to a point, man, shit man, fuck this shit man. I'm mojo, what am I doing? Ojo is like somebody step on your foot. Yeah Man, that ain't even hurt, bro. You stepped on my foot. How the hell you gonna tell me how it hurt? How much, how much pain I in or how long I should grieve if I've wronged you?


It's not, it's, it's like you tell me I've wronged you Ocho I apologize. Right. I'm gonna apologize. I'm not gonna say if, 'cause a lot of times people say, well if I offended you, if I upset you, well clearly you told me, but I upset you. So I don't need to say if, 'cause you've already told me. If you say I've done something wrong, you told me. I'm sorry. Right. Boom. Yeah, But it's tough. It's like I said, it's tough and when you want something and you ocho but here's the thing, what we're used to, you have to realize, see, as an athlete you could control the outcome. If I did this, this, this, and this, I'm gonna get that.


I'm gonna get this some result. Yeah. I put the work in, boom, instantaneous. 'cause I could see what I did in the course of the off season, right? And go back and try that in mini camp and training camp and boom happen. Just, just like that, like a firework and that that was the issue man. That's that, that was, that was my issue. I'm like, well goddamn damn, listen, I'm doing, I'm doing A, B and C now I'm expecting DENF and I ain't getting DENF fast enough. Exactly. The Volume.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza. There's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered. Like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music. Music to podcast fast shipping. What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.