
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers


as a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home? Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Yo. What's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA Tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas verse Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness,


Galaxy 15 T-Mobile, The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided. Buy one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Bucky asked your door about the draft process so far also about what's essential, what he's essentially been a smear campaign against him. His answer is what you expect from time. Son. It's definitely a learning experience. There are a lot of things that aren't in your control. And just getting the knowledge from your dad and, And you just a coach, family, friends and everybody, You know, that's supporting me and helping me through this process is extremely important. And I'm thankful that I have the, those resources we always understood block out the noise even from Jackson State and Colorado. It's a lot of critics, it's a lot of hate. But we know what to do. We know how to handle that in every way. So we remained happy.


What do you, what, what do, what do you take away from what Shado spoke to Bucky Brooks about today? Prime is prepared shado for this day for a very long time. Huh? And he had the right person on his corner who also had to endure the same type of negative negativity in general from the media based on his style of play, the way he approached the game. Things that had nothing to do with his play, would always used it against him. Shadu understands that. He should understand that because everything he talk about has nothing to do with the game of football. It had nothing to do with what he was able to do at Jackson State. It doesn't talk about him winning at Jackson State. It doesn't talk about him winning at Colorado despite the obstacles he had to overcome despite having, You know, inadequate play at the O line, still being able to complete 70% of his passes.


They don't, they don't talk about none of that. We talk about the way an individual carries himself, his swag, the way he talks, not about being in trouble. Nothing is talking about that ridiculous stuff. Oh, showing off the watch. I mean, so what It's all about having confidence. It's all about having belief. That's what it takes to play at the next level and be successful. The fact that he use that as a negative says, says more about them than it does shado. And I hope he never changes. True. And he continues to have success in all that he does wherever he goes.


You want to get a player like that that going to change your franchise around when someone comes out, comes out and says, I want someone to draft me that wants a player that gonna change their franchise. That's something you want in a quarterback. I know, I know. It's frowned upon a little bit to have one that's as brash and as vocal as that. But if you look at the film And you turn the film on, You know what you get. It shouldn't be no problems at all. Yeah, I'm sure time prepared him for this. His dad prepared him for this. He's been at this, his dad has been at this for a very long time. He's been in the spotlight since his days at Florida State.


Yeah. So he understands that co there's a certain level of criticism that comes along with being the guy, with being a, a good, great football player. He understands that also. It comes along with being a quarterback and Yeah. The objective is, I think the thing is that Ocho a lot of times they try to tell you what you can't do, but they never want to, to emphasize what you can do. Bring me a guy and tell me what he, Hey, what can he do? Because I'm gonna keep him away from what he can't do. That's my job as a coach, is to not put him in a situation where he can't succeed. Okay. You said he he's not good. He's not good on, on read option. Okay. Why would I run his own read if that's not what he's good at? I'm trying to put my players in a situation where they can succeed.


That's what a coach's job is, is to put a guy in a position where he can succeed and get more out of him than the player thought he can get out of himself. Yeah. It's it's, it's gonna be this. I I I'm glad that, You know, he's doing a great job as, as good a job, but he is not a robot with Joe. Yeah. He sees this thing, I mean, he's on social media. He hears these things. He's not a robot. He has feelings, he has emotions. And so no matter how much you're like, oh no, eventually, yeah, you hear it, you hear all the negativity that that what they're saying. Oh man, it does, it doesn't make it any easier.


Now your dad can tell you like, Hey son, this is blah, blah, blah. But it doesn't make it easier. Ocho I ain't trying to hear that. This supposed to be one of the, look, if UR is what we think he is and can and can become the player that we think he can, all that noise, that's all it is. It's just noise. It should have no impact. What somebody says about you and his dad says, what you say about me is not what I think of myself. Yeah, Absolutely. I I just hope, I just hope he has the mental fortitude not to let it bother him. The fact that he's already been through it for so long and he has prime as his father. I don't think it will. 'cause You know, a lot of people when it comes to the media and the media jumps on you and they talk about you, sometimes it gets to certain people, but I think, I think it does.


George built different Prime has been built different. So I think he has a great understanding to ignore it. The blocking noise out. And when his time comes in April, wherever he goes, he shows up and shows the, You know what out. I'm, I'm, I'm excited for him, man. Show the Vikings are set to roll with JJ McCarthy. Tha thank you. Pursue Aren Rogers. Thank you. Bikes have rejected multiple trade calls for JJ McCarthy telling other teams they're moving forward with him as their quarterback. The team plans to add a veteran, but they're not pursuing Aren Rogers at this time. McCarthy now enters the off season as QB one.


That's a, That's a good thing. That's a good thing. And listen, I don't like the way Aren Rogers is, is using the leverage, using his past, his accolades, his resume, and what he's done in the past. The whole team steadily at hostage. Now, some of the reports, he didn't hold Him hostage. Move on. Oh, look, You, they're allowing him just like Green Bay allowed him to do all the things that he did there. The Jets allowed, green Bay allowed it, the Jets allowed it. Just move on That. And you, that's, that's exactly what they should do. Now this is what I like about Minnesota. The reports came, they can, the reports came out about Minnesota obviously being in the hunt trading for him and what they did right away. It ain't even been two days. Oh, we gonna nix that real quick.


We don't have time to play them games with you. So obviously you haven't learned your lesson with the last two places you've been to. 'cause now here you go, tell the other teams you're not sure on what you wanna do yet. Having them wait, using the leverage that you do have, the little bit of leverage you still have to play games. I'm glad that Minnesota VI came out and said what they said that going forward with JJ McCarthy because you drafted him for a reason And you understand what he can do, especially with the supporting Cass he has around him. 'cause you saw what Sam Donna was able to do. He wasn't able to do it with the, Jesse wasn't able to do it with the Panther, but all of a sudden he comes to Minnesota and he has a career year. And that's this time for j JJ McCarthy to step up and do the same damn thing. And that's what he probably going to do because what he has around him is very, very special.


Yeah, well, you gotta find out what if the guy can play or not. Ojo. I mean, you keep kicking the, can you keep kicking the can down the road, bro. Yeah, but listen, even if he couldn't play, we didn't think Sam Dag would play either when he was with the Jets. We didn't think he would, he could play when he was with the Panthers, but all of a sudden, magically he turned the goddamn Houdini over there in Minnesota. But we saw what he looked like the last two games of the season when Yeah, because see there's this thing called expectations. Yeah. You tell me because think about what you just said. You didn't think Sam Donald was gonna do that. Nobody thought Sam Turner was gonna do that. Right. Until expectations came along. And then expectations came along. Oh, we gotta get the number one seed. And then what happened? Oh, we're in the playoffs.


Then what happened? He turned back into Sam Darnell. You see, expectations is the number one killer of goals and dreams. Yeah. Because the moment someone expects something of, see, that's the only way you can hurt me, Ocho, if I don't expect anything, if I'm in a relationship and I'm just casually, I don't expect nothing. Hey, you do. You I'm gonna do me. It's the moment we have expectations in each other. See that it bothers me. That it hurts me if you do something that I don't agree with. See what I mean? So The Vikings started to have expectations. We started to have expectations for Sam Donald. And you see what happened. Now, Now you, you, you, you was preaching a little too fast. Now I'm not sure that people chat.


I'm not sure that people chat catch that. But that was a moment. That was a moment a lot of people might have missed because we're talking about football. But that's something that could apply to life that I think a lot of people missed. But I didn't miss it because as soon as I heard it, You know, I keep that thing on me. Yeah. You keep it on you Expectation. Now bring that to me again And I gotta write it down. Now, when it get to the end of the year, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take all these quotes that I wrote down. Yeah. And I'm gonna make a Nightcap booklet called Hos quotes. So they people gonna apply it to life expectations. Just give to what thing? Yeah. Yeah. It's the number one, it's the number one killer of Dreams. And Ocho Sam Donald.


Nobody. Because they're like, man, he was terrible with the Jets. Yeah. Well, he was terrible with Carolina. Well, we didn't get an opportunity to see him really at Sam Fran. Right. So everybody was expecting, remember the last two stops that they saw him, that he wasn't that good. Right. Okay. So now he doesn't have any expectations. The more you win, the more expectations come along with that. So now, the last couple of games of the season, yo, we got an opportunity to get the number one seed. Right? Boom. Oh, we in the playoffs now, don't matter, blah, blah, blah, boom. Yeah. And You know that a, that that playoff atmosphere is different.


Now that's a whole different ball game for than playing in, in, in, in the regular season. Regular season. He looked phenomenal. It's a different type of pressure. Again, the one, the one word expectation that comes, that comes with being the quarterback. Especially, especially in that type of situation. So I kind of, I kind of understand in the team you are playing or had to play. Eh, Eh, Yeah. But that's what, that's what happens when you have expectations of Joe, like I said, And I like to equate things to relationships because most of the people, especially not Chad, it's been a relationship And relate to it. Yeah. Yeah. It's the moment you have expectations. You see when a couple's in a re in in marriage, there's an expectation.


Mm. You are gonna be faithful. I'm gonna be faithful. Oh, I'm gonna protect you. You're gonna protect me. Come on now I'm gonna honor the vows that we stood before God And we swore to each other. Now I have that expectation. Hey, if you say, Hey, what you doing tonight? I, I ain't gonna be able to see you tonight. And everybody, there's like, there's no expectations. I have no obligation. You have no obligation to me. I see you when I see you. Yeah. Holler. When I holler. Hey, You know what I don't like about, You know what I don't like about the analogy and explanation that you given right now? Yeah. Is the marriage one normally doesn't work, but the one where there no expectations, hell, you beran And you be, you be you be sneaky links or whatever you want to call it.


Yeah. For years and years and years and years. All the way down the line. Because there are no expectations. So there's no failure or reason for anything to ever end All but hair's that the hair's the sneaky part, the Ocho way to get you, you see the number one, the number one Cause that call will cause a relationship to end is uncommunicated expectations. Mm. You see Ocho she expected you to get her flowers And you didn't get 'em. Why didn't you tell me you wanted flowers? You expected her, she expected you Ocho to plan this vacation. Right. You didn't know she wanted to go on a vacation. Uncommunicated expectations. I like that. Ocho thought, did You know what?


Hey, she gonna do this thing for father's Day, we going to do it up, blah, blah, blah. She didn't do it. You see uncommunicated expectations, but again, uncommunicated. But what's the end part? Expectations. Expectations. I like that. I haven't heard, I even, I haven't even heard that word before. Not used. Not used in this context. And actually you together. Un uncommunicated expectations. Yes. I like that. That, hey, that's that you, She had an expectation but she didn't communicate them with you. Right. You have an expectation, but you didn't communicate them with her. So those uncommunicated expectations. And what happens a lot of times people have what we call impulsive personalities.


They hold things, hold things, hold things. There's only so much you can hold before it explodes the term. Oh, he went postal. Yeah. Boom. And so now, instead of just saying, well, You know, Chad, I thought that we were gonna do this, right? No one month go by, two months go by, three months go by, four months go by. And it's building. Wait, what? You don't know. It's not been communicated. So you don't know. It's building. It's building. It's building. Boom. Then it blows. Yeah. You been with me all this time. You should have known.


You see how many times you heard that ocho? All of that. You know what I like? Yeah. All, all the time. All the time. Because you've been with 'em a certain amount. You've been with someone for a certain amount of time. Ain't no woman all the time. Oh, I know you real well. I know you real well. I knew what you gonna say. You can say something Unc Yes. You can finish this sentence for you, but all of a sudden when it come to certain stuff, oh, you didn't want To. I ain't know you wanted that. I ain't know you wanted. Oh, you can't read my mind. I threw you hints. I gave you a sign. A few, I gave you a sign a few weeks ago. A sign. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. In the commercial. I mentioned it when it came on tv. Yeah.


I missed a sign that God gave me too, too. You should have told say, should say, I missed a sign that God gave. I should have left your ass alone about six months ago. I missed that sign. But yeah. But then, and that's, and and that's the thing. I, I just think, You know, sometimes we, we we take for granted and you've been in a relationship, just tell me. Yeah. I I I I'm very, I'm I'm one of these guys. OCHO just tell me Yeah. If you want to do something, tell me I don't have time. I got too much ish on my plate. Yeah. To try to try to figure out what you want. You can just open your mouth and say, if you want to go here, say that. Right. If you want to eat that, say that. If you want this, say that.


But to guy me, You know, You know what to talk about. You know what to talk about on them shows Uhoh what the, What they gotta do with this, What that gotta do with you telling me what you would like to do. And so I I I think the thing is for the, the, the Vikings, they have an expectation now. They see their offense. Yeah. They realize that, Hey, Jetta's gonna be Jetta. Hawkinson has been a Pro Bowl player, Addison. Hey, the more opportunities we give him, the better he can be. Yeah. Offensive line. Maybe they add a piece to the offensive line. But other than that, yeah. I, I, I, I think you, you, you owe, I mean, you draft a kid when you drafted him and Now you, you you keep kicking the can down the road.


And, and he's like, hold on, what I gotta do. You took me, you told me I was the guy and now I get hurt. Okay, I get that. I understand that I got hurt. There's nothing I can do about that ojo. But then I come back and y'all got another guy. You tell me gotta I gotta wait another year. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I did that. That would, that would bother, that would bother anybody. Especially a quarterback that got drafted where he got drafted, expected to start, but due to injury, he had a small setback. And now you've done all the work you need to do during the season last year to get yourself back, not only in playing shape physically and mentally, but Now you talk about bringing somebody else in another veteran presence and telling me, I gotta take a back seat again.


Yeah. Man, wait a minute. What, what, what are we talking about here? Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm happy for him. I'm glad that the organization decided to hurry up and n the rumors that were out there about Aren Rogers coming in and let JJ McCarthy give him that sense of security mentally so he can go forward and know he's quarterback one and doesn't have to look over his shoulder.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash, it's gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30.


Yo. What's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas v. Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greed teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the Final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness


Es a 15 Tmobile.


Hey, this is Shirley Strawberry. And You know what? It's like you're driving around all over town and your schedule is packed all day long. I mean, you're booked and busy. That's when your me time becomes even more important. Well, what if your me time And you driving around time were the same in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano. They can be. I mean, the Murano was literally designed to help you relax. We're talking about ambient mood lighting in over 64 different colors and a Bose premium sound system playing all your favorite music. So you can just dial up the music and the lighting to set whatever vibe you want. And just like that you created your own personal oasis and you're still getting everything done that your crazy day dictates. I mean, it's not often that productivity and relaxation intersect. Right. But they certainly do. And the all new Murano, because no amount of rushing around is going to get you down when you're chilling in a Murano. Check it out for yourself. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Ambient lighting and bows are optional features.


Cam Heyward, the, the, the great defensive tackle for the Pittsburgh Steelers was asked if he'll be doing any recruiting to help bring Rogers to Pittsburgh. I ain't doing none of that Darkness retreat. I don't need any of that crap either. You want to be a Pittsburgh Steeler or you don't. That's simple. That's the pitch. Yeah. If you want me to recruit, that's recruiting. Pitch Pittsburgh Steelers. If you want to be a part of it, so be it. If you don't, no skin off my back. Hey, there are certain teams, you look at the logo on the helmet, they don't need no help. Right. They don't need no recruiting pitch. The product sells itself. Again, I always use that. I use, I always use that example of Blue Magic in the movie American Gangster with Denzel Washington.


The product sells itself. The Steelers historic franchise. Them stars on the side of the helmet. It sells itself. The other franchise things are bigger in Texas. The product sells itself. You don't need to do anything for it. You don't have to recruit nobody. You don't have to, you don't have to sell nobody, nothing. Because Recruitment, that wouldn't be a recruitment ocho that would be begging. And that's what he wants. Thank you. I I Like that. What did I like that the Jets do? The Jets got on a private plane, right? And flew to him. Yes, sir. I mean, I, You know, Ocho I don't know if you saw this, but I had young Miami on the podcast And hey, oh hey.


Oh, well I saw you shooting, boy, lemme tell you something, boy, you were shooting. Hey, you were shooting 70% from the field that night, right? Ain't No 70%. Ain't 70%. Hey, Hey. Oh, don't do that. I see you blushing Baby. Nah, nah, nah. I wasn't shooting. Hey. Nah. Yeah, you, I'm just having, I'm just having great conversation. That's all. Yeah. Yeah. You know, when you, You know, when you in conversation that's called shooting. Now, depending on what you say, it ain't what you say. It's how you say it. That's all about your delivery, baby. You was on point. You was on Point. But let them tell it. I was shooting that cash do, I was shooting at Amber Rose. I was shooting that young Miami. Oh, no, No, no. I was shooting at Kiki. I was shooting. I was like, well damn, I was shooting that bag of gun. I'm like, Well damn, Can I have a conversation? Well, this was a little different. Now you didn't shoot at cast do you didn't shoot at nobody else.


Now this, it's this the conversation and the energy and the aura and the, the, the chemistry in which you can't see. You can't see it because you actually in the room. See, I'm not in the room with you. Yeah. I can see, I can see the heap coming off the couch. You hear me? I can see the connection and the chemistry. Now I'm not, I'm talking about the type of chemistry when you play Twister, that kind of chemistry where they say red And you gotta cross over. You hear me? Yeah. I've seen it. Now. You can't see it. So it's, it's, it's my dude. I've in the room. Listen, I know you in the room. That's why you can't see it now. So I'm trying to tell you what I saw. Huh? Your wifi was on point. I'm talking about every, every bar was there. It was there, it was a connection. There was chemistry. You can't see it. So I you do with that what you will.


And I ain't do nothing with it. I'm not doing anything with it, Joe. We we're happy. I'm, I'm 1000. Okay. I I I, for me, right? I I, I couldn't in good conscience. Right. It's alm it would be almost like I'm a therapist and some lady comes and talk about her problems and then I end up sleeping with her. Or if I'm a, I'm a lawyer And I have a client And I know she's, she's, she's vulnerable. Right? Right. Nah, Rob, I'm just having a conversation. I, I mean, I love the fact Go ahead. Lemme see. Lemme see what you, You know, this is, it is the problem. This is the problem with, this is what happens when it comes to us. When, when it comes to us, our people, we overthink things. We overthink things And we try to analyze them and, And we put things in our head with a scenario like you just did Now you just said a scenario.


You gave a narrative that fit the way you thought. This individual is based on the situation that you created. And I see God always has a plan for us. And he puts people in our life in certain situations. And you are missing your blessing. That could be Now Young Miami chose to come do Club Chahe and sat down. Yes. Yes. That could. I'm I'm grateful for every guest. Yeah. Now listen, that could have been a sign from God. You never know. Now what I saw when I watched the interview, I say, but this is more than just a talk. This is more than just a conversation. Now I can see the energy, I can see the aura. I can, I can see the, the, the, the, the chemistry on camera.


Now you can't see it. And I'm telling you again. Now listen to me when I talk to you, 'cause I wouldn't tell you And I wouldn't steer you wrong. 'cause this wheel, the wheel over here, Jesus got this one. Okay. Telling. I'm not telling you, I'm not telling you to make no moves. I'm just telling you. I, I, I can see it. And I o Joe. I know, I know. You know, I know we got people watching. You really wanna say nothing. No, no, no, No, no, no. That now people watch watching. It's just like you heard what she said. Man, guys show ocho, guys showing up with Crock Birkins. Yeah. Hold on first. Wait, Hold on. That Now you just talked about, I want somebody, you talked about wage just the other night.


Now you talked about Birkins and now this is right up your alley about what? You, this what you were talking about. Ocho. Ocho. That's a buildup. She said Birkins now is a starter pack. Right. I'm thinking Lv I'm thinking Gucci, YSL I'm thinking Dior. Right. She say Birkins, prock, Birkins. Right. That's a starter pack guys buying G. Man. Man, come on man. Y'all, y'all know man. First of all, You say you want him young. Huh? Didn't I tell you? Didn't I tell you, you got to evolve. This is what you gotta deal with. You want when you want 'em young, Huh? Hey, Not only that, there's certain other areas. Now you gonna have to, you gonna have to listen. You gonna have to update your resume.


Well, I'm gonna have to go, I'm gonna have to, lemme tell you what I'm gonna have to do. I'm gonna have to start going to church and get me somebody with a hat sitting in. They sitting in the deacon s corner. Me bad. I ain't got no bread. Like I can't, Hey, Uhuh, I ain't me. I tell you, I tell you what, I tell you what I tell you what, now, if you, if you, if you do me a solid And you do me a favor, young Miami, You know, that's my sis. Now You know she from Miami, she's from Bay County. Now you, yes. You know. Okay. I'm just, I'm just making sure, You know, that's why I'm vouching for, that's why I'm vouching for sis. Right? Yeah. No, I, I look, I, I know, I know, I know, I know. You're trying to keep it professional. No, but I, but I like the fact, I like the fact that they come in and they open up And we have a conversation. Right.


And we just be talking. I mean, look, I, I, I mean I had a great conversation because like I said, I, I had no, I didn't ever think I would even meet any of these people. So Right. For me, I'm like, like, man, I can't believe you sitting across from me. Right. That's how I look at 'em. I don't, I don't like, okay, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me try to throw a question in here and try to get s slick with it. Now. I don't, I ain't, I ain't trying to Do this. Man. I, you've got, see, you've got to do that. You got to say the things you're saying right now, I'm saying the things I'm saying that you can't say that you might be thinking. See that's what me being your other half is supposed to do. I'm supposed to be able to see things that you can't see and then relate what I see that you should do.


But you don't wanna do it because you keep a, you keeping a certain level of professionalism. Yeah. I Professional in your face At all times. Now, lemme tell you what I'm gonna do. Now you talk about, you understand the re the, the, the prerequisites when it comes to dealing with her. Yeah. Now if you wanna lead up with one of them, chronic burkins, I've seen your 5,200 to speed up the process. No, send me that card. That's what you owe me. Not because that's gonna be a down payment on the damn bag. Send me that because that's what the hell you owe me. Chad, y'all this man, this bag talking about, oh, if you gonna get a crock broken, I'll send you 5,200 on it. How you going send me money? How you going to talking about you gonna send me something on it? What?


You owe me that? Hey, hey, hold on. Lemme give you a prime example before we move on to the next topic. Go ahead. Before we move on to the next topic. Understand the professionalism Yeah. In which you carry yourself, the structure and discipline and everything that you do. That's what I love about you. That's why we work so well. 'cause I'm the complete opposite. So yeah. I'm gonna give you a small example. Okay? There was a movie that came out not too long ago when, ah, what's the lady's name? Jennifer Anderson. Jennifer Anderson was dating Brad Pitt. They were a couple. Yeah. They were together and all of a sudden Brad Pit, Mr. Mrs. Smith. Yeah. Brad Pitt went off to do a movie with with Angela Jolie.


Mr. Mr. Smith. Yes. Okay. Okay. You hear, you see where I'm going with this. So listen, it don't matter what you got going on. Life, sometimes God puts you in situations. In this case happened to be Club Shake Shea with a sit down with Brother Shannon Shar in Isha. And the situation, to me, it was to me, from the outside looking in, regardless of the pro professionalism that you're trying to instill and carry, because you have to, I saw a situation like that. Speaking of Pittsburgh, ni g Harris says there is a lack of leadership with the Steelers. We just didn't know anything on offense really. We didn't have any identity. We had a young guy coming in at coming in at qb.


I really didn't have nobody to almost learn from on the offensive side. You like that he's saying that Ocho I mean, at the runup at the, at the run back position and saying that you don't have anybody to learn, You know, at that specific position. I, I I I don't really like that. Okay. I, I, I, I personally don't because there's so many resources. Once you're in that atmosphere that you can learn from, where it doesn't have to actually be a person right there outside of your head teaching you, because there's so much you can learn on your own. They, they have film, they have votes, they have man go gods of of footage and stuff.


You can, you can learn. Right. You know? Yeah. I, and, and to say something like, and to say something like that with the tutelage that you're getting at the organization you're at, how could you even say something like that? Look at all the backs that have come through there. Yeah. But they weren't there. The veteran leadership wasn't there when he got there. That's the thing that I'm very appreciative of. I had a guy, even though he was a year older than me, Steve Atwater, that had to be professional. I had Dennis Smith who had been there since 1981, who said, this is how you do things. This is how you be professional. You be punctual, you be on time, you practice hard. I saw John, I saw all those guys, the veteran guys and how they do things. Yeah. Okay. Me now Ocho I got the younger guys coming in.


That's my job for Burns Foot, rod Smith, the other guys, td, chalk guy Howes. Now I go to Baltimore. Now the other younger guys, some of the younger guys, the Rays and think Todd heaps. Yeah. That's what you do. That's, I think that's what he's talking about. Yeah. I think now I don't wanna put words in his mouth, guys. Right. But I think that's what he's talking about. Like how to be professional, how to make sure I practice doing everything that I possibly can to make sure that I'm maximizing my time here. And I'm very, I'm very grateful that I got to Denver. I had guys, You know, there are guys that wanted to party. I know that's not why I was there.


Right. Maybe Ocho, had I been a first or second round pick, maybe I would've partake. Probably not because that's never been my mo. Right. But knowing that I'm on thin ice And I see Atwater And I see Dennis Smith And I see those other guys, John And I see the way they're doing things And I say, You know what? Yeah. I kind, I I need to be, I I need to be in that group. Mm. Listen, I And I, I I, I understand it And I, I truly don't understand where he's coming from in a sense, because obviously you understand what it took you to get here. Right? Yeah. This is hard. Najay Najay, you've been dreaming about this since you was a little shorty. Since you're a little kid, this was a dream of mine. You have finally reached that pinnacle of reaching what you've always dreamed of.


Then you, not only that, you part of a historic franchise, the Pittsburgh Steelers. I'm not getting somewhere and worried about veteran leadership. When I understand the work it took me to get here, I'm already aligned with the end goal. All my, all my goals reset themself once I make it. I'm not worried about no veteran leadership. I know what I need to do based on the goals that I set for myself personally. It don't matter who's in the room. It don't matter who was there before me. Yeah. That shit I need to get done And I gotta focus and everything. I do have to align with my end goal regardless to whether I have a veteran presence or not.


At my Pacific position, I wanna be one of the best to play this game ever. You talking about no better leadership. Look at the players that came before you that played the exact position. The Jerome Bees, the Willie Parkers. I mean I'm you I'm sure you're gonna the James. Yeah. But I need them there though. Ocho see you talking about, you talking about a pro, a pro A pro is the occupation in which you do it. Right? That's a professional, a pro is how you go about that. You see it out And you see the difference between college and pros. What do they do? They get your ass up. They make sure you go to study hall. Yeah. They make sure you do X, Y and Z. They make sure you are in the weight room. Who does that? When you go to the NFL? You And I, I, it helps, it helps when you see somebody that that's a pro.


Yeah. Because once you get there, we're all professionals. But to be a pro, it's something to be said. For me, that's just me now, hey. Every to each his own. But there's something to be said for me to have veteran. I remember Mark Jackson would take me up on his wing and say, Hey, hey, You know, I see you ran that route, but I'm not so sure how to run it like that because blah, blah, blah, X, y, z. I said, okay, I appreciate that man. Yeah. He pulled me to the side. Hey, hey, threaten that guy a little bit more. Hey, you, you got your head around a little too far stuff it it, little stuff like that. Ocho Yeah. That You know, I mean stuff that you can't see. Yeah. Because you used to get, Hey Ocho, we used to used using God give ability getting open. Yeah. It take more than that in the NFL. Yeah.


Because all them joking got God give Hey, God touched all them. Yeah. I I got you. I I understand it And I wish I could told Najay to get, get, to get better context and get a little bit more in depth on what he means by it. And maybe I'm thinking a little different because of, of my approach. Yeah. I know veteran leader leadership. I understood, okay, I finally got here. I know what my goals are And I make sure everything I do are going to align with that end goal to make sure I, I become at some 0.1 of the best to ever play. Not just for the Bengals, but to play in the history of this game in general. I'm gonna leave my imprint whether people like me or not. Then I think about also hell huh. But the people in the chat, huh? No better leadership.


Where did I stay the first two years of my, in the NFL where I live at? Yeah. And I'm locked. I'm locked in. I don't care who's there. I know what I got. Do I know what it takes to make sure I'm able to be consistent this as a rookie. Yeah. You know what? I might not have better impressions, but I'm gonna do the things I think I need to do to make sure I give them the best of me. Giving you the best of me. You know, it's a part of me. I think. I think nine G doesn't feel like the Steelers really appreciated him. Yeah. Because a guy that's just barely rushing for a thousand yards is not gonna get the appreciation like a saquon.


Right. Like a Derrick Henry. Like these guys rushing for 14, 1500 yards. Right. He's never had less than a thousand yards rushing. Don't Joe. But he's not spectacular. You don't look at him like, oh my God, you don't think that every when he gets the ball, see at least like Saquon gets the ball. You think, man, he might hit his head on the goal post. Yeah. Or or Derrick Henry going end the game with 150, maybe 200 yards. That's not what you get from him. I thought he was a a good back. Yeah. I, I don't think, I don't think he, I don't think he changes life. No. He's not a guy that's gonna change your life for me now in college, he was sensational. Yeah. He, he'll, he'll be, I like he a bell cow. Three, three down back. I, I like it.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Yo. What's good It is Gyp C from Club five 20 podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness


15 Tmobile.


Hey this is Shirley Strawberry. And You know what? It's like you're driving around all over town and your schedule is packed all day long. I mean, you're booked and busy. That's when your me time becomes even more important. Well, what if your me time and your driving around time were the same in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano? They can be. I mean the Murano was literally designed to help you relax. We're talking about ambient mood lighting in over 64 different colors and a Bose premium sound system playing all your favorite music. So you can just dial up the music and the lighting to set whatever vibe you want. And just like that you created your own personal oasis and you're still getting everything done that your crazy day dictates. I mean, it's not often that productivity and relaxation intersect. Right. But they certainly do. And the all new Murano, because no amount of rushing around is going to get you down when you're chilling in a Murano. Check it out for yourself. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Ambient lighting and bows are optional features.


Oh, Joe Jamar was not Jamar Chase signed this deal. T Higgins signed this deal. They had their press conference. Yeah, we, Jamar was not happy with the reporter calling T receiver number two. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. What we, it would've probably been wider secret one when Receiver put out there that be highest speed, wide receiver two. How does that one a you're saying was for that fixing it one a. Yes sir. You know, bro, I don't even look at it like that. You know what I mean? I kind of wish they wouldn't have put it out there like that. So, 'cause now it's, that's why everybody's saying I'm the highest paid too. You know, let's just say I'm at a place where, You know, they value me and You know, they respect me And I just, I'm, I'm a good player here.


So let's, let's just say that that's not the highest receiver too or anything like that. You know what I mean? So let's just say he's another great receiver, bingos receiver that, You know, that puts in the work and, and got his head down and just grinds. So, I mean, oh, Joe Report. I've been saying it for a very long time. Huh? I've been saying it for a very, every, very long time. Every time I talk about the Bangals Duo, I say it all the time and I've been saying it for a very long time. You And I even went back and forth about it, You know, continuously on here. I said he's a wide receiver one that just happened to be on a, on a team with another number one. Yeah. There are a few instances, a few, a few other teams that also benefit, benefit from this situation.


I'm not sure what the reporter is doing and the reporter who understands the game of football and is being able to watch t and Chase together should know that, know better. That needs a one. If he were to leave there, he would've been paid as a number one because that's exactly what he is. It just so happens he have Jamar Chase on the other side of him. But anyway. Well, We look at, we look at we, lemme ask you a question. Yeah. When Pastor tne lined up, who Pastor Tain going to? He going to Chase or he going to t Higgins? Or if if he's following, he's going to Chase. Okay, chase sa Gardner Stingley. If he's following, he going, he's going to chase.


So why wouldn't it? I I I under I understand what you're saying, right? That's, that's, that's the thing. Now OCHO right now there didn't used to be no QB one. Right? It was the start quarterback. Right? It was no qb It was no wide receiver. Wide receiver one. Right. It was, it was wide receiver. It was Michael Irv, stern Sharp, Jared Rice, Randy, blah, blah, blah. Kio. Now they got that, got all these things wide receiver one. Whoa. Wait, wait, hold on, hold on now. Hold on. Ain't ain't no all Now there are only a few teams like that. The Eagle that's wide receiver one and one B, the Bengals that's wide receiver one A and one B. What they did over there with Cooper Cup and Pook naco that was wide receiver one A and one B. Right now what they will do is they will take some of your production, your opportunities away from you and make it look like there's something wrong with you.


And make you look like wide receiver too. When there's really nothing wrong with you. If you understand the business and how they work your ass out outta there. But let me, this is why I look at it. Ocho Talk to me. Why didn't they give, if, if, if Jalen Waddle was the, the equivalent of Tyreek, why didn't they give him the same type of money that he gave Tyreek? Now you, if Devonte Smith was the same, was the equivalent receiver, so why did they give t Higgins 40 million? Wait, You know, You know you can't, you can't work like that now. Come on. No, I I'm he, he, he wide receiver one. Why receiver one get wide receiver one money. Right? Yeah. And listen, we, we, we, we can, we can argue, we, we can argue, we can argue to it, but listen, normally, normally when we talk about wide receiver one And we talk about wide receiver two, there is an enormous drop off in skill and talent.


Enormous. Now you got two receivers that get it done. Totally. Two totally different ways. Are you saying Are, are you fa are you saying there no drop. Hold on, I wanna make sure I'm here. Yeah, there's a Drop off. I said enormous. No, no, no Extravagant. Extravagant drop off from your one And you two. There's a reason the person is a one and there's a reason the other person is a two. Now you got, let me finish. You got two ruthers that are really, really good at what they do. High point, short, intermediate, long balls. Now both of them do all of 'em really well. That I think the, one of the few things that Chase might have on Run after the catch On on Yeah.


Is that goddamn run after the catch. My God. I And that, that's also because Chase, his background, his background in playing, running back when he was younger. That's why he looked like that. Every time he get the ball, he like a, he like a damn running back. He bouncing off people playing Ping bong. I mean, listen, you touch me, I'm going down. You touched me. I'm going down, I'm making a business decision. So I Look, I get you, I'm, I glad he got paid. I think he, I think he earned a right. I mean, the way he played, he had been exemplary. Yeah. The whole while there they made him play under the tag. He played under the tag. He cottoned, but he still had double digit touchdown. He was gonna be well over a thousand yards and so they compensated him.


Yeah. I love, I love when teams reward their players for work put in. Now Ocho, I've already paid you for what you've done. Right, right. Now for me to give you this money, they're not paying, they're not paying Chase for the triple Crown. Right. Because they paid him that they're paying him for moving forward. Yeah. We believe you're gonna put up numbers equivalent to that, if not better. I can't pay, I can't, how do I I I paid you, it wasn't like he didn't get a salary OCHO and now we got to make up for what we didn't give him. He got paid. Right. With that being said, I believe Chase, they believe Chase is gonna put up numbers equivalent to if not better than what he put up last year.


So I'm going to pay you accordingly. Yeah, yeah. And that was good. And he's earned it. Yeah, absolutely. He, he's earned it. I'm glad he didn't have to go. I'm glad he didn't have to go to get some. Yeah. Because so many times we see guys put, oh, put the work in, put the work in, and then the guy go somewhere else to get, get rewarded, get to get the appreciation that I should have got from the club that drafted me. Yeah. You thought enough of drafted me. You know, that's why I tell people a lot of times what I love Dan, by Dan Reeves, he was smart enough to draft me, but somehow forgot to cut me the Bengals. Oh, you, you really loved t you did your homework, you took him in the second round, but now he give you all those great years And you won't let him, you gonna let him move on.


Right. And you gonna let his, because he ain't in his prime yet. So now the next four years is really gonna be, You know, his prime And you gonna let somebody else reap that benefit because you cheap. Yeah. So I was glad they probably, You know, You know, You know what the funny thing I think a lot of people haven't talked about they really don't know is a person that's pulling the strings behind closed doors. The person with the power, the person who runs the show and is making the calls is really nine. Yeah, for sure. You know, A lot of people ain't talking about that. We talk about t going here no matter what. I've said, no matter what people on ES, espn, no matter what people have said on X or Twitter, for that matter, the person behind the closed, the, the closed doors who went up the management and probably said, listen, I don't know what you need to do, what you need to do with the numbers on my contract or what you need to restructure, but Uno and five, I need that back come hell or high water.


If you understand that Joe Burwin, how he conducts his business and the way he goes about it and that man, young, young boy ain't playing not by them two, You know what I love Ocho the fact that he was outspoken about it. A lot of quarterbacks like, yeah, we'd love to have him back, but that's not my call. Right. He said, oh, we need him back. Oh, his definitely. He like, they they've, they, he's like, they've earned, they've earned the right. He said, and he said the same thing about Trey Hendrickson. It seems like they're a little bit more open to trading tre than, than potentially bringing him back. But that's something we'll discuss at a later date and time. Right. But he came on first take and he was very, Hey, I want them to pay Chase. Chase has earned that. I want them to pay t he's a valuable piece to what we do And I want him back.


Right. None of that. Hey, yeah, we'd love to have him back, but You know, I don't make that decision. I'm just a quarterback. No, no. I, I And so I love, I love that that part about him Ocho a key factor in the Jamar Chase t higgin negotiation with Joe Burrough's influence beyond the public comments, burrow applied private pressure, making it clear deals must get done for both if, since it fell, could have gotten very, very interesting. Yeah. Hey, listen, I, I listen, I I'm glad that we just brought that up And I just said it ahead of time. Obviously I wouldn't have said it when, when all this stuff was going on, but if, if, if you understand, I, I, I've watched Joe now for a few years.


I've seen him up in person. I've heard the stories about the way he conducts himself and goes on, goes on about his business and his approach to the game and how serious he takes it. In order to cont in order to continue playing at an elite level, you have to have elite talent around you. And you understand that, especially offensively, in order to keep that going and continue to, to give us a chance offensively to get where we want to go, we already know what the end goal is. Every time you compete And you play on a Sunday in order to get there, especially San Francisco, I need my, I need my two, I need my Uno, I need my five. And I don't know what we need to do. I I I don't know what we need to do upstairs, but we need to make it happen.


Yeah. I that's it. I think some, I think sometimes their quarterbacks be like, I got my money to hell with the rest of this stuff. I ain't got nothing to do with me. And they, and they take they That's a cop out Joe. Yeah. It's a cop out to say, well, I don't get to make that decision. Yeah, I've heard, I've heard that before. And you, you hear that a lot. I mean, and You know, Joe making 55 me, Hey y'all feel for yourself. But he knows a part of him getting that 55 million was, was was one in five. It is. You said it right there. Now you, you come in there playing around and bring somebody else in. They can't do it one in five. You don't understand. He understand You gonna be upset. I mean, he been throwing be mad. I mean he's pretty much been throwing a chase for what, five years had him in college a year, missed him and then picked him Right.


Back up. Back Up. Yeah. So with that being said, I, I'm glad these guys got it done. Congratulations guys. Well deserved The Volume.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they playing the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the Final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway Spring is in full swing, so take some time for self-care this spring. Now through April 22nd, buy two self-care items and save $2. Shop in store nor online for self-care essentials. Like Tom's toothpaste, soft soap, liquid hand soap, Colgate Optic White toothpaste, and Colgate Total toothpaste. And save $2 when you buy two Participating items. Offer ends April 22nd. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.