
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay score all your Once in a Blue Moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season, and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back To Business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the day. Make it all right.


Bu


With the Lucky Land Slotts, you can get lucky just about anywhere. Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to, has anyone seen the bride and groom? Sorry. Sorry. We're here. We were getting lucky in the limo And, we lost track of time. No Lucky Land Casino with cash prizes that add up quicker than a guest registry. But in that case, I pronounce you lucky. Pay for free@luckyslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Grove Void were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ionic five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 IAC five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive. And 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. For more details.


The Volume


NFL Week one is here. And in new season, mean new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns King hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new draft King customers bet. $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us Draftking Sportsbook app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. C dk nng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hey, now it's time for our special segment because it's a special night. We just can't do it the normal way. Special Night Ojo Ocho. We're gonna make this a competition, so we're gonna call someone to the stage and they're gonna spell off against you. So if you think Hold on. Spell against me? Yeah. You you got your hat. You brought your hat. I I left my hat home. Oh yeah. Hey, y'all know how to spell If you could Thank you. A better speller in Ocho. Come up to the mic. The mic is right here. We got a mic right there. Y'all finna lose. Hey, you got a cowboy hat on. You can't beat me. Alright? Nah. Alright. Who we got? Who We got Ocho. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna let you pick your opponent. I ain't gonna even pick your opponent.


I'm gonna let you pick her. Who wanna lose? Come on. Yo. Come on. Nightcap. Nightcap you at the nightcap stuff. I'm finna whoop your ass. Come on, come on. No, not, not this time. Not this time. You good? Where the mic at? Where the mic at? What up nigga? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey. Yeah. You real? You real aggressive? Okay, Shannon? Yeah. I been Waiting For this moment.


You been waiting on this moment? Yeah. Okay. He been waiting on this moment. Yeah, that's, he about to set your ass up. Shit. Yeah, you heard it? He's like, what up, did you? Yeah. All Yeah. Hey, I appreciate the support, man. I appreciate the support. I love y'all. Alright. Ojo. The f this is an easy word. Hey, I got a question. Yes. If we have guests, right? Yes. It's Unc Ocho. Yes. It's Fellow o cinco. Yes. Why are we not allowing the guest Go fir to go first. Okay. You want the guest to go first? You wanna go first, my man? Hey, I watch every show. Okay. And, alright. Yeah. How you go? I'll go first. The first word for my, what's your name? My man, Kemper. Keer Norwood Jr.


Oh, Kemper. That's my, he ask a question every night. Keer. Good job. Thanks for showing up, bro. We love you, bro. Keer Norwood, junior. Okay. Kera, your word is sunshine. S-U-N-S-I-N-E. Yes. Yes. Woo. What? Okay. O Joe. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. What? He spelled it right? Yeah, he spelled that right. Thank you. Hold on. Are you trying to cheat me? Mancho? He said S-U-N-S-H-I-N-E. Is that what he said? No, you. Thank you.


His mic cut out. His mic cut out. Okay. All right. Alright. Bet. Okay. We, that's okay. We gonna leave that under a, a, a question. Okay. Okay. Your word. Acknowledge, Acknowledge, Acknowledge. You finally acknowledge that rail is the love of your life. Ac. Yeah. Okay. NOW. Yeah. L-E-D-G-E. Come on man. Okay. Okay. Careful. Stop telling Me. Okay. Careful. Get Went out. Listen. I went to Harvard. What are you talking about, man? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Ki Okay, here we go. For, You went nervous for only one semester.


Huh? You went to Harvard for only one? I know. I got kicked out for fighting. Okay, let's Go. Let's go. Ocho. Kera. Wait. Here we go. Right here. Bicycle. B-I-C-L-E. Goddamn. Hey, Kera, are you related to Ocho? I'm, I'm finna win. Okay. Ocho, here it is. Here it is. Meticulous. Meticulous. Meticulous. Yes. Meticulous.


Meticulous. Use it in a sentence, please. Meticulous. Meticulous. You went through, hold on. Lemme No, no, no, no. I went through Ocho is a very meticulous dresser. Meticulous. Ma, ma, ma. Meticulous. Damn, that shit. They're hard, bro. Yeah. I mean, for, for, I got it. Went to Harvey for a semester. Yeah, but we ain't talk about meticulous when I was there. Alright. Meticulous. You ready? Yes, ma.


It's wrong. Yeah, It's Wrong. ME, Oh yeah. Me. Oh, meticulous. Me. Yeah, Me. MOUs. Yeah, yeah, yeah. MET, yeah. IC Yeah. U Yeah. O. No, No. M-E-T-L-O. Ssl OS. That's What I said. Close. Alright. Keppra, you are on the road right here. You gotta get this one right. Keppra. You gotta get this one right to stay alive. I know you nervous Window. W-I-N-D-O-W. Yes. Yes, yes.


Ocho. This is for the win. If you spelled this word correctly, you win. Hold On, hold on. Gimme a minute If you spelled this correctly. Yeah. Yeah. I'm feeling, I'm feeling good. I'm feeling good. I'm feeling good. I'm finna whoop your ass. Boy. The word is comradery. Unc and ocho have great comradery. COM. You Heard me? What'd you say? Comradery. Yeah.


COM. No, calm comradery. That's wrong. Yeah. You Bullshitting? Yeah. No, I ain't bullshitting. Comradery is CAM. Yeah. CAM. That don't even, that don't even sound like C-A-M-A-R-A-D-E-R-I-E. How did I even know that? Yeah, I know. I can tell. You should Have said, you should have said chemistry. Okay. Okay. They're tied. This is for the spell off. All right. Each person gets one word. Yeah.


Kera, your word is garden. GAR. Why his word? So over. Whoa. Whoa. Don't interrupt the man while he spelling G-A-R-D-O-N. You got it wrong. Let's, I'm back in the game. I'm back in the game. I'm back in the game. Okay. Alright. Ocho. Ocho. I'm back in The game. Ocho. Yeah. If you get this word correctly, I promise you. I promise, I promise y'all I'm gonna get this shit. Okay. Come on. Come on. Your word Ocho is ostentatious.


One would say this necklace is very ostentatious. O Ostentatious ostentatious. Os ostentatious. Damn. I'm sounding it out, but I just can't get it. Hey, Listen. Okay. Here it's Right. I, I got one. Okay. Ostentatious like Ost Texas. Austin. No. Am I wrong? Austin. Okay. Ocho. Ocho. Hey, How all you motherfucker know how to spell y'all cheating. Ostentatious, ostentatious, ostentatious, Ostentatious. Yes.


Ah. Is it a a A o? I was. I'm OOS. Yes. T-E-N-T-A-C-I-O-U-S. Stop playing with me. Boy. Boy. Go sit down boy. Stop playing with me boy. Harvard Education And the winner is, I Fucking love you. You good? Hey, after this McDonald's, okay, I got you on game Ocho wins Fellow Seco For the first time.


For the first. For the first time. For the first Tavo tour. For the first time on tour. Let's go. Alright, now it's Tacho. Your questions are on the card, on the table. I haven't seen them and no one is obviously I don't have earphones in Ash. Did anybody brief him on the, on the answers? And now no. Now it's time for Dunk on Unc. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I gotta stand up for this. Oh. Oh, this is a good one. Y'all ready? Yeah. Who was the Dallas Cowboys first ever draft pick in the 1961 NFL draft?


Well, shit, he aint told me to spell ostentatious First Draft. 1961. First ever draft pick. Jerry Jones was here. No, Jerry won. Oh my God. I was Bob Lily. Oh hell no. Hey, somebody briefed him on this. Man. You weren't even here in 61. Y'all knew that the Computer, you the log in, You cheating.


You cheating, you cheating. Alright, alright. Right. You ain't gonna get this one. Which former New York giant player became the team's first Hall of Famer to be inducted in as a coach, which former New York Giants player became the team's first hall of Famer to be inducted as a coach. Vince Lombardi Wrong. Tom Landry. God damnit. Oh, damn it. Yeah. Yeah. He was the D coordinator for the Giants. Let's go. Oh, you gonna get this wrong too. Hey, the Cowboys team in 1975 was famously called the Hail Mary team after miraculous playoff win.


Yeah. Who caught, who caught Roger Starbucks's iconic Hail Mary pass against the Minnesota Vikings. Drew Pearson against the Minnesota Vikings. Nah, that don't count. 'cause somebody said the answer I Nobody Told you that. Don't do that. ocho. Oh yeah. You ain't gonna get this one. You ain't gonna get this one. Who was the first Dallas Cowboys player to record 20 or more sacks in a single season? Harvey Martin. Wrong to Marcus. Where? Let's go. Yeah. Who the hell is Harvey Martin? He played in the seventies. Oh, okay. Yeah. You wrong. Super Bowl MVP. Him and Randy White against the Broncos.


Okay. Okay. Here we go. Shit, I'm on the roll now. In what year did the Dallas Cowboys win their first Super Bowl? Oh my God. Ain't Ain't looking too good for y'all. 2 73 Ain't looking too good for you. Hold On, hold on, hold on. Lemme think now. Hold On. God, don't be cheating over there now. 71. See? No, 72 was the Dolphins. They went back to back 72, 73. I'm gonna say, Oh, shoot, 71.


You know, I think my research might have been wrong 'cause I put 72. Yeah, though the Dolphins remember the perfect season that Wasn't in 72. Okay, so you got it wrong again. 71. So it was 71. You sure? I'm not sure, but that's what I'm saying. I'm going with Google it. Huh? 1 71. You got it right. But you, you said 72 first. I know. I said the Dolphins went perfect in 71. All Right. This your last one. It's your last one. I don't won though. Huh? I got a throwaway Question. All right. This is the last one. Last one, Okay. Who was the first Dallas Cowboys player to win an N-F-L-M-V-P award?


R I'm going Roger Staubach? No, Emmett Smith. Emmett Smith? Yeah. Really? Yes. Yes. Emmett, you lost? No, I won. I got three. I got three, Right? No, you got two. It was wrong. What year? 70. Roger. Starbucks ain't win. No. N-F-L-M-V-P. Yes he did. I'm almost certain he did. What year? It had to be in the seventies, so I'm gonna say 70. Was it?


Nah, Ash, We got Ash on the board right quick. I'm almost certain Roger Starbeck won an MVP. Nah, I don't think so. We said, we said N-F-L-M-V-P, not Super Bowl. No, he won a Super Bowl MVP but not a regular season. MVP. Yeah. So I was right. Yeah, he won a Super Bowl MVP, but not a regular. But you didn't clarify that. You said NVP. I Said who won? N-F-L-M-V-P. Okay. The Super Bowl is an N NFLs. Oh, Come on man. Come on man. Alright. But I win anyway, Ocho. It's, it's fine. It's fine. So right now, Hey, how y'all doing? Y'all good?


Our next guest coming out. Eric Kendricks, is you here? Come on. What up Bro? Hold You got a mic? What's up? Hey, you go bro. Yo right here. If I'm going to be, what's up? What? What's Up? I'm trying to get comfortable right now. You good? All right. I'm good. Alright. Tell us about the transition to becoming a cowboy. Crazy. What's it been like? It's different. You know, football is crazy out here, you know, I hear about Texas football.


I'm coming California. Right. There's good football out there. But you know, football is, is different in Texas for sure. It's a little bit, a little bit more, you know, You know, more on a P stone, A little bit more pressure. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Played for the Vikings, the C Seahawks, if I'm not mistaken. No, My brother played with Seahawks. Okay. That's your brother. But I played for the Charger. Charger, yeah. You reunited with X. Right. So what's what, so how has being reunited with a former coach, because obviously you know this defense and so you've been able to partake some of the wisdom, the keys of where guys need to be, what Zim is looking for in a particular defense. So tell us about somewhat being a coach on the field.


Yeah. You know, I feel like at, at first, you know, we're all trying to learn the basics, you know, I mean, obviously I have a little bit of a head start, but everybody's learning the basics. You know, we're trying to get the concepts down. They kind of carry over to different coverages, you know, we can run split coverages, things like that. But, you know, I feel like with Zims defense, it's always about like, you know, the player's taking a little bit of ownership too. You know what I mean? We have to be at, we're, we're the ones that are quarterbacking it out there. So, you know, at some point, you know, we gotta be the one making the calls and checks and be confident and when we're doing so, and I feel like now that's, you know, we, we obviously we're in camp for a month and stuff like that, but now we're transitioning, we're about to play this first game, and I feel like now we're starting to transition into having that confidence where everybody's kind of like, oh, okay, we're running this now, let's run this now.


You know? So it's been a lot of fun. And you know, obviously we have a different pieces than I had in Minnesota, but, you know, the, the, the, the heart of the, the heart of the, the scheme is the same. You know, Listen, Zim was the defensive coordinator of Cincinnati when I was there, so Zi is really cool. He cursed a goddamn lot. You curse a lot. But what is your expectations, your personal goals for you throughout this season or this upcoming season? Your own personal goals? My personal goals is to be, you know, the, the, just the, the voice that everyone can count on. You know, the, just the, you know, the constant communicator, you know, be be overdoing my communication to the fact that we're all on the same page. Yeah. You know, I wanna definitely be the anchor right there, but shoot, you know, I just want to just, just keep stacking these years I feel like, you know, a hundred plus, you know, three and something, you know, I don't want to, you know, get too specific.


I write 'em down and everything like that. Right. But, you know, I wanna win a Super Bowl, man. You know, That's why you played My, you know, it, it's cliche, but you know, my brother won one. Right. You know, I got kind of close, but, you know, not really, you know, so I wanna, I wanna get it, I wanna get it going. Right. Obviously, like you, you played this game a long time and there are always surprises that when you come in, there's a rookie that comes in that stands out and you're like, okay, be it offense or defense, you like, he can play and he's gonna play, he's gonna make plays for us and he's gonna be big for us. Who surprised you in this rookie class that you're like, okay, be an offense or defense that he can Play. Yeah, one of my linebackers, Neil Meris, you know, he was a kid from Hawaii, you know, went to Notre Dame. I think I, I don't, I don't know which round he got drafted.


You know, I don't, I kind of disconnect myself from that. But he came in, you know, he's obviously learning. He's very humble kid, quiet, but he knows his role, you know what I mean? He's been getting more and more, more and more burn. You know, we had a couple guys go down to camp and he had to step up in roles where he, you know, he had to be more of a communicator, you know, more of a, a guy who was out there and he's know, he's done, he's done a great job. You know, I just, it it, it gives me a little, it gives me passion, you know, going into my 10th season, you know, seeing a guy in his first year and how he's trying to get it. And it just makes me, you know, it makes me get that hunger. It's still alive, you know? What's one of the biggest difference, like you said, this is a decade for you. Yeah. What's some of the biggest difference that you can, that you can share with us from when you got into the league compared to where it is right now?


Man, when I first got into the league, you know, I, I, I was in the PAC 12, so I was, you know, it was Mariota, it was, you know, Arizona State. It was all these crazy teams that were running tempo offense. They were running flashers this way, you know, motions, crazy motions, read options and stuff like that. When I got to the pros, you know, and I, and I was seeing lead weak in power and stutter and things like that, I was kind of like, man, this is a lot more simple than when I was in college. Right. And I would say that, and everyone's like, oh no. Like, you know, NFL rules over college. But now, you know, those college offenses are definitely coming more and more and guys are drawing things up in the sand. And, you know, you have different athletes that are able to do it. You know, we see Tyreek, you know, running across the field on a motion pre-snap, and then running a, you know, a 18 yard dagger across the field.


And it's like, that's never been done before. So it's cool to see, you know, the game evolve, you know, but you still have that classic essence of, you know, sometimes you have to be run smash mouth football. So it's still cool, man. You think, is there any added pressure, one of the first thing you said football is different once you got here. Do you feel any added pressure now that you had that star on your helmet? Nah, I, I came here for that reason, you know what I mean? I feel like I wanted to be somewhere where football was, you know, was lit. And I, and I, and I wanted, I wanted that pressure on me. Especially, you know, at this point in my career, it's like, you know, what, what am I waiting for? You know? This is what I, you know, spent my whole time working for her. You know, I want, I want to have the pressure. I wanna have the green dot. I wanna be in the middle of the defense.


I wanna be running zips defense, I wanna be blitzed, I wanna be running, tackling, hitting interceptions, touchdowns, everything. You know what I mean? Yeah. And it's like, that's why I came here. Right. Over your decade, you've gone against a lot of, a lot of great running backs. So who, who posed the most problems for you? What, what running back gave you the most problem? Me personally, you know, I'm, I'm two 30, you know, 2 35, you know, at beginning, at the beginning of my career, you know, I'm two 30, now 2 25, you know, so it's like Chris Carson, you know, I know he don't get a lot of praise Seahawks, man. I know he doesn't get a lot of praise. And people always ask me who was the toughest person to tackle, but he would literally see someone coming at him.


And it doesn't matter if it was a one yard game or it was a 15 yard game, and he would run straight into that, into that dude. Like, And no trying to shake him, no nothing. Like, There was times where he would just be like, I'm the Punisher. You know what I mean? And it's like, as a running back when you're not getting any yards and you're running that hard, like, I would see all over film too. And I'm like, damn. Like, you know, that's, that's tough, man. And you know, he had some good games against us. We had a lot of battles with the Seahawks, so maybe that's why I feel that way. But, you know, I faced a lot of good running backs too. How difficult is it, you're coming into the Cowboys, this is your first year here, and they've had, obviously they got a lot of talented veteran players here, but how hard is it for, is it hard for you to, like, I know this defense, I'm familiar with this defense and be in a, in a leadership position and try not to step on anybody's toes, but make sure you like, these guys know what they need to know.


No, that's a good question because I feel like last year with the Chargers, you know, I came in and it was the same kind of thing. We had a lot of good leaders, a lot of great players. And you know, I came into that defense and I kind of was like, you know what? I'm the new guy here. This is my first time in free agency. I was like, I'm not trying to step on any toes, you know, I'm gonna do my job. I'm gonna be good role, go role player, role, you know, role model, do do everything. Right. You know. But this year I feel like it's a little bit different, you know? I feel like, you know, I, I maybe was a little bit too reserved last year. Okay. It's like, okay, maybe I need to step up a little bit more, but at the same time, like, I don't wanna be something, I'm not either, I don't want it to force it. I don't want, you know, I want it to be authentic, you know, I wanna say what I need to say at the same time, but, you know, I want, I want people to know how serious I am about this, just by how I approach it.


Rachel, I done ran outta questions. I got a question for you two. What kind of cars do you guys drive? Huh? Me? What kind of cars? You, what kind of car you driving on daily and then what kind of old school? Like Okay. For my daily, I still have now a 2008 smart car. Okay. That's terrible. It is Matt Black. Okay. No, I've been driving once than 2004. I'm on my fifth one. Nice. Good on gas. $13 to fill up. I can park anywhere. It's efficient. My, my, that's my everyday car. I, when it's time to go train, I have a Suburban. Okay. And that's it. No Old school? No. That's at an expense. Oh, hell no. Why? I wanted, I want a old school. There's some old, you know, some old schools appreciate though.


Oh, that's an added expense. It's an expense. No, your maintenance. But some, some of them appreciate past the expense. Yeah. It's okay. We'll talk about that later. I, I got A-A-B-M-W seven 60 and I got a One the, with the screens in the back and everything. Yeah. No, no, no. Not that. That's the new models. I got the old models. I got one, but I'm getting one of those though. Yeah. I got the electric one coming and I got a, a range that I've had since 2012. I don't see a need to upgrade. And I, and I got a challenger. Okay. The Black Ghost, the last year they came out with the, 'cause they come out with electric now. So that's what I drive. You drive old school, huh? I have a old school. What You got Kuda?


No, it's, my version of old school is nineties. So like, Okay. What you got a box sha? I got a, I got a 93 Mustang lx. Okay. The Fox Body. Okay. That's my version. I got a 95 Viper, which was my grandpa's. Okay. But yeah, the Viper, I got a lot of nineties cars with The Viper. With the Viper. I think the Viper came out in the early nineties. That Was, it was the first gen. It was like completely sketchy. It was terrifying. Everyone tells me to be careful when they see me driving it. Yeah. But it's cool. You, It's cool. You a car Guy? I'm a car guy. Yeah. So what, what else do you, I mean, you like cars do, do you collect anything? I collect cars. I don't know, I feel like I've always been a little bit of a collector at heart, but, you know, I feel like most of the time it's just cars. Like, I, I, I found myself like trying to work on 'em in the off season, you know, having mentors in the space that, you know, have been teaching me, you know, I was sweeping up a shop at one time in the off season.


Just, just keeping my mind stimulated. Are you A collector or are you a hoarder? I'm a collector. Okay. So You mean like a collector, like, like a Rick Ross? Like Jay Leno, type Noor? No, no, no, no. I'm not on that level. But I do, I did see Jay Leno the other day when I was driving my, yeah, my car. It was in the off season. He was driving his, his, what was it? It was a old Hudson. It was like banana, yellow. It was cool. Gave him a little honk, you know, it was cool. That's Dope. That's dope. So you didn't get rid of that smart car though? Yeah. You Got nah, get rid of it. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here. I'm here. You can talk to me about, about financial security. Okay. Yeah. I'm just saying there's some cars where you could buy and it's kind of like you can't or You just can't, you don't have to buy 'em at all.


You don't, But It's like, you could look at it and Google, But how much time do you spend in the vehicle? A lot. A lot of time? No. Why, why not enjoy what you drive? No, I can, I enjoyed my smart car. That's why I've had it since 2004 to Each his own man. You're in this, you play with the Cowboys, the division rival, the Giants, Washington football team, the Eagles. Eagles. Do you get the sense of what playing in this division for this team, what it means to be in this division and play those teams? No, not yet. I'm excited about it. You know, I, I hear it, you know, I hear the mumbling. I know kind of from just watching it and things like that, but I can't wait to like, you know, be in Philly and feel that, you know, and Like feel the hatred.


Yeah. Like That's, it's a part of it, you know, Because in Green Bay, who, who was your biggest, was it the Packers or the Bears? It Was, it was the Packers, I would say for sure. And, we had, I feel like we had some stints with the, with the, with the Saints as well. You know, we had a couple times when we were going back and forth. Right. You know, we came out on top of my opinion, but, you know, that's for another day. Go ahead Joe. You got any more questions or you At I ran out, I ran out two questions ago. Okay. Tell us about the hair product. You got a hair product? I do have a hair product. You got hair products? I do. Oh shit. I got a Curl, curl. Shit, don't worry about it. You can't, no samples doesn't, you don't need no samples. No, I'm Saying, but right now, this product might make my hair grow. I thought you, your hair could grow. You've been telling everybody your hair could grow. It is curly just like that Up under the scalp?


No, just the Miami that the heat, the humid, the humidity in the heat. It may come out curly. Like, that's why I just cut it. Oh, okay. Man. I've been working on it for four years. I'm, I'm like, I like where it's at now. You know, I was working on the product at first, you know. So you developed it from Scratch stars? Yeah. Wow. With a chemist. Okay. So it's like, you know, I, I'm an athlete. I sweat a lot, you know, I, I, I'm getting up in the morning. I want to go, you know, I wanna be quick on my routine, throw some stuff in my hair, you know, it holds well, it feels good. I can comb it through, but also like, it won't burn my eyes when I'm sweating with my helmet on. Right. It's like big for me. So I've really built it for myself. But, you know, others like me who are in a rush, but, you know, I've been working on it for four years. Bumps and bumps along the way. You know, labels, jars.


Right. I'm finally in a place, you know where I like it now. Okay. I'm on my second Instagram, so, So it's available for sale? It's available for sale now. Okay. It's like, it's, it's lit now. So it's like, I'm, I'm still in that phase where I'm like, you know, selling out of the truck of my car. Right. I'm not really selling it, but if I see somebody with curly hair and I have my car on me, I, I pop the trunk and give him, give him a jar. Have You tried to, have you tried to get it in retail? Do you try to get it in like CVS or Costco or Something? Yeah, so, you know, I wanted to work out, you know, as much as I can on my side of things and get it ready to go before I, I went that route. But it is ready when I, when I'm ready for that, you know. And I, and I, and I definitely, you know, I had a good mentor in the space. I had a couple good mentors in the space who worked for, you know, some big companies and they're, they're, they're, they helped me, you know, lead to some bottles that I got.


So, you know, I definitely, you know, when I need help, I'll definitely ask the people who know more than me. And like I said, you know, I like to stay mentally stimulated in the off season and things like that. So I don't have enough time to do it in the season. But it's definitely been something I've been working on. Now I got a question. Go Ahead. Outside of Football, it's called switch lanes. I love cars, you know what I mean? I was like, you know, do something different. Try a new hair product, switch lanes, you know. That's what I want to ask now. Cars, outside of cars obviously. And outside of playing football, what other hobbies do you have? Like, like a true passion, like for me, cigars, passion, soccer, passion, Video games, passion, lying.


Passion. I don't, just lying. Oh my bad. No, that's not a passion of Yours. But, but those three, that's my, my Three is would driving be the same thing or would driving be a little bit separate? Well, oh, you like to go on the track and drive or? I, I do. I, I'll do any type of driving. So I like cross country. I like to go up in the, in in the hills, you know, I like to go Oh, You like offroading on the Coast. I've been offroading. I love Offroading. Oh man. I like to drive and it's like, for me it's like I'm not gonna go out there and really go camping and you know, get rough and you know. Right. I'm not that kind of guy. I enjoy it, I appreciate, I respect it. But my type of like getting in touch with nature is like going out a drive, like an hour and a half into the, into the mountains, getting outta my car. Right. You know, with a couple friends and just, you know, enjoying enjoying it.


That's live. You, you married? I am married. Okay. Okay. I just put my son to bed. But right before I came here, for real, you know, jumped in the shower, put some of my curl cream in there. Appreciate it. Thank you for Coming, for coming out man. It worked out well. Cowboys linebacker. Eric Kendrick. Appreciate y'all. Welcome luck. Stay helping man. Sir, Tell Jerry call me


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go. Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It always feels so good to Get back to it, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the day. Make it.


Alright Bubu. Hey it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from With new game releases each week, play for free anytime anywhere. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy you won't be disappointed.


Alright guys, now it's time for my favorite segment of the night. Roast marks is a game changer in the bedroom. It's a fast acting ed treatment that dissolves under your tongue and getting you hard and 15 minutes on average and last 36 hours. So when that mood hit you be ready. And just for attending, RO is offering an exclusive 30, $30 off the first order, which can get by scanning the QR code at the back. Right back there. Y'all see it? Ro wants to help couples have great sex and sometimes that means using Rose Sparks. But other times it means asking your partners the right question. Which exactly, which is exactly what we're about to do in that little game is called Sex.


or next, Do me a favor, y'all gave me, right? We all grown. I know I play around a lot, but I'm saying we all grown, right? So in this next segment I'm gonna need y'all to do me a favor. Remember that we are grown. Don't be shy up there, don't be shy. I need your help. 'cause any ideas y'all might have, I can take these home and use please. Thank you. Yeah. So ladies, don't you and I want to know what do you do to turn your man on?


So if you so have some sexy, have some sexy ideas, step up to the mics. We have 'em down here and up top. Step up to the mic and we're gonna grade those and we'll say Sex or next. So ladies, come on down, line up at the mic. Any ideas, Any ideas I could take home and use please? Thank you Atlanta and Houston was off the chain. Dallas, we need y'all to close the side with a bang. So come on. Who got, who's up Now? Everybody's shy. Oh shit. Yes you got Uhuh. She got one. Hold up. You, you coming up? Ah yeah. Oh I thought you were going to the bathroom. No, No, no. She coming up. Come on. Oh, we got you. Hey. Yeah. What is good?


No, that sometimes simple is the best. Sometimes simple is the best ain't it? Praise God. Praise God. You can talk. Don't be shy. Come on girl. Hey, how you doing? Okay, we gonna turn. Don't look at her. Don't stare at, don't look at her. Go ahead. They can't hear you. They can't hear you. Wait, you gotta talk louder. You gotta talk a little louder. Yeah, take I, Okay.


Oh there we go. Something that I like to do, I like to do 69 with anal beads. Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. 69 With anal beads. She simple. Come On. You like, you like doing what? You can't get right there and stop. Wait, you like doing who? 69 with anal Bes. 69. That's like Six nine with anal beads. Wait, with the beads too? Yeah. What that? I ain't never heard of that. I ain't either. Well Come on, keep on, keep on it provides It like that in Dallas fellas. Y'all It Provides the, the sensation for the woman.


So it's like a And the finger of course. So the double penetration, it makes the woman real juicy and it makes her salivate and makes everything very sloppy. I got, I got where I get the bees from What size bees I get Like hey use some of real pearls. So So you get the bees 69, it has to be in that position. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And flip it gets, gets you going down there, huh? Yes. And then you salivate 'cause you're like drooling. Oh you salivate. Yeah.


I like, I like that, I like that. I like that. I I like that. I ain't never heard that. I ain't never heard that. And I'm, I'm 56. I ain't never had that. Damn. Yeah, we that's a sex. That's definitely sex. That's a sex. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Sex you got, you got what? A band. You got Something better than that? I Dunno. Well come on. I wanna hear what you got, but that was a good one. You married so I know you Well, I'm engaged. Okay. You you got it. You know I don't know about y'all but I have a 2-year-old so I can't get freaky off time. I Can get freaky. Okay. You know me and daddy. Okay. Okay Daddy. You know like tonight, Okay, okay. Okay.


As we drive home, you know daddy gonna get the dome Right Way home. The dome On the way home. Right. Wait while he driving? Why he driving? Wait, that's dangerous. No It ain't. You ain't a pro if you ain't did it like that yet. Okay. How you all in the road? Because you all in the road straight. Hold two hands. Daddy. Make sure I get home safe because when we get home, right? Yeah. We got the toys laid out. What? Wait, how many toys you Got? We got a lot. He can put me like This. Right. Okay. We got the collar, we got the gag ball. Wait, you be on the leash. I'm gonna be submissive to my man.


Damn. Okay. I need to talk to you. How the hell you pulled that off? Where you, where you, you from? You from Dallas? Huh? I can't even get her to listen to me. I mean Well and she just a, I mean, where you get, where you get the caller from? I wanna do the caller. I'm just, I'm just trying to figure out, we Got the meet and greet. So we, we gonna talk to you. Yeah bro. I just want to know how did you know she possessed all these characteristics? Oh, you feel, Oh, that's the problem.


I can't even get past the first layer. God, ight, they freak it down here in Dallas. Uhuh. That's a good one. I'm from California. Los Angeles. What's Up girl? Where you from? Hold on. Where you from? I'm from Los Angeles, California. Oh Wait, how you, how you got all like this? How you got all the way here? I went to Texas Southern University. What's up Texas Southern. Okay. I just left, I just left LA after eight years. But they ain't none that happened. What happened? That's a definitely sex Daddy. Whatever Daddy want Daddy get. Oh yeah. Just like that. Just like that. You, you don't, you don't be talking back or nothing. Oh, I talk back but daddy put me in place.


Sex. That's sex. Sex. That's sex. I Got a real nigga. So You got it bro. Hey, hold on. Hey, send me the instructions in my Instagrams. The, the, The, the, the the what she talking about Keep 'em on them. You got, he got the bands. You got the bands. Ash. What are bands? So how are we gonna get Hey, 69. Right? Real. We'll have to get You heard of huh? Huh? We gotta get some bees. I don't know what size but we can get some bees. Rel say no. Y'all beeping.


Y'all what? Re say? Nah, we gonna try that. I'll play with the bees with myself and let you watch. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright. Okay. You coming to Oh, come on, come on. I'm, I'm coming up. Alright. So you know my, my husband and I we're, we're tired a lot. We work, we've been selling a house and buying a house. We volunteer. He coaches for football and basketball. All of this. Sometimes this is not enough time, but I tell you I will be able to get my husband's dick on demand if y'all will sign his rookie cards.


How? Oh, How does that, how does that get him and oh that's gonna get him in the movies. We signed the car. That's dope. I mean forever after it's on you. What you think. Think that's a next It's a next. Yeah, it's a next, next, next, next. Oh come on, come on. Oh yeah. Is this the Cocktail? This? Yeah, come on. Oh, Cocktail. Oh they, oh they got a cocktail dressing. They got a cocktail dresser out here. You can go ahead. You can do, okay. What's your name ma'am? Tina, are you listening? Tina. Tina. Okay. Tina. Yes. So the trick is use Ames toothpaste all on, all On. Wait. Who?


Who? See Yeah, y'all were laughing at me without brushing my teeth 10 times a day. Now look at you now look at you. Wait, it has to be Ames. Ames to Ames have to be aim. Okay. Okay. Ames. Ames heats up everything. Okay. Ames heats up everything. Okay. Okay. Caleb about daddy some Ames up for the night. Then you take a ice cube and put it in your mouth and put it on top of it. Right. And it stays only Michael roll it mic. You gotta hold that and it put The ice cube in your mouth. Okay. And it cools things for him and keeps it long and hard and all that good stuff. Ooh. So just the Ames toothpaste, toothpaste going all up and down. Right.


And then put the ice cube in your mouth. Well I'm done. Well you, You heard that about the Ames and the Ice Cube. She said, she said you take Ames toothpaste and only Ames work because of the heating sensation. Right. So you put a little bit of that on Little Dab do you? Yeah. Right. And she said Ice cube, ice cubes from the gas station. Yeah. It ain't gotta be from the gas station. It could be from, we Gotta be small enough. 'cause if they come out there, if come outta the refrigerator, Am I supposed to do it or are you supposed to do it? Ooh nah, this is the women, the women are telling you what to do. Yeah. The women. Yeah, this are all, these are all women. That's A good one. Oh, she got little black cocktail. She just like Jessica Rabbit.


I know she about to tell some good shit. Yeah, the Cooch cocktail. Oh you know who that is? Who from Atlanta Coochie Cocktail. Hey, Hey Coochie Cocktail. Hey Boo. How are you? Yeah, I follow you. I follow you too. I was like this is nice. I like this Bad Coochie cocktail came on with it. Come on Coochie cocktail. Tell me what it's take notes. Take notes. I flow. I flew, I flew two hours because I was, I don't know, I'm a little nervous tonight y'all, I've never been to Dallas before so I'm a little nervous. I ain't gonna lie to y'all, but y'all, y'all fool kind of good. So I ain't mad I come back. Okay. So my, I guess my sex her next is, so she said a comment.


She was like, you know, daddy put me in my place. So I'm not gonna lie, giving head is an apology in my household. Wow. Wait, it's an apology Because I have to apologize a lot 'cause I got a real bad mouth. Oh, I like that. I talk a lot of shit. I gotta apologize a lot. So I wait cocktail. Wait, wait, wait. I, I talk a lot of shit too. But, but I received, I received the head. That's it. I like that Damn Joe. Yeah. See So, so because, because I have to suck dick a lot 'cause I do talk a lot of shit.


I had to come, I had to become creative with my dick sucking skills. Wow. So I don't know if you guys know about sensory deprivation. No. So it's basically, I only use this trick if I'm really in trouble. Okay. So I get 'em in the morning time. 'cause y'all know how the no morning time be. Yeah. Yeah. That may nothing like that. Morning wood. Come on. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Time out, time out. Time out. Time Out. Exactly. I, I'm, I'm, I'm a, I'm a visual learner. Is your partner here with you? He is, but it's not the morning time. Oh, okay. You right, you right. Go ahead. Okay. So what you do, so what you do, okay, come on. So I wake him up and I don't know if I, I use some air pods or something and I type in wet mouth sounds Okay.


And then I cover his eyes. Okay. You know, so he can't hear, he can't see. And while I'm giving him head, all he hear is the wet mouth sounds while I'm going down on him. And I do give a tantrum massage. So sometimes I don't even have to put it in my mouth. I can just massage the tip. Oh. Hello. I've been shortchange for a lot of years. Then how the hell Talk to Me? I'm 56 and all this stuff that I'm here for the birth. I think, you know what, like technology. Yeah. The women have evolved. Did I have, That's what it Is because wasn't none of this going on when I was school. I ain't Never heard of Dan. I ain't never heard no 69 and beads.


I ain't, I'm still on that one. I'm just trying, I mean I can just imagine I'm sleep and all I hear is Exactly. That's crazy. So I'm thinking is that, am I dreaming right? Right. Is That me? Right. Because you can't hear it. So all you hear is just a Right. And then if you really want him to come, just massage the tip like this and then it's a it's a win. Bam. Thank you ma'am. And now I'm forgiven. I mean she young. Are you taking notes? Sex Coach God tell if you don't mind me asking, how old are you?


I'm 27. I Need to find me a 27-year-old. I, I I, I'm, I'm, I'm shopping in the wrong, I'm sharp in the wrong aisle. So thank you. Thank you. And thank you. Yeah. Coochie cocktails. I like, I I like, I like that. I like that. Thank you. Thank you. I like that fella. I know. I ain't the only one. I know. I ain't been that shelter now. Come on. Oh Joe, you know about all this. I ain't never heard none of this. I'm still stuck on 69 with the beads. So I'm trying to figure out where the beads go. What you mean where the beads go? Yeah, Where the beads go? Did the, not mine? No. Yeah, Hers. Oh, and hers? Yes. Okay, okay, okay.


Yeah. Okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. I like that. This is amazing. I never we got anybody else. We, anybody else? We got a micro George. We got a microphone Upstairs. We got anybody else? Nobody. Yeah. We got, see, we got got a spotlight on you. Oh. We got Somebody that want to come up. Come on ladies. I mean y'all up Upstairs. Come on. Give us some action. They shy and everybody, everybody taking up. They're really, it's all couples. Yeah, they, yeah, they, this, this, all this. A couple, this a couple section right here in the middle. Okay. And then you sit right Y'all a couple. Hey you got something to say? Come on. Hey ab, you got a man, so I know your ass up to say They look, they, they been married about 30 years.


Boss. Man, you with the white shirt? How long y'all been married? Yeah, you right now. You, you looking, we talking to you bro. Right there on the second. On the, on on the second tier. Yeah. Your Wife got the green on? No. Yeah you Nine Years now I wanna talk about you. I'm okay right here below the first row. How long y'all been married? Boss man. Huh? 20 years. They got time in. What'd that mean? They just got time in. Okay. That's a new one. Yeah. I ain't never heard that either.


Come on. I know we need one more. We need one more. More. Oh, he pointing at you. I don't know if you know he pointing at you. The one that digging in. No, you looking back. He was pointing at you. Somebody standing up. Come on ladies. Dallas is shy. Listen what they did, what they did give us, they gave us some good Stuff. They got unbelievable stuff. Ojo. That's some good stuff. 'cause it, the funny thing about, it's stuff I've never done and never heard of And the best part about this, this show recorded. So I'm gonna have the playback right? You gotta put this on your resume. Can you do this?


Yeah. Got to. So I need, I'm in the wrong, I'm in the wrong demo. I need to be 27 to 32. Well, you can find that out here in the crowd. Anybody single? That's 27. There you go. Right there. Huh? She single. You said what's 25? What's wrong with 25? I I'm a lot of, I'm a lot of man. I'm a lot of man. For any woman, a letter of 25 A Oh, hey. No, but really you need to be two something to do something. You know what I'm saying?


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm a role sponsor. Do you want hotter, more spontaneous sex? Rose Sparks can help Sparks offer dual action prescription treatment that's given men stronger and harder. Erections. Rose Sparks works faster than other treatments because they're dissolved under the tongue and go directly to the bloodstream. Why does that matter? Because now when the mood is right, he'll be ready. No more waiting for that pill to kick in. Plus Rose Spark stays active in your system for up to 36 hours. But when you get aroused, hey, who you get hard without waiting. With role Sparks, guys can get more confidence in bed, more satisfaction for their partners and more control when it's sexy time.


RO connects guys with a medical provider, a hundred percent online, no awkward conversation with an in-person. Doctor, if approved treatment shifts directly to the door to find out if prescription for Ro Sparks are right for you, connect with a provider at ro.co/nightcap url. That's ro.co/nightcap. Or we got, hey, what we got now Let's do one Q and a couple of Q and As. Q and a. Yeah. Alright, we're gonna do a couple of Q and As. Whatever question you wanna step to the mic, ask a question, Ocho and I got you covered. Whoever Wanna ask a question?


Step to the mic. Top or bottom? Top? We got one coming. We got one coming. I know y'all Won't be shy now you can ask whatever you want to ask. Alright. Hey, good evening Unc. Good evening bro. How you doing? What's your name? Steven Coakley. Okay. On one of your reads on Nightcap, you talk about a car that you had to give up. What type of car was that? What car did I had to give up? Yeah. You remember it was one of your reads on Nightcap? Yeah. And you tried to buy it back from the guy? Oh, oh yeah. I had the, I had the first year that they came out with the, no, I had a, a Hellcat, the first edition Hellcat that came out and I sold it and then I had Remo.


I had like, man, bro, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to sell you this car, I wanna buy it back. So I offered him 5,000 more than he gave. But he wouldn't sell it, he wouldn't sell it back to me. So. Gotcha. Alright. I got one, one comment for Chad Chad. I'm originally from Nassau Bahamas, so hold on. Wait, wait, wait. From Nassau. Hold on, hold on. Hold on. One family roots. No, I'm Saxons of Valley. I'm talking gonna tell you Chad. Hey for the rush up for you and rel wi after y'all start beefing Saxons in your belly. Boy don't. Yes sir. Not the volley boy. Saxons. Okay, I got you. It's a pleasure. Alright. It's pleasure. Hey man, be blessed man. Appreciate it man. Thank you for coming out. Come on down bro.


Hold on. I'm right here. Right here. This one's for Chad? Yes sir. Did you have Dr. Laderman when you was at Langston? Did I have who? Dr. Laman. Oh man, I'm trying to think. Ocho was there for two weeks. Nah, he didn't get the class. You, you was at Langston too? Yeah. I actually bought both of y'all a gift. I got you a watch winder. 'cause I know you like watches. Good, good. Looking at And I got you a jacket signed for by Jay Bowling. Okay. Okay. And the president, I told the president I was coming here. Yes sir. She is trying to get you and Unc to come do y'all podcast during homecoming. We want to put you in the ring. Honor. At the, at the Lou? Yes sir.


Oh man. Okay. She told me. Okay. She told me if I get close to you to call of FaceTime, she wants to put you in a ring honor. Okay. I like that. I like that. Oh Joe, How you gonna get in the ring of honor? You were there for two weeks. Nah, nah, but listen. Hey. No, I though, here's the story now. 'cause I'm from Boley. Where Dr. Holloway's from? Yeah. Dr. Ernest Holloway. So Somebody, Chad had a roommate. Chad had a hundred dollars and the dude broke into his room, stole his money. He asked him where his money was and he had to touch him up. Yeah, but he didn't break. That was his room too. Ocho how you gonna break into your Room too? Yeah, if, if he didn't break into it, he stole his money. He stole my money and that. That's all I had. You can't prove that He the only one that had access in the room. Yeah. So The rooms was as big as that couch.


He's the only one that could Have stolen it. That's it. And so you lumped the man up over a hundred dollars. We Had to fight. I don't play by my money now. And here's something you didn't know. So, 'cause we asked Dr. Holloway about it. 'cause we in, he's in my frat. He didn't really decide it was Dr. Jones that decided for you to go home. Oh They, that's who tell me it was Albert. Well I gotta find him. I gotta find him. Appreciate you bro. Thank You boss. Up top. Alright, I got a question for ocho. What that, how many McDonald's points do you have? How Many? How many McDonald points do you have? Oh that, hold on, I'm gonna tell you right now.


Hold on. Ah, I'm only at 2 million. 2 million. 2 million And some change. Not that much. That's cap. That's cap. That's cap. That's gotta be cap. Nah, that ain't cap. I'm just telling you about two minutes some change. Alright. Alright. All right. Down here. Who's better? Jalen Ramsey or Taylor Diggs. Trayvon Digs or Jalen Ramsey. Yeah, they have very different Styles. Very different. Thank You. Diggs is more of a clue.


Yeah. And going to jump. He gonna take chances. He gonna take chances. Most of the time when you take a chance, it's going the other way too. Yeah. Yeah. I think Ramsey probably is a more complete, because he's a better tackler. He's a more willing tackler. I think both are outstanding. It's gonna be interesting to see how digs bounce back off that ACL. He's gonna have to get confidence that he can drive with that knee. But he was off to an unbelievable start. He was a wide receiver. So if you throw in his area, he get his hands on the ball, he gonna come down with it. He's gonna come down with it. That's a very good question. Appreciate you my man. No problem. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global.


When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults.


You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu. It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on Hitting high gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back To Business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day needs today. Back the day. Make it alright.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown. Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer fit. Cut Bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoke some of real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good.


So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. Best visit myrtle beach.com. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv.


Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. Hey, this is a question is to ocha. So if you can never have McDonald's ever again in your life, what other fast food restaurant would you eat if I couldn't have McDonald's ever again?


Yep. Ooh, that's a good one. That's a good one. What's your, what's your other, what's your other go-to Matter of fact do do they have Poeo tropical out here in Dallas or no? Oh no, no. What the hell? That's not, that's not considered fast food. Oh my bad. Appreciate you. My bad. Go ahead bro. Fuck all these stupid questions, Shannon. Yes. How did you feel for real when Skip Bailey show got Canceled? How did, how did I feel? For real? For Real? For Real. From The heart. From the heart.


I'll be 100% honest. I didn't want Skip's show to get canceled just because he and I can't eat off the same plate. That doesn't mean I don't wanna see him eat. I think the thing is, the misconception was, and this is what I tell people and I've told people in private, and I'll say this publicly, skip gave me the opportunity. I felt what he did. It wasn't what he said it was who said it? It's like Ocho and I, there are certain things I know that I would shouldn't cross with Ocho. Ocho knows there's certain things that we shouldn't cross with each other. We can joke. Yeah, we joke, we go back and forth. But I didn't want his show to get canceled. He gave me an opportunity. I would love to see him go on.


I just realized at that moment he and I was never gonna be able to off the same plate again. That's it. Real talk. That's What's up. Hey, first off, I wanna thank you guys for coming out Dallas and Native. Hey, wanna appreciate you guys do inspire us. My question is for Unc. Hey man, will you ever get Leo on the show, man to Relive that story? That Is one of the funniest stories, man. I promise. Will he ever come on to the show? That Was alright. Appreciate it bro. We go, I'm gonna try to find Leo. Maybe we go back to Savannah State homecoming and he, we get Leo to come down. Come on. Ocho. Ocho What up? What Do you think?


Jamar's? Being a little selfish. Should he let t No. No. Hell no. Right? Should, should he let T get paid first to keep both of them? Nah, he need his money based on what he's done this far. Listen, money. He's tight. Listen, he's top five receiving the league. Right? And I mean, top two, listen, I mean no disrespect when I say this based on the words I'm using, but I'm just saying that for context, based on the receivers that are making 30 million plus Jamar, chase is getting minimum wage. I think what one, 1 million this year base salary is 1.5. Probably 1.5. And everybody else, including something that he's better than is I think a deal will get done before week one. And I think it'll be fine because he, he's significantly underpaid, man.


Alright, I love you Ocho. Appreciate it. Come on bro. This for Unc. What you really think about Tony Gonzalez. What I think about Gonzo? Yes sir. The thing like Gonzo and I, he was in the league. I was in the league a little bit before Gonzo, but Gonzo and I used to hang out when we were at the Super Bowl, we used to have the same management company. So we did a lot of things together. I'm not a, I'm not a a a a envious or a jealous person. Somebody breaks my record. I broke somebody's record. So I ain't got nothing but love for, like I said, he and I are good friends.


Now are we and my friends like someone else? No, but we would hang out together. We would go eat together. We did things together. I ain't got no, I never had a problem with Gonzo. Antonio Gates is another good friend of mine. He's much younger than I am than, than Gonzo and I, but the guys have always shown me love. That's the thing I can honestly say about all the tight ends. They've always shown me love. Be it Gonzo, be it a gates, be it Kelsey Gronk, all of the tight ends that Greg Olson, they've always showed me the utmost respect. So I got nothing but love for my tight end brother. I, I remember when you were on FS one and he came and you were shitting all over him. Nah, nah, but nah.


But I, I ain't, I ain't, I'm glad I ain't finna let you poo poo my accomplishments. Now I got love for you, but we know what it is. You are Going at 'em so hard. I'm laughing. But that's what we do. I'm laughing. But that's what we do. Appreciate you bro. Respect. Come on. All right. Chad and Unc, right? Yes. Dallas. I'm gonna need y'all support on this. Right. So they were telling us that we couldn't really give you, come On, you gotta get to the mic baby, so we can hear you. They Were telling us that we couldn't really gift you guys, but we got y'all 84, 85 People. Hold on. We got, well we got gifts. What Y'all, what y'all think we Got gifts? I appreciate that. But ain't nobody gave me nothing in 77 years. D dc The jeweler from Dallas really put down, put it down for you guys.


He's our private jeweler at I appreciate that. I need y'all, I need y'all to put that on. He really, he his Sign this On. I Lost four. You Did? I did. You did. No, I didn't lose it. Somebody, Somebody. But we replaced it. We replaced it for you guys. Sorry baby Chad help Unc help Unc. Put that thing down. Come on now. I Stopped. Pull it right here. Pull the tab, pull it, pull it. Yeah, pull it behind. There you go.


7-year-old help you boy out. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you sis. I appreciate it. Who else? Who else boss Man. Man, thank you. Seriously. Seriously. So what you think about it? Chad? Come on now. Y'all gotta give us some feedback on that, man. We took time. When you see me wearing it everywhere I go, you gonna know exactly how I feel about it. You heard me? Come on Dallas. Thank you. Let's go. I re I got jury, but wait, well wait what you think? Come on now. Oh, I what? I think What you Think. I think it's unbelievable. Hey, I like this. Thank you. I really appreciate it. Thank You. That's awesome. Come on. We got a few more. I don't know if we gonna be able to get to everybody, but come on bro.


Okay. Oh my bad. Up top. Up top up top. Hey, how y'all doing? We're Good. I might stop. I'm gonna switch gears. I'm just asking like, what would be your advice to a father, a young father, me coming from y'all on how to be better as a father to their son. Like, like just improvement. I'm there for my son, but like I always think about every day. What can I do better to make sure I raise him the best I can Be in his life? Okay. Be his, be his father. You don't have to be his best friend. Okay? Because y'all dynamic, y'all dynamic will ever change. You'll always be his dad. He'll always be your son. Okay? How, how old Is your son sometimes best friends, my son, He's six.


He about to be seven in March. Okay. Next year. Best friends. Sometimes the relationship part, you go your way. Y'all don't talk. That relationship that you have with your son, you being the father, he be and the son won't ever change. Okay? Just be the best man that you can be. Just try to be better today than you were yesterday and try to be better tomorrow than you were today. Okay? Thank You. I'm gonna go far with That. And your son, your son will respect that because kids see what their parents do. I tell, I I see better than I hear. I hear what you tell me, but he see what you does. Okay? Thank you. Alright, I got a question for you, Shannon. What does it take to become a great sports analyst like yourself?


G get getting to the mic. What does it take to be a great sports analyst like yourself? Work. You have to become selfish. You have to become obsessed. You have to give up a lot. People, everybody says, okay, I wanna get into the sports industry, the sports business. But when does sports come on? They don't just come on Mondays. They don't just come on Tuesdays. They come on on the weekends. What do people like to do on the weekends? But if you wanna be great at this, you got to watch. You've got to study. You see, everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.


The Bible says you can't enter there without, without going through that process. You want to be great. People wanna be great at a driven craft, but don't wanna put the time or the effort in to be great at it. And then get mad when it doesn't work out. Don't be mad for the results that you didn't get for the work you didn't put in. It is no secret, only in the dictionary. Does success come before work? That's the only place you'll see that. I understand. I'm selfish. Probably why I'm still alone at 56. Probably should have got married a lot earlier. But I was so obsessed with being, getting my grandmother and my family out of the environment.


Unless you grew up like I grew up. Imagine a thousand square foot cinder block cement floors where you gotta spray you. You, you, you've seen a mechanic shop where they have to spray water on the floor to keep the dust down. Mm. That's how I grew up with no indoor plumbing, no running water. You think I wanted to live like that for the rest of my life. You think I wanted my kids. I didn't want my kids to have one hour in a day like I had, let alone a lifetime. And I neglected and I sacrificed a lot of people. And when I told my kids, I'm not here to apologize for that 'cause I got you to a place that you never would've gotten without it. You are starting at third base when your daddy started in the stands.


I didn't even have a bat to go to the, the plate hit. What are you willing to sacrifice? You see, people will always write down their goals in the left column. How many times people write down their, what they're willing to sacrifice in the right column. What are you willing to sacrifice to be the great sports Allens that you asked me about? What are you willing to give up? What are you willing to go without? Only then when I train, when I work out, train, if you don't ask yourself when is this over? How much longer? Why am I doing this?


Where do I go from here? Why are you doing it? Why are you doing it? That's, that's it. If you want to be great at something, you gotta sacrifice something. You don't catch a lion without sacrificing a goat. So what are you willing to sacrifice to get to what you want? Thank you. So there's a question for, don't wanna mess it up. Ojo was a larger than life personality when he was planned. Everyone either loved him or hating him. What was the moment that made you decide that you wanted to link up for the podcast?


You asking me Ojo o Asking you, You asking me what, what, what did I wanted to get him? When did you decide like, oh, I want Ocho for This s Oh, Jamie Horowitz, who was my former boss at FS one, he hired me at FS one. He brought me along with Skip When I signed with the Volume. And I was like, we had Club Shehe, but I knew I needed to do something more than once a week. Club Shehe is an interview conversation, but it was only once a week. And. we wanted to do something that we did a couple times a week. In the original format that Jamie and I discussed, it was only gonna be 15, 20 minutes.


We gonna talk about the Sunday night game and maybe one other important game that Sunday. And then, you know, we do Monday, we do Thursday. And so when we, he was asking me about it and I was like, Ocho, he's like, who? I said Ocho. He says, why Ocho? I said, because he has a personality. He doesn't take himself too serious and he can bou I can bounce things off him, he can bounce things off me. I said, because I think the thing is sometimes that you, you know, you get people and, and, and you, and it might start off good, but I knew that if I got OCHO and I got with the cadence and I told him what we were trying to do, he could be great because his, because of, like you said, his personality and his understanding.


And so now like I said, it was supposed to be 20, 25 minutes, the storytelling. So he has stories that he can share with you about his upbringing. I can share stories about my upbringing, his college life, my college life, football life, the locker room, the things of that nature. I knew he we could do it. I didn't expect us to have the success that we had so soon. I thought it was gonna take at least two to three years. I'd say, Jamie, give us two to three years And. we can get a million subs. I think this thing will be off and running. And thanks to you guys, you made us a, a sensation from the, from the jump. Most definitely.


Come on p long stockers. Hey. Hey Ocho. What? Hey Rel, shout out to Rel. I'm an entrepreneur and a former track athlete as well. Okay? All right. This is for okay with much success and being surrounded by love. How soon are you looking to find a balance in your life? Because you do believe that men and women need each other, correct? I do. And we're not, we're not made. And you are a believer that we're not made to go out through this thing called life without our partner.


So how soon are you looking to find that balance to settle down and find your life partner? To be honest with you, that's probably one of my greatest regrets that through this process I really haven't had a whole lot of people to share it with. If I had to do it over again, I probably would do it a little different. Probably should have met someone. Look, I had some opportunities, but things didn't work out. God didn't make any mistakes. We ain't gonna do. Should, coulda would've. Yeah. How soon in the future? I don't know. Are you looking to find that Bow? I wish you shoot you shooting. I wish You Shoot. I wish You come On now Kobe.


I, I wish, honestly I wish I could give you a definitive answer that I could say, you know what, in six months, in a year, a year and a half you talking about tonight? Oh, I was a ball player too. If I was shooting, you'll know. Okay. My Bad, my bad he's available. But Man, my daughter here. Come here. Hey, she's gorgeous.


So if he is looking, they need to be age appropriate. They have to be older than me. So I'm 55. So that's it. Thank you baby. That's my oldest daughter and whomever they're gonna have to meet her approval. Hey Y Ocho, my name is Brian. Up top. Up top. Go ahead. Go ahead bro. Hey Y Ocho, my name is Brian now I'm a diehard Saints fan living in Texas. All Now, now Unc and OCHO as Saints fans.


We're rational fans. Okay? If we make the playoffs, that's great, And, we can go and build the steps. Can you please help these Dallas Cowboys fans be rational? They need your help. Okay? They just need your help. Ocho he say help the Cowboys fans be rational. Oh man, I don't know how, I don't know how, listen, I just as, as a, a fan of the game of football from the outside looking in, I just want Jerry to take a backseat. That's all. That's all I care about. Good luck with that. I think, I think he puts too much pressure on the coaching staff. He put too much pressure on the players and the star on the helmet sells itself. Yes. You don't need to make no extra noise.


Okay. I agree. Yeah, but thank You'all. It'll be more smash TVs like going on later. Alright, appreciate it. We upstairs. Okay. Hey, just real quick, I just wanna say this is a special moment for me and my brother because the year when you won your first Bronco Super Bowl, I was like, na high. Okay, So To be here with my big brother over there, he's a cowboy fan. We saw you win your first Super Bowl, so it's amazing. But my question is, first I'm Josh, I'm a music producer and engineer. I create a lot of songs and I believe that I have some songs that that would be great for you guys.


Shorts or YouTube abs that you guys run. So I just want to know if you have a music supervisor that I could submit, submit a brief link to. Ash Ash. Ash. Ash. There you go. Ash Ash is our music supervisor. She's our producer. She's our talent, she's our booker, she's our caterer. She's our, she's our location coordinator. So she'll be around here. We'll get to you bro. Okay. Appreciate it. What's going on fellas? What's up bro? We wanna know what are, Get, get closer to the mic. What Actually are the bigger future plans that you guys are going to do with, with y'all show?


Well, Well that you can talk about. Well, yeah. Ooh, That's A good one. That's, that's definitely, I I think, I think that's a good one. I think late spring we're probably gonna go back on tour again. It's kinda hard to go back on tour because we're gonna do a college football show this season. So we're gonna start coming on Saturdays. So we're gonna do Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Thursday. So probably when the fall, probably late spring we'll go back, we'll go back on tour, we'll do this again. Hit some of the cities. Probably Philly. Memphis, Charlotte, things like that. New York probably do that. Miami right now. I really haven't thought that much of that much about it.


Love being at the Volume, obviously that's where it's housed. That's where I'm housed at currently right now. I love Colin. I love Jamie. The people work have done great things for us. We've grown exponentially thanks to this guy right here at Nightcap. We're also in the process of adding other podcasts up under my, up under my umbrella. Right. But I'm also looking to branch out and, and do unscripted and do tv, you know, do TV shows, do game shows, things of that nature. So we got some things that's in the pipeline. But right now, as far as our podcast and what we're doing, we're comfortable with where we are right now. But hey, it's a ever evolving world. Don't think, we don't see what's going on. We, we see some of those contracts that guys are getting.


Yeah, Because I was wondering what you gonna make the decision of after you got your beat Nasty Water system. Do that. I was wondering if you gonna get it, you gonna get everything together after you got your beat Nasty Water system? Ah, Nah. I don't know. I think she got blocked so I ain't, I ain't hadn't been able to see anything lately. Okay, bro. Appreciate you. Oh, up top. Go ahead. My questions for Ocho. I think everyone wants to know if OCHO finally hit 200 pounds or if he still Yeah, or if he still looks like a pre mattress. Oh, so he, he ate 200 though? No, I'm at, I at, I'm at 1 98.


I'm a little short. I'm a little short but I'm, I'm actually there Though. 1 78 Shit, but I don't make me come up at this shirt now. No, Don't come up at the shirt. Don't come up by this shirt. Go ahead my man. What's up bro? What's up bro? I, yo, I fucking love you man. No, I fucking love you bitch. Alright. Fucking love you. Alright. After watching the game last night, do you think Shado and Travis can go one and two in the draft next year? Oh shit, that's a good one. That is it. You know, a lot of times it's dependent on the PO on who needs a quarterback. Now we know the talent now. Travis Hunter, I mean what he's doing, you don't see, you see that kind of like every 10, 12, 15 years?


Yes. Yeah, you saw it with Charles Woodson but they didn't play offense as much as this guy plays offense. He's out there damn near every snap and he's taking every snap of the defense champ, Bailey Miles, Jack. So we've seen some guys, I don't know if we seen a guy do it to the level at which he's doing it. Especially on both sides of the ball. Now Woody did win the Heisman Trophy. He was an outstanding defensive player, a punt returner so he could do it all. But the amount of snaps. Do you understand this kid is playing a hundred plus snaps a game. He only missed two snaps And he's playing at an elite level. Yeah, but do I think both guys can do be top five picks? I absolutely do. It's gonna be contingent on who needs what and where they're drafted.


Alright, One more, one more Ocho, after getting locked up by your Bengals player in that practice, do you think that you can, that Travis could cover you? Nobody can cover me at all. What about Reba's? He got lucky. Okay, Appreciate it. So I just, I just got the news that that was the last question. It was I'm, I'm sorry bro. The meet and greet right? Hold on, hold on Man. We'll be going tonight. Alright guys, thank you so much for coming out. Thank you Dallas. You are unbelievable.


The We'll be going tonight. Hold on. Oh you, we ain't go nowhere. You go home. Nightcap Club Shehe, the media staff, Volume staff, our guest bookers activation crew, CAA Live Nation. Thank you guys. The Volume,


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest Booty Haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Hey, what's up? I'm Jared Goff, quarterback for the Detroit Lions Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And, if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start first. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean, it's really in right now. And the athletic fit has extra room in the thigh. I need make sure to hit up Abercrombie Essentials collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds lux over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones. Look for the J Lab Blue Box at Target, Walmart Best Buy and more, or visit j lab.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. No way. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Plug in a Hyundai EV and the extraordinary happens from the charge Time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.