
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus Bess instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks. Only on Draft King Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Mitch Every Parent's Dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. halls.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for staying up late with us and joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their nation wifi g network. Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, that guy. The Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler on pro, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your continued support staying up late with us yet again. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier.


We do have it in stock and if you can't find it, any city or state near you, reach out, order you a bottle and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please, please drink responsibly. Please follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she she media and my clothing company 84, which is which? 84 being spelled out. Everything just restock. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We've also dropped beanies in every color. Also introduced gift cards and nominations from 25 to $500. That takes the guesswork out of it. Let someone else pick exactly what they like.


We have a big drop coming week. Make sure you stay tuned. OCHO Luca dci. Yeah. Made his debut for the Lakers has not played since he injured that calf muscle. On Christmas Day, the Lakers defeat the Jazz. 1 32, 1 13. Luca was warming up. Excuse me, LeBron was warming up with Luca t-shirt. They placed a 77 T-shirt on all the cherries within the stadium. Yeah. And the pregame, LeBron told Luca, Luca, be your fing self don't fit in. Fit the F out the Lakers, the one six straight 12 out 14. Overall, LeBron James had 24 points.


Eight assists, seven rebounds. Austin Reeves, 22 points. Nine rebounds, four assist assist Ruing ura, 21.6 rebounds. Luca limited action, 14 points, five rebounds, four assist. And God win. The two way player had 17 points. The Lakers, the last game before the Allstar break is Wednesday against this very Utah Jazz team. They de defeated tonight up in Utah before the Allstar break. Let's continue right quick. O Joe. According to Shams, the Hornets exploring disputing the Lakers failed physical on Williams, the Charlotte Hornet. Hornets have been in contact with the NBA as they explore options to dispute the Lakers failed physical assessment on Mark Williams.


Sources tell ESPN Williams Dalton Connect trade was next Saturday and now the hornets weigh avenues to challenge. We'll talk about that a little later. Okay. Oh Joe, I like what I saw. I don't know if you like what you saw with Luca. Now look, it's a, it's only one game that's a very, very small sample size. Yeah. I like what they obviously Luca's gonna start kind staggering because you want one of those guys to be on the court pretty much at all time. But even if you don't have 'em on the court, you still have a primary ball handle in Austin Reeves. So obviously LeBron can handle the ball. Luca can handle the ball. Okay. But when both of those guys are off the court, if they are off the court, you still have Austin Reeves who can handle the ball, who's plague extremely well.


Right. And so I like what I saw and it's gonna be a lot of staggering. So when Luca goes off the court, LeBron is on LeBron's off the court, Lucas' on, or both of those guys have off the court. Off the court. As I said Austin Reeves is on. But I like the way they moved the ball. Right. And if you know Luca, Luca can get hot and give you 20, 25 points on a quarter. But he doesn't have to worry about facilitating because a lot of times when Luca was on the court before he got Kyrie, if Luca went on a hot streak, he still had to worry about getting other people involved. Right. He don't have to worry about that. Right. He has LeBron, he has Officer Reeves. But I like what I saw and Hayes Jackson Hayes is the happiest guy. 'cause all he is going to do is getting lob dunks now.


Yeah, he ain't gonna work, but that's all he did anyway. But he's going to average probably about 14 points a game getting six to seven lob dunks a game. So I like what I saw early on, although it's a very, very small sample size. Now listen, even though it's a small sample size, you can tell that the future is gonna be very bright for the Lakers. Now I know people don't wanna, you don't wanna get too happy they are playing the Utah Jazz, but obviously you understand how dynamic, you know, LeBron and Luca are playing together. Even though the sample size is small, especially with the IQ that Luca has, especially in the iq with the IQ that LeBron has as well. The spacing obviously with Luca and LeBron on the court was awesome. You can tell that Reeds is gonna be able to eat as long as, as well as everybody else.


So I'm, listen, I'm excited for the Lakers. I don't think, I still don't think it's enough to be able to compete and contend for, for a title. I still think they need another piece. I I could be wrong. You continue. You could tell me you would know be better than I can. I still think there would be you, you would need another piece to add to them, to that puzzle to be able to challenge out there in the west They need a big, the only, the only big they have is Jackson Hayes. And I don't think that's enough. You only wanna play Jackson Hayes somewhere between, you know, 14, 20 minutes a night. Right. He's not a guy that you're gonna run out there and play 25, 30 minutes. 35 minutes a night. That's not what he is. That's not, he's not been that player in his NBA career.


So you probably need another big, that's why they tried to change for the Williams kid. Right. But as I was reading earlier, OCHO, he failed a physical Go ahead. I and now I have a question. When it, when it comes, when it comes to failing a physical Yes. Is it due past injuries or does he actually have a injury right now to where he couldn't pass it? I'm, I'm curious how Well, you know what happened. It Works. Oh, So you know what happens when they bring you in there, they test you out. They start pulling on your joints and your shoulders and your knees and twist your ankle. Right. Oh it's, are you okay? They give you mri, they give you all, you know all that other stuff. But here's a guy that's been, you know, he kind has an injury history. Okay. So I don't know what, why y'all so anxious to get up or if he is so good y'all should welcome him back.


Right, right, right. But clearly, clearly there's more to it than what's going on. It's like, hey, we thought we had another shooter. Could we know what Dalton was? He had, he's kind of cooled off a lot early on. He was, he was really letting it fly. Had some big games shooting the three ball for the Lakers. Can put the ball on the floor, can finish at the rim. I know the Lakers really like him, but sometimes you have to give, give up something to get something. Right. And they realize they needed a big Luca likes playing with very athletic bigs because he can get into the paint, he can dish it, dish a lot of lo dunks. Look, go look at Lively. Go look at Daniel Gaffer, look at the guys that he's played with. Guys get a lot of easy baskets because hey, he's gonna get into the paint.


Mm. Because he can change speeds. He's really herky jerky. Yeah. But, but right now I think that's the thing they're missing. They're getting better at shooting the ball from outside. Gabe Vincent is getting better at shooting the three ball. He's finally getting his legs back. Last year was a wash year for him and he's finally starting to shoot like the Gabe Vincent that we saw his last year in Miami when he really let the ball fly. Yeah. Help that team get to the NBA finals will end up losing to the nuggets. Officer Reeves has been on the tear lately. He's been unbelievable. He's just getting better and better and better every year. Would I be surprised eventually if he's not an all star? I can see it happening now.


It's gonna be hard because he has Luca and he has LeBron on his team on. Yeah, but here's the thing, Ocho, he's gonna be getting the third best defender. You've gotta give one of your best defenders, especially with The Wing, you've gotta guard Luca. He's gotta guard LeBron. So now it's kind of like that third receiver. If you got two dogs outside that third receiver, like man, hey y'all gimme me the third or fourth corner or I'm definitely going to eat now you gonna eat. You gonna eat. He's definitely gonna eat. Rui is another guy that's gonna get big because both of LeBron, because they're big guards. Yes, sir. Can see over the defense. So they can penetrate, skip, pass, hammer pass over the top. It really doesn't matter to them. And we know they both can score.


Luca has the highest, the third highest scoring average in NBA history at almost 29 points. A game behind Jordan, behind Wilt when it comes to the playoffs. He has the high second highest scoring average behind only Michael Jordan. So that just lets you know what a proficient guy he is at scoring the basketball. And So you look at a guy that's average of basically 29, 8 and eight. Right. Which is crazy. Yeah. And he won't be 26 until the 28th of this month. Yeah. New New York. So the Lakers has someone to win. LeBron finally decides if and when that's gonna be because it's gonna take a lot of pressure off LeBron Ocho because he's not gonna have the workload of having to bring the ball up to court.


He's not gonna have the workload of trying to have to facilitate for everybody else. Luca is gonna take a lot of pressure off LeBron. I can see LeBron now play another two to three years. Right. You know what, what you saying that when you talk about, you know, Luca taking some of the pressure off LeBron, obviously Luca, some of the pressure's taken off him as well, even Correct. He's as as efficient as he is. He had to squad around him that where he doesn't have to do all the work. He has, he has hella athletes, a lot of players around him with length. And I think he, he's going to be, he going to be a great addition. I think they just need a big, they they need a big, and if they can get a big, now, I'm, I'm not sure how many, how many viable options out there that can come in and, and you can plug and play and it make a difference right now.


Now they're not a whole, well you can't trade for anybody. So anybody's gonna be basically street free agents. Right. Or you maybe somebody get cut and you are able to bring them in like that. But I know they were looking at If if they getting cut, there's, there's not much they can do for you. But, but no that, but Luca and LeBron can bring it out of them. Right. Because everybody ain't got a Luca and LeBron. But you know, may they were looking at Valentinas, they looked at Walker Kessler, who's on the Utah Jazz. But seemingly the Jazz wanted more than what the, the Lakers were willing to part ways with the only guys are out there available. I think of Jaelle McGee, I think of Alex Lin, Dwight Howard. Dont know what, how Old, how old is Dwight?


Probably a year younger than LeBron. Oh man. Because he was, he was in the, the the draft class after LeBron. Okay. So I'm thinking he came straight outta high school also. So he should probably be a year younger. A year younger than LeBron. LeBron. But you only at can, you can DW and Dwight keeps himself in great shape. Yeah. The question is, can he, I believe he can give you 20 minutes a night. He and Jackson Hayes alternating. You know, there gonna be, sometimes they go with a small lineup. Right. But the question is, can those guys between the two of 'em, can they give you 20, 24 minutes a night? I believe they can, but they definitely need another big, they, Jackson Hayes is not nearly enough.


Like I said, you don't wanna play him a ton of minutes. He's an energy guy. He's gonna block some shots. He'll challenge some stuff at the realm. But he's a good role player. And the thing is, you don't have to run plays for him because you don't, you got enough scoring, you don't need other guys that you have to run plays for. You got Luca, you got LeBron, you got Austin Reve that can score. You got Rui, you got four guys that can score right now. You need bigs. I ain't gotta run no plays for you. Get it off the rim. Flip backs, LOBs. Can you rebound, can you challenge stuff at the rim? Because when you give up Anthony Davis, you give up one of the premier defensive players and one of the three defensive players. But he's one of the best two-way players also that's in the game. But you gave that up because he was your last line of defense.


He did a lot of covering up Anthony Davison, like makeup unlimit Plan, all the, That's your fault. The blemishes that you have, he could cover it up. Right. And so that's what, that's what you need. That's what you need. So can Jackson Hay block shots? Yeah, we know Dwight, we know JaVale McGee can challenge shots. We don't know how much tread they got. But look, you don't need you, you're not gonna get a yoic. So who I so stop, get something. Right. So you just have to basically hope that one of these guys that they're able to, to secure can give you valuable minutes because Luca and eight and LeBron is gonna give you plenty. Now when, when, now I, I obviously don't know, I don't know know how basketball works to the extent that you do during this, during this break, during this all star break.


Isn't that the time you wanna already have a big coming in at that point So you can hit the ground running when you come outta the All star break and having a big, you know, the the go, the go at everybody else? Yeah, I mean the, the, the question is, is that Rob is, is is probably scouring they're looking at. But like I said, there's not a whole lot out there. It's not like you got a cream of a crop working a litter. Yeah. Yeah. So you only got a handful of guys out there. JaVale McGee has familiarity with the Lakers. Dwight Howard has familiarity with the Lakers. I don't believe anybody else is gonna be get cut or get on a or excuse. I say cut a buyout. Right, right. I don't see, I don't really see any buyouts happening. I think Alex Lynn is available.


He's another big, like I said, you're not gonna get somebody that's a a double double machine. Most of the guys gonna have a older Jave McGee's, a little older Dwight house, a little older Jave probably can give you Mm, I would say somewhere 15, 16 minutes a night, Dwight. Maybe a little more 16 to 18 minutes a night. But maybe that's all you need.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is they're sleek ad free user interface, enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory of how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com We've done your homework.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime Credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better Credit Home Loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Bancorp Bank, NA or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the right, we're officially line mates. Nate, we worthy the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. You was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, does it matter that they don't give you much on the office? They end of the ball though. No, we could. You got, if you don't, if LeBron James, that average is 25 Luther, that's averaging 28. Officer Reed that's averaging 20. He rule as average of 16. If that's not enough of the damn, okay, that's good. Okay. Okay. Okay. And, and consider and considering that you hope your bench, Gabe Vincent can continue to get better and better. I like this guy. The this Goodwin kid that I saw. Goodwin Godwin, the kid that I saw tonight that came up the bench. He's a score. You can tell when he gets the ball in his hands, he's looking to get to the basket. He's looking to put the ball in the basket. So I like what I saw to him. I don't wanna get too carried away. Like I said, Utah wasn't playing any defense tonight. But if you look at him, I followed him last couple of games.


He can put the ball in the basket. Right? And he can put the ball in the basket at an elite clip. Van do's not gonna give you much on the offensive end, but he is a defensive guy. Finn Smith, he's streaky. He can get hot, he can hit you about three or four threes in the game. But you're looking for him to defend at an elite level on defensive end. So Van do Finn Smith, those are your defensive guys. Jackson Hayes is a guy that can challenge at the rim. Gabe Vincent, he's another defensive guy. So look, when you got Officer Reeves guy's gonna go at Officer Reeves. They're gonna attack him. Yeah. Guys are gonna attack Luca. They know LeBron cannot exert that kinda defensive energy where you used to on a nightly basis.


Yeah. Yeah. So somebody's gonna have to defend somebody. Right. But you'd have to defend those guys also because you got three guys that can put the ball in the basket at an elite level. Like I said, I love the way Officer Res gotten better, better, better, better. We know what LeBron is. We know what Luke is. The question is, can they add another piece, which I believe will be a big, that can give them enough offense, which you don't need much. Can you give us eight points again? But what we need is defense. Can you rebound? Right. Can you defend, can you challenge, can you clog the paint? And I believe if they get that, I think they'll be okay. But this, like I said, they tried to rescind this trade. I'm not, I'm not sure.


Look, the guy has it had, he's had some injuries. Yeah. And he, I mean he's a big guy. Oh Joe, he give you 16 points. I think he's almost a double double. But he is injured. And most times, every once in a while, if they really want a guy, I remember, I think it was last year. Yeah, maybe a year, maybe a year and a half ago, the Warriors, they traded for Gary Peyton ii. He was injured, he failed a physical, but they really liked him because they had had him before. Right. Kept him with, and so they knew what they were getting and said, you know what, we'll go ahead. Don't even worry about it. Yes. He feel we'll work with him. We'll let him take, because here's the thing, Ocho, I'm not training for a guy that's going to, he injured and I gotta wait.


No bro, I need, I need, I need you to get, I need you to go right now. Yeah. And I think that's what happened with Anthony Davis because Anthony was AD was hurt and he's like, okay. And he came, maybe came back a little bit too soon. Right. And so naive tweaked that abductor and now he's gonna be out some extended time. And I just saw they lost Daniel gaffer tonight. So two of the three bigs they lost. Hey, Go ahead. You know? No, it's funny when I think about, do you think Anthony Davis injury history played a part in them letting them go and not really, not really not, I don't wanna say not caring, but understanding that they could get Luca and had no problem letting Anthony Davis go simply because of his injury history.


If Anthony Davis was 100% healthy and played all the games like AC Green, right. You're not passing up an opportunity to get Luca Dage 25 years of age. Right. Averaging 29 points a game. Okay. Eight rebounds, nine assist. You're not giving that up that there's never been a trade like this before. Ocho Yeah. Yeah. There's never been a trade like this. Not, not at, Is there a trade comparable? Is there a football trade comparable to the Anthony Luca Dante trade or is nothing even close? No, because what, what happens if you go back and look at the trades, if you say, what about Kareem? Kareem wanted to be out. Okay. He wanted to leave. Right. And come to la.


Actually Kareem really wanted to go to New York, but he ended up going to the Lakers. With that being said, right. Luca is 25 and he didn't ask to be traded. Anthony Davis asked to be traded. Guys have asked in their prime to be traded. Luca is 25 5 time first team all NBA led the league of scoring Rookie of the year. Right. They didn't ask and they moved him. There's not a whole lot. I don't if, if you really think about it, there's not a whole lot of guys that you're probably not gonna move him for. You're not gonna move him for yolk. Right. You, you're not gonna move him for Shaa.


I don't know if they'll move him for Jason Tatu because they liked that me, that that mesh. But other than that, if Nico Collins would've took that to the Warriors and say, give us KD May or step Steph, Steph is not going anywhere. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll, okay. Steph is not going anywhere. No, Steph is not going there. Joe Loki is not. Joe Ham is not going doing that. That deal. But, but at, we talked about it, what the owners said is like, okay, we finn to pull some of this power back. Right? Y'all got too much. Y'all been where y'all want to go and who y'all want and yelling and knowing all the screaming Yeah.


That hey, that a shock wave. 'cause you hear all the players talking like, hey, let us know everybody is, is touchable. You know, it, it, it lets us know everybody's touchable, but we still don't know exactly what happened. We still don't know exactly what happened where you're getting off a player that's been putting up the numbers he'd been putting up as consistently as he has, despite, despite the, the injury and not playing since, you know, December something else was going on behind closed doors. Unc, especially for a player that's eligible for a supermax, you know, five year, 3 45 whatever, whatever, whatever the numbers may have been. If you are that good, if you're that good, how do you let someone go like that? What is going on behind closed doors where you let 'em go knowing that you're not gonna be able to replace that, that type of productivity.


Right? You're not going to, you know, I mean, I mean people, you can get so informed, but it just is not the same. Luka Dantes this summer was in line to get five years, 345, 300 $50 million. That's $70 million a year. Right. Normally if you somebody's getting that kind of money, you don't wanna have any questions. I don't want no injury history. I don't want a guy that I have to motivate to do what he needs to do. One second. That's a lot of money Ocho. And so what a lot of the players are thinking, right? Well, to keep somebody from getting that Supermax contract, if I trade him now I save somebody else has to deal with that.


But still, even if you save, that means they still can't get the supermax when you, once you get traded. Because now that original team doesn't own them. Have the bird rights. I have a question. Yes, yes. Anything about a player that's that good, a player that's that dynamic. Now we're not, I'm not even speaking Lucas, you know, in this sense, a player that's that great right? With every great player. Aren't there some type of issues internally? Think about it. Nah, No, we can away though. Look, wait, say think about some of the stories. Think about some of the stories. As great as Kobe was, as great as Michael Jordan was. Yes. Do you think everything was always perfect?


Well, there was no injury off of the Court because I think that what, what, what what was going on and the issues they had with, with Luca, it had nothing to do with what he does on the court. Right. I I think the thing was is that the one thing, No matter what you thought were they were too driven, they were too motivated. Right? They came in shape. Yes. And basketball was the end all be all right. And so if you invest in that kinda money, you need basketball to be the end all be all. Now, like I said, what maybe and plus ocho, I need to wrestle some of this power back. Okay? Because Luca is so powerful in that organization. If I give him this money, he's damned near the owner.


You think it made it worse? Hey. And so that seems to me, Huh? Excuse me. Excuse me. I I hate to, I hate to cut you off. Do you see the kind of money NBA players make? Yeah, for sure. Even if he didn't get the super max, he's still making fuck you money. Oh my bad, my bad. God dog it my bad. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He's making fu money. Yes. You know, all the players, you know, in the NB are making fu money. So now NBA owners trying to find a way to, you know, we're gonna pull and take some of this power back. Well, it's too late now. It's too late. Based on the kind of money they're making, UNC everything is guaranteed. Yes, Everything is guaranteed. So there's really nothing they can do.


But here's the thing though, Ocho, the player's gonna be on their best behavior because three 50, now you go down to 2 29. Don't do me like that. I've just said that. 2 22 29. What is that? I can't do with 2 29 that I can do with three 50. That's, I can do just about the same thing. That's the, that's the same thing that you said with the, the NFL players. What can I do with 75 million that I can do with 50? That's a big, think about it. And you leave Texas with no state income tax that Yes. To go to new, you go to California where there's a 13% tax rate. Right? Right.


Okay. Luca is a global star. Yes sir. And you gave him up and put him in the biggest market for the next decade. The this is the Lakers, this is what they always do. This is what they've always done. Go back and look at the Lakers history. It started out when they got Wilt and then they got Kareem, they got Bob McAdoo, they got Shaq, they got LeBron, they got Anthony Davis, and now they got Luca. This is what they do. Right. So people shouldn't be surprised. The only thing that I think the only thing the NBA owners are upset about, bro, you ain't opened it up.


Do you know what Luca would've commanded If everyone had a chance to get him? Rudy Go Bear went for four first round picks. Four Did you know when Luka Dodges a 25-year-old global international superstar would've went For? So that that mean that mean Nico Collins and Roblin had some where they were in cahoots behind, behind, behind closed doors. Obviously not letting anybody know what they were gonna do simply because it's the Lakers. Where else would you want to go? But the Lakers, they have to Makers Splash. They have to have a superstar. But the Lakers ain't had the best. I bet you, I guarantee you, if they had to open this thing up, Lakers wouldn't have come close to the best package. Oh, absolutely not.


But Rob Linker was Kobe's agent. Nico Collins was at Nike, worked with Kobe, ah, Worked With Jordan. Okay. Worked with LeBron. You see with now hopefully people will understand it. It's all about relationships. Always. I keep telling y'all, oh, it ain't about this, it's about that. No it's not. Rob and Nico had a relationship. I like that. It's it, I like this and see, you know, you know it's funny. You know what I do like, I like also is we need to be a little bit more and, and I'm asking for this, I'm asking for this. We need a little bit be be a little bit more active on the basketball end because now that football season's over, guess where I'm finna be at Watching the game court Side.


Oh, I'm not watching the game from home. Well, I'm for use some of this Nightcap money. Boy, I'm going to sit court side. What you talking about? No, I'm ready. I'm saving my, I'm saving my money. Where You going? I'm saving I what? Oh, now you wanna save, I'm preaching you about saving all, all this time. All I ain't got no big change. I ain't got no big 84. I ain't, I wasn iced out on Nightcap live. I ain't got that. I ain't have five bracelets. Wait a minute. Hold on, hold on. I had to prepare myself for live shows. We have a tour, we have a tour coming up. So that's my stuff specifically for the tour. Now I can put, I put that away and that's not coming out again until April when it's time to go on said tour.


Now listen, you have to understand now Pat Riley and I have a relationship, Mickey Eon and I have a relationship. I have a relationship with band by the bio. I'm going to sit court side next to the leg ne next to the Lakers, next to the heat bench. That's only $1,500. That, that's just, I I no disrespect to anybody in this chat. I'm not saying it's a drop a a drop in the bucket, but $1,500 I could, that's feasible for me for the rest of the season after Allstar break where I can get a better of the game. Watch it up close, being able to talk it so I can sound like you so I can sound like Stephen a so I can sound like Malika Andrews, you know, so I can sound like Perkin Perkins, huh? Yeah. Alright, now gimme, gimme up, gimme three weeks.


Watch how it sound out here. But yeah, I mean I, I I, I like what the Lakers have done. I like LeBron, but like I said, I can see LeBron playing two or three years for the simple fact the workload that he woke. The question is his mind, like he said because he's LeBron James and he's been great since he stepped foot in the NBA and if there's any point in time that he can't be great, he'll walk away. Just like Tom Brady, Tom realized Tom, Tom Brady. Great. See people like what Tom, look at Tom's numbers. But Tom, when you are a great player, you only get compared to a younger self. Yeah. You don't get compared to the other players.


Right. Aaron Rogers, would you look at Aaron Rogers numbers? They weren't that bad, but you compared Aaron to the young Aaron, right? When he was throwing 45 touchdowns with four picks, he was 38 touchdowns with three picks. He was this and that. That MVP when you are great, it's hard for you to be anything other than great. Right? And, and the, and the, and now all of a sudden people look at it like, damn, I'm a I'm a re It's hard, right? It is hard. It's just like with some people having a large sum of money and all of a sudden they don't have that no more ojo. They don't know how to behave.


Like, I had all this money, I've had millions, hundreds of millions, billions, and now I just got you a billionaire and all of a sudden all you got is $200 million, bitch. 200 million me you 200 million. Like, sh sign me up. But not when you've had billions, right? That's a whole different ballgame. Check this out. O Joe. During the Mavs karaoke cam, during a time out of fan mouth fire, Nico, they quickly booted him from the arena. This was the first time a fans had been shown on video since the trade fans booed as the guy was ex escorted out of the, out of the arena. Is that the right way to handle this?


Oh man, listen, I, I I think No, no, wait, wait. Is it the right way to handle it For who? The fan or them booting em out. They Booted 'em out. Is that the right way for the marriage to handle it? Oh, Absolute. Absolutely not. Listen, fans come to a game, they should be able to express themselves based on decisions that have been made. You know, I think he had, He didn't curse. He didn't yell profanity. Right. He didn't, he didn't wr yell obscenities. Right, right. It wasn't, you know, it wasn't like I, you know what I'm saying, Ocho it wasn't anything like no racial. All he said was Yeah. Right. That shouldn't get you kicked outta the arena. I'm sorry. It Shouldn't it shouldn't, it shouldn't get you kicked out. But you there to enjoy a game. You, you're there, you're there to enjoy a game.


You're there to, to have fun. Nico Harris, I keep saying, I keep saying Colin Nico Harrison. I'm sorry. Chad. Nico Harrison. Yeah. I think, listen, there, there's a no tolerance policy. I think fans need to under understand and respect not only the players, but but other, other authority as well. You know, go there if, if you, if you're not pleased with them, we understand your displeasure with certain individuals based on decisions that they made. You just, there's certain things you can't do. It's like, you know, when you get pulled over by the cop and just because you know the law, you want to challenge authority or you want to curse or you want to prove, you know, you, you, you, you know, you know you pig. Yeah.


Listen, you upset, Help you buddy. Yeah. You upset with what happened and what, and you know, Luca, Luca leaving, go to the game. Enjoy it. You see him? Give him, give him a little quick boo you Know, boo, Go on about your business. Yeah. Enjoy the game. But I think when you, when you handle it this way now you invite more people. Oh yeah, this hold on. All I said was fire Nico Harrison. I don't think that's an offense that should get me thrown out of a game if I'm real, if I'm yelling obscenities Yeah. If I'm yelling racial stuff, if it is profane, yeah, I get it.


But that's all he said was fire Nico Harrison. Yeah. That's not a, that's not a e objectionable offense. Now they have, they taken it, they've had to add extra security to this man to and from watching his home because of the threats. That's too far. That's taking it too far. I get it. You are upset. But the, the, to put threats on the man's life and his family's life, that's going too far. So I get, I, I get the precautions that the mavericks are taken. Right. But I I I, I, I can't get down with that because all he said was Fire Nico Harrison and the man is talks from the arena. Hey, listen, I don't, I don't agree with that. Ocho you, You know what a crack in your window, it always starts small.


Yeah. If you don't fix it, if you don't set a precedent early, that crack it gets bigger and bigger over time. Right. So now you're talking about, he just said fire Nico and that's all he said. You know, that small crack will continue to get bigger and bigger 'cause other people are gonna see that. Right. So what they're doing is they jumping the gun, you know, we need to get on top of this now before this small crack eventually turns a little bit bigger and it gets outta control. Hey, once you, you go there like, look, we ask God, we ask everybody to be respectful, blah, blah, blah. And once he read, yeah, once he yelled it the first, you know, mild it the first time just paying off him. You remember how they used the show when every time when Streakers would run on the field, a guy women would lift their shirt on and they would just stay on it.


Now they just, hey, they just cut away. We not gonna give you no TV tie. We not gonna let you have your little five seconds, your 15 seconds of Fame. We just gonna move on. Right. I think for me, I, I I think that would've been the proper way to handle it. But hey, the Maverick did what they did. I don't agree with it. As a matter of fact, they just ejected a, a, a a a team of ran John's dead outta the game because he said something to an official, I guess IIII, I could be wrong and I think I'm paraphrasing, I think said y'all on the take or something like that. Okay. You have to be careful, you know, when you say stuff like that to an official, that's a very, very touchy subject, especially with gambling involved. But this, this is not even close for me.


Chad, let me know what you guys think. As a, an objectionable offense. Kevin Durant is still with the Phoenix Sons and ready to get back on the court after last week's event for trade their life full of speculation. It's just part of the business. Everybody's bought and sold in this league. Anybody can up for option. So I understand it is just about getting back on the court and trying to go out there and play the game that I love. It's part of the business though. We've all got to understand that. The sons ended up having a relatively quiet trade deadline, dealing only disgruntled center, usp, IC to the Hornets, but keeping the rest of the court intact. The team's Big three Durant book and Bradley Bill is still together as the franchise tries to gain traction in the standing ojo.


You agree, disagree. Like what Katie said. I I like what Katie said. Obviously he feels that every, everyone, everyone is expendable at this point. And I think, I don't think Katie would've said anything like that if he hadn't seen the deal that happened with, with with Luca. I don't, I think he would, he wouldn't have uttered those type of words. But now seeing that they were able to get rid of Luca despite how good he was, I think that's why he said what he said. Anytime, anytime Katie was on the move, it's because he wanted it. Correct. It's because he wanted it. You know, he said, you know, he was displeased with the issue or with the, with the, with the turmoil and chaos that was going on around him. You know what? I wanna make a move, even gonna move. Was it whether it was the Warriors, whether it was God damnit, whether it was O kc, he was, he was afraid of the OKCO Joe.


So he was like, you know, I, I don't, I I wanna move on. Right. Well, within his, well within his rights, the Warriors you mentioned, he was there, he wasn't happy. A part of that for me, a part of the Warriors was New Edition. Johnny, Bobby, Ricky and Mike. Mike. They were the original Johnny Gill. Could I sing 'em all? Yeah, but he didn't grow up in Roxbury, Boston. Right. So he was never going to be accepted. Like those like Trey Clay and Steph, excuse me, Steph Clay and Dre and Draymond. Right. We know what KD is. A seven foot walking bucket.


Yes sir. Mid range can get to shoot the three, you follow him, 90% of his shot can play with his back to the basket, can put the ball on pool play. We've never seen a guy seven foot tall head the ball and be able to do what he does. Right. But he is like, you know what I I I'm gone. Yeah. He goes to, he goes to Brooklyn and see is like, man, I'm gone. So once you leave it's easier for you to do it again. It it's just like Ocho it's just like somebody getting divorced. A lot of times when people get divorced, you see a person with multiple divorces because once you leave a relationship it gets a lot easier to lead the next relationship. You know what, and that's another thing. Now I'm gonna take it to sports.


Once you see someone get knocked out the first time, you know how much easier it is when they get knocked out again? Yes. After that first One. Yes. So subconsciously it's already there. Yep. It can happen Absolutely a lot faster. So Kevin KD just wants to play basketball. That's what he is. He's a professional basketball player. He works on his craft. Extremely hard. You don't get this, you don't play As long as he is played, be as good as he is without working on his craft, all that other stuff. He let Rich Kleiman do what he does have his business stuff. KD just wants to focus on basketball on the court. And so he understands the business of the game. Just like he was a business, he was a free agent.


He was to Golden State. He became a free agent again. He went to Brooklyn. He's like, you know what the situation is getting outta hand. I don't think we can win here. I wanna go somewhere else. Right. But he handled it in such a way, he didn't make a whole lot of noise. Right. He didn't call, you know, miss practice or be laid or stomp outta shoot around sh or shoot around. He, his representative say, look, I would like to be moved. Get what you can for me. I, and this, you know this, they did him a solid, right? He wanted to go to Phoenix. They put him in Phoenix. Yeah. But see that's because of the, the person, the man, the player that is, he's been very respectful how he handled it. They accommodated him. Right. A lot of times like where you want to go. Okay, I'm gonna send you to the opposite place you wanna go to Ham?


Hell it is. Yeah.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


These days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the right, we're officially Linemates Nate worthy the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed It. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Box.


General manager John Hor said, trading franchise Cornerstone. Chris Middleton, after 12 Seasons in Milwaukee was the hardest transaction he's made Oh, Don't, don't Start that as an executive, but did. So to maximize the window for a championship is still the awesome responsibility to try to take this franchise and maximizing the window that we have now as best we can, what we think gives us the best chance to win and figure out how to continue winning going forward. There's a very narrow set of opportunities that we felt that we could do that. And this is one of them. Milwaukee traded Middleton and, and rookie guard AJ Johnson and a pick swap to Washington in exchange for Kyle Kuzma, Patrick Baldwin Jr.


And his second round pick before last week's trade deadline, the Bucks also acquired Senator Jericho Sims for the New York Knicks as part of the deal. Ocho the executive said it was the hardest decision, one of the hardest decisions he's had to make. I heard that, I heard that before too. Huh? Did we hear that from someone who's, who's, who sits, who sits at one of the higher seats for the Giants? Joe Was one of the hardest things for him to do, but they still did it. I'm not sure. In that case it was for the betterment of the team. Do you think this situation and letting Chris Middleton go was for the betterment of the team in the future and giving them their best chance at a trophy or competing for one?


I I, I think the injury that Chris Doesn have had the knee injury, they didn't think that it, it comes down to ocho. Do I believe that I can count on you long term moving forward. Ouch. And so I make a decision when somebody tells you that, you know, your parents should tell you, this is gonna hurt. I got, I'm, I am gonna tear your ass up, but it's gonna hurt me more than hurt you. We don't do it. You don't, if you, I don't want you to be hurt and I damn sure don't want me to be hurt. What kind of bull would drive is that, Hey Boy, my grandma used to get, catch me with that boy in junior high, you know, in my early days in high school and getting in trial. Yeah. Oh, this gonna hurt me more than hurt you.


Well, I don't want you to hurt brand. Yeah. Don't hurt. I don't want you to hurt. I definitely don't want to hurt. So man, y'all me with that fool then. And that's, that's what these exacts Oh you know, this, this hurts me to buy babe, stop. Now. You know, I, I obviously, if it was a situation where, and that's what, if you go back and look at it, that's what made Coach Belichick so good. And that's what really irked him and coach. That's what irked Tom. Yeah. Because Coach Belichick realize I'm gonna have to make a very tough decision one day. The closer I get to a player, the harder it is for me to do my job. Right? Yeah.


This is why in the military they, they, I don't know if they still have it, but higher ups messing with lower subordinates, right. Because they cloud your judgment. Mm. Because now I don't wanna put you in harm's way because I feel some type of way about you. Yes, sir. So that's why they don't like, they, they, you know, if you a higher up, you can't mess with a subordinate 'cause you are in a position of authority and you are over that person. And so when you gotta send somebody out to go do battle, you gotta send them out the battle. Whether that's your little boo thing or that's your woo you going, you think with me, Lemme get, lemme get you a little desk job.


Yeah. I don't want you to go out there and get hurt. You stay right over here with me. Right over here. That ain't how it work. And so when you dealing with, and so that's why you have to keep a motion out of it. That's why you can't, can't get too close because the closer you are to an individual, the hard it is is it is for you to heart with said individual. Right. And So, you know, and maybe, maybe, maybe it is. I mean, hey, I, I don't, I don't know. I've never been in a situation where I had to make a decision, a very, very tough decision where you've been with someone for an extended period of time and you've won together, you've accomplished so much together.


Right. Excuse me. And it comes to a point in time where you have to let set individual go. I'm sure that's not an easy thing to do, but, but like you said, at the end of the day, Ocho, no matter what I think of an in individual, I still have an obligation to the owner that pays my salary Right to the fan base to be, to put the best product on the floor Right. In order to win a championship. Okay. Okay. I I, I understand it. I don't know if that's the best product on the floor to achieve the end goal, but so be it Ocho the chiefs may be forced to release Travis Kelsey this off season due to an almost $20 million cap hit.


This would be the highest cap hit for tight end in the entire league. Given that Kelsey had times struggled this year to get open and to create separation. Our joke is this the end of Travis Kelsey, who I believe is the goat tight end and his relationship with the chiefs? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Obviously, you know, pastor Mahomes, you know Kelsey and all other players that are part of that team that are going to be there next year. Not those that are on a one year deal. Travis Kelsey's a team player, he's a team player and he's making so much money off the field, he's not going to have a problem taking a pay cut. He's not gonna have a problem doing that because he gonna make up for whatever he, whatever he doesn't get off the field because he has so much going on.


Right. Listen, this is the same situation with Tom Brady, who was Tom Brady dating when he was taking pay cuts in the winging to make sure they kept the team around him. Yeah. But that he ain't married to Taylor yet. He might as well go and propose then if he want that type. Trust me, he good. Trust me buddy. He's dating a billionaire. Well, I, I iri up, I think I'd done, done tied up. I think he has no worries. He has So he has so many endeavors going on off the field. He does. He does. I have no problem. I'm a team player. Yeah. I'm a team player to come back to keep the band together, to be able to get some e some other key off season acquisitions.


I have no problem doing that and coming back and make and, and, and giving this thing another go. He, he, he, he can do that. So he, he's not one that that's hurting for. So, so he'll be fine. I can see him going to Hollywood. He has that look, he has that swag. I can see him parlaying what he's been able to do in, in football on the field and Parly in that off the field. He has that. The question is OCHO as as you get older, right. And you know, Travis is flying all over the place. He wants to be with the lady a love him his life. He's gonna have to make a decision. How important is football to him? You can't, you can't, you can't go out like this.


This can't, this can't be the last taste. This can't be the last taste in your mouth. Hell, it might be getting worse next year. Not a game. Not a game like this. Not like that. Ojo. The thing is about sports, it's funny how sports work because everybody like, you can't go out like that and then you come back and it's worse this next last time. You like, well I can't go out and it just keep getting worse and worse. Right. There is no guarantee. It is not a situation where you get like a John Elway, I win a championship Super Bowl, MVP I'm done for Michael Strahan. They win. They, they take down the, the Giants, I mean, excuse me, the Giants take down the Patriots do shout. Right. The bus, the Super Bowl is in Detroit. He's from Detroit. Detroit. The bus stops here.


So it's not always like that. We don't always get that Hollywood ending. Right. Although we might want that Hollywood ending. The question is, is that that I, I think he's gonna have to sit down and ask him himself, how much more do I want to give? What do I have? Because lemme ask you a question Ocho, he comes back, what can he do that's gonna change the perception of what you think of Travis Kelsey? I, me personally, I think he's the go tight end. Oh yeah. Yeah. I, I'm, I'm not sure what he, what what's going to change. I just know and understand the chemistry and continuity that him and Patrick Mahomes have. Patrick Mahomes having that security blanket. Obviously when they bolster and help and, and get that that offensive line together, I think things will be a little bit more easy for him.


The chemistry and the continuity odds between the crew, Noah Gray, Xavier Worthy's gonna be back. I'm not sure about Hollywood. I'm not sure about Hollywood Brown and Deandre Hopkins, but whatever other pieces they bring into that table and I, I know that game left a bad taste in everyone's mouth, including Travis Kel. And I definitely believe he's not gonna want to go out like that. Not, I believe listen, it's one thing to lose, but, but belt to, to, to afs. That's not what they want. I'm not gonna curse. I believe in order frame come back to ocho, he gonna have to take a pay cut. He gonna have to take a soluble. Yeah. I don't think he have a problem with that. He ain't gonna have no problem doing that. He ain't gonna have no problem with you Say That be we say that because it's not our money.


I mean listen and just understanding how much he has going on, understanding the individual that he listen if this comes out knowing, I mean just Taylor Swift look like the type of woman anyway. Oh baby. They want you to take a pay cut. So from 20 million to 10, you know what, here go the 10 they ain't gonna take from you. She look like that type just to cut your, cut your $10 million check right there on the spot. That's just, that's just me. Okay. You know, they say God loves, God loves the cheerful giver. Yeah. Cheese fans go after CJ Gardner Johnson's mother's restaurant in Florida after his comments on Travis Kelsey's ex, Wait, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa.


Hey, I guess, I guess his mom owns a restaurant in Florida. Okay. He said something, I guess he comments on Travis Kelsey's ex. Okay. Oh yeah, I saw that. So she's saying I saw that Man look here. But I don't know, I, you gotta be careful Ocho when your, when somebody you know has a business Right Now they flooded with negative reviews. Oh. Yelp and things of that nature. Right. Or all of a sudden they, you know, stuff like that. So just YY you know, I guess he said that, that he should have stayed with that, that thick. Oh, speaking of Mr. Travis Kel there.


Okay. Alright. Yeah, I understand That. That that's what, that was long time ago. Right, right. She's moved on. Well clearly she's not. 'cause she was on the field last night with eagles. With, with, with confetti. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, But, but Trev but Trev Travis has been that, that's been gone a long Time. Been gone. I don't know. I've never been petty like that on Cho. Right. So whatever happens, I'll move on. You move on. Right. We moved on. I ain't got no bad, I ain't got nothing bad to say about you. Yeah, I don't normally He hadn't said nothing at all. Nothing at all. Hey, what, what is there to say though? There's nothing to say. Do you understand that there, there's nothing, nothing wrong with Ms. Nicole. You know, beautiful young lady. Yes, but I'm, she's making somebody very happy.


I'm sure somebody happy I'm Hold, hold hopeful. Hopefully she is. But you have to understand the situation that Travis Kelsey is in now. This is, this is a whole different ballgame, huh? Right. You talking about Taylor Swift, what is this is, this is different, you know? Right. Especially going forward for the foreseeable future, you Know, know it. This is, but you, they know Apples orange, Nowack. Man, look, look, he gave up this for that road. Okay. Maybe you wouldn't have who, who wouldn't have. But I'm saying Oh, So you know how man, we base everything off of looks and aesthetic Static man. We do, we do. Talking about we do.


She got, we talking about a Billy man, stop playing with me. Hey you, you bring to the choir now turn it around and get into the congregation. Hell, I'm in the choir. I'm behind you singing the congregation. Better stop playing. Yeah. Well we, we I'm thinking long term. Long term. Yeah. Assets versus liabilities. I'm not saying the individuals a a liability, I'm just saying I understand. I mean, I know what this is bringing to the table. I know what that's bringing to the table. Yeah. Like I said, I, for me, I, I just, like I said, I just prefer to just like move on Yeah. In a different direction.


I don't really talk about my exits with I and then, you know, somebody's like, really, I don't really care to talk about that. That ran its course. Yeah. I'm over here now. I don't really, because, you know, there's nothing good that can that can come out of talking. No. Hopefully my, I, like I said, I don't, I don't, I don't beat my exes up. I don't say this. We moved on, we had a great time. It was a great two year, one year, five months, eight years tenure, whatever the case may be. Right. It ran its course. That's, and you know, you just move on. Yeah. Yeah. But as y'all ain't finish, y'all ain't fitting to what you call Tell me what I should do. Yeah. Because you don't know. I'm happy. It's not like if, because if, if, if we were both happy, we would both still be in this situation.


That's the way I look at it. But hey, to each is all The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids. With district detailed and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia Is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.