
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tablet Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the Player playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Most Mobile is now legit nationwide, 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm also a row sponsor. Row Sparks are amazing for guys who wanna boost in the bedroom because they work fast and last long. Listen, we're about to get a little explicit. So you heard it from me. Maybe you heard too much from me how much I love Rose Sparks, but I'm not the only one. These reviews are for grown folks. Only one person said while my wife and I went on vacation for five days. I used roast sparks a couple times and we had fun nine times fun in that week alone. Okay, good. How's I talking about that? What I'm talking about right there. That's him. Another customer said, boom, I'm Superman. I carry roast sparks in my pocket at all times. Full stop. And lastly, someone says, I'm not bragging, but my wife actually tamped out for the First time in years. Cause you the UFC made a give it up if prescribed. You get $15 off your first order of medication to get hard. Connect with a provider, hundred percent online ro co slash Nightcap to find out if Rose Marks are right for you. That's roro co. Co slash Nightcap.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join the Nationwide 5G network today. Now we're in the hotel and when we're on the road moving forward, we're gonna have this really cool Boost mobile sign projections behind us. Ocho, unfortunately Ashby on that bull drive and it didn't arrive. Yeah, you got yours ocho? Yeah. Yeah. And turn it on. Huh? You don't even know how to turn it on, do you? No. Yeah, I figured, I figured it. I figured this.


But God, please make, please make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast wherever you get your podcast from. But while you're doing that, make sure you subscribe and push the like button. Also, guys, thank you so much for your continued support over the last 18, 19 months. You've been incredible and we greatly, greatly appreciate that because UNC and ocho, which is myself and Ocho and Nightcap the family, we couldn't be what we become without you. Your support, your watching, your downloads, your views, man, y'all have shown us so much support. That's why we're able to tour. We are able to sell merch. We're able to, you know, win awards. It's because of you and I can't thank you enough.


And I know I speak for OCHO as well. Absolutely. Make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock. It's time to celebrate Eagles fans, chiefs fans. Now if you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. And guess what? You should be able to have it by Super Bowl Sunday because we know one of these two teams are gonna be celebrating what better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Poitier. Do us a favor, please, Drake, responsible and be safe. Make sure you go follow my media company to all of its platform. That's she, she Media and my clothing company 84, everything just restock, used Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We also drop new beanies in every color.


And we also introduced gift cards available and nominate and, and the nominations from 25 to $500. This takes the guesswork out of it and let someone special pick exactly what they want. Chiefs fans, Eagles fans, any fans that's gonna be in New Orleans. Tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Unfortunately, the VIP meet and greet tickets are officially sold out, but there's still many tickets left to attend the big show. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. We've got some really, really big guests lined up. We're really excited about those guests and so we can't wait to share that information with you guys.


Please make sure you are well. What's that? What you drinking water, man, what's wrong? No, I been you choking. I've been, I've been talking all day. I I taped an episode of Club Shaha today. It's gonna be really, really special. I can't wait for you guys to see this one. Hey, You don't wanna tell us who it is? No. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Award. Nightcap has been nominated for outstanding podcast, art, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated outstanding podcast society and Culture. Please go vote for your favorite guys. UNC ocho. The link is pending Our social bios. Ocho Kelly Moore is in the driver's seat to be the next New Orleans Saints head Coach Moore will be in New Orleans next week, but can't con can't be contacted by the Saints until after the Super Bowl now.


Right. If everything is what we are hearing is true, everybody's just turned this thing down. They're, they're down there a hundred million dollars over the cap. They don't know what they're gonna do. Probably not gonna have a quarterback. And so everybody, most of the coaches will say, look, this job is set up for failure and I can't win with this many, this much money over the cap. Right? I can't win. Probably not gonna have a quarterback. And this is a recipe for failure. For failure. Now you say it's a recipe for failure. First off, I wanna ask a question. We're talk, talking about the quarterback situation. So I'm assuming Derek Carr is going gone now, right? He, His cap, we don know his cap number is $51 million.


Okay? So at at any point understanding the landscape of the NFL and most of the teams already having a quarterback at the helm that they're going to go forward with, does Derek Car consider taking a pay cut to stay with the saints or they they tell them, you know, forget that I'm not taking the pay cut, we're gonna move on. And we got and we go with Spencer Rattlers our starter. They gonna have to make some tough decision. Cam Very tough. Listen, Derrick Harvey wants to play football. He does. I'm sure, I'm sure he is not ready to go anywhere right now. No, no, no. He's not. He's not all. And when you look at some of the, the big dollar ve veterans Cam Jordan, honey Badger, the running back.


Marlon, Tamara. Yeah, Alvin Camaro. I mean they're, they, they just got so they just, they just kicked the can down the road for so long. OCHO trying to go for it. And, you know, you understand, look, you trying to win and I, you can appreciate that. But at some point in time that balloon payment is gonna come due and when the balloon payment comes due, do you have enough money to pay that interest only loan? Right? And it seems like they're not gonna be in that position. Now you are gonna lose a lot of valuable players. You are gonna probably not have a quarterback. Probably have to re the, you know, reshift, this might be a total rebuild, right? You see Cliff Kingsbury took his name out of it. Ben Johnson wouldn't even go.


Aaron Glenn wouldn't even go. You see Mike, it is being reported that Mike McCarthy says he's gonna shift his focus to the 2026 hiring cycle. You see some of the other guys that said nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. So it's gonna be interesting to see. Like I said, Ocho it's just hard when you are, you wanna be a head coach, you know, there's only 32 of these jobs And you never know when the opportunity is gonna present itself again. He's hot right now. Ocho his team, his, the team that he is calling plays for right, is headed to the Super Bowl. But you gotta understand, huh? Listen, Kel Moore, even Kel Moore knows people that understand the game of football also know that the team he's calling and played for have the players to execute the Xs nose, which is why they're successful.


Which is why they're going through the Super Bowl. Listen, if you're a play caller, well God, hell, God damn, it's easy to call plays policeman. You got the damn support and cast and personnel that you do have. Yes, it's easy. And another for one, just start with one position. Just start with the quarterback. You got a quarterback, you got a support and cast. You see, you got, you see who you got, you see who they got in that backfield, right? Saquon, Come on that two Outstanding receivers. Outstanding tight end, top to offensive line in football, a young defense that can fly around to the football. Look at all those first round picks. Jalen Carter. Yes. Jordan Davis, Nolan Smith, Kobe Dean. And you got Darius Slay, you got Mitchell on one side, you got Cooper Deje, you got Blankenship.


I mean, you're loaded. You are, you're absolutely loaded. Yeah. So this is, this is the thing, but understanding, you just said it yourself, the opportunities for head co jobs, they don't come around often enough. Yeah. So why not take the opportunity, even though you understand this might be a real, a rebuilding stage, the owners, the gm, they need to understand we a hundred million dollars over the goddamn camp, we gonna have issues. How much lease and how much leeway are they gonna get Keller Moore to get that team back into Contention, respect, respectability, Where they can compete. How sure would this lease be? You already know how owners and GMs are.


They Patience is very short. Yeah. They think they got throw the money out. They think they got throw a little money out there and that fixes everything. That's not the way it works. It doesn't work. It's Not the way it works. It doesn't work. I'm Hoping, I'm hoping Derek Carr is willing to take a pay cut understanding you've made a tremendous amount of money to date. But if you want, if, if you wanna continue to play the quarterback ion for the New Orleans Saints, we need you to take a friendly pay cut. We upload, we upload a, a incentive package. Yeah. You know, I think those is Like, he tell more and he bunge he bungee jumping without the, without without the goddamn safety cord.


Oh man, I hate, look Kelly Morris probably his whole life when you, you coach most of the time, I'm not gonna say, oh, there's no such thing as all scenario Joe. But I think Kelly Moore for a very long time is wanted to be a head coach. And when you want something so bad and the opportunity presents itself, sometimes it's kind of like, oh, I want to get married, man, I know this woman don't treat me good, but damn I wanna be married. And so I go put myself into a bad situation. I'm saying men, women, it doesn't matter. And sometimes you this re I wanna be in a relationship so bad I get into a relationship with a person that treats me like stir fry. Yes sir. But I wanna be in a relationship even though I know this is not the right relationship for me.


Come on now. And I think Kelly Moore, real deep down Kelly Moore knows this is not a a, a winnable situation with the Yes sir. With the money that they're over the cap with the, the veteran players that they're gonna probably have to release and with the quarterback situation as uncertain that it is, it, it's like, because if you look at it for the most part, ocho you look at that division, baker of Mayfield is entrenched in, in, in Tampa. They seem to have Michael Pennix Atlanta moving to Michael Pennix. And Bryce Young has shown Carolina, I can do it if you give. Oh yeah. If you can protect me and give me some guys to throw the ball to I've shown you, you, I can stand tall, forget my height, my size, I can stand tall.


Yes Sir. But New Orleans, man, this is a very, very tough situation for Kellen Moore because when you wanna be something on your, it's like I wanna be a president or I wanna be vp. Right? But this company like Shannon, you, you know Shannon, that company that ain't the right fit for you, fine. But I wanna be an executive though. They're giving me that opportunity to be something that I've always wanted to be. Yes, sir. And you take that, you take that opportunity and I just hope that in this situation, 'cause like I said, I don't know Kelly Moore, I think he's called him. I mean, you look at, when he was in Dallas, they had top offenses and whatever the case, they weren't able to get it done. He didn't have that level of successes in with the charges out in la.


But he's got, like you said, he's gone there in Philly and it is been the perfect storm. You got a running back. Yeah, that can run. They got an explosive run game. They got an official pass game and they play outstanding defense behind it. And special team, a recipe for success, a recipe that can get you to and potentially win you as a Super Bowl. But that's not what New Orleans has. That's not what it has. And so do you, so would you, if that's Ocho ocho, you gotta, I'm gonna give you an opportunity to be a head coach and New Orleans. New Orleans come knocking in my door.


Yes. All right. Well here tell say knock, knock to me. Alright. Knock, knock. Who's there? It's the New Orleans States brass. If we come to interview you, we'd really like for you to looking for a head coach. And Ms. Gail Benson has instructed me to come down and talk to you and, and hopefully we like what we hear and we can get a job, we can get a deal done today. You know what, looking at the landscape and the, the structure of the team in, in the state that it's in being a hundred million dollars over the cap. I really do appreciate your offer.


Opportunities like this don't present themselves often, especially to minorities. And with the understanding of the only rule, it's, it's been, it's been set in place for a reason. And you guys are asking for me to interview for the job. And by the, the sounds of it, you'd like to hire me, but to me it was, it's more of a dead end. I wouldn't call it a one-way street because we really wouldn't be going nowhere. I appreciate the opportunity, but I would just have to turn this down and, and, and wait for the next coaching cycle or next coaching hiding cycle for that matter. With all due grace, I thank you for the opportunity, but I can't take this job. Are are you telling us?


No, I mean, for the lack of better words than everything. I I said it's all summed up. Fuck no, You gotta regret this. You f you FA ho you're gonna regret this Ochocinco I gave you an opportunity of a lifetime. You black B oh, you know what? Tell you what, you'll never work a day in the NFL again. I promise you that. We're gonna see to it that you don't get a bleeping job. You hear me? You ungrateful and great. You have a great day. I was, Hey listen, I was, I was very professional, but everything you just said is probably, if I was to turn it down as somebody that looks like me internally, that is probably exactly what they would say.


But hey, I felt that that was a great professional answer. You did a great job.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members. FDIC spot me Eligibility requirements in overdraft limits apply Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out of network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin Tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding world of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts perky, That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Longtime NFL head coach Chuck Pagano is coming out of retirement to join the Raven Staff as their senior secondary coach. It's a reunion for John Harbaugh who hired Pagano to his first staff in 2008, 17 years later. Pagano now 64 years of age is back in Baltimore. I think he came in and and filled in a little bit last year. Started happening like Midseason because they were kind of sc struggling in past defense. We know he was a, a outstanding defensive coordinator. He parlayed that into the job at an Indy, Did an unbelievable job there. He, I think they went to the, I think they went to the playoffs a couple of times. I think he was there with luck, if I'm not mistaken. Don't you? I think he was there.


Yeah, he was there with luck because he ended up getting sick, having to step away and Bruce VA ended up filling in and they ended up winning, you know, coach of the year, so forth like that. But do you like that Chuck Pagano is coming back to try to offer some assistance to do whatever they can to get the Ravens to the Super Bowl? Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. And when you think about it, the Ravens defensively were in the bottom half of the league, you know, statistically in, in almost all categories through the first half of the season. Yes. But on the goddamn defense, especially the secondary, which, which you could, you could, you can take advantage of at the beginning of the season midway through.


I don't know what happened, I don't know. They had a a coming to, coming to a wait, next exhale moment. The second half of the season, the goddamn defense would damn near top, top of the league in almost every statistical category they had gotten very good. So having Chuck Ano come in and, and do what he can do from a defensive standpoint and getting them right would be, would be great. Where they can play a little bit more consistently throughout the entirety of the season. Right. Listen, if I'm not mistaken, the Ravens only lost what, four or five games? Something like that? Yeah, I think they, I think they lost five games. You count six when they lost, they lost the regular the to. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So I mean, when you think about it, if you can improve that defense where at one point it used to be their identity, I think the Ravens have moved away from that.


Where their defense was their, where their was their identity. Obviously Lamar Jackson, the running game and Derrick Kennedy has taken over, but I I think it would be good where they can play balanced football on both sides of the ball. I I think they'd be dangerous, but obviously defense is not why they lost though. We, we could start there. Defense is not why they lost in the playoffs. We, we, we know what happened. I don't wanna revisit that again. But in the biggest moments, there are mistakes that you can't make. Yeah. You can't beat the, the Ravens beat themselves. I'm not putting it on one specific play at all. I'm not putting on one specific play, you know, but in big games like that, when you're playing another team that are just as good as you we're tapping to B Buffalo, you can't beat yourself.


The team that makes the fewest mistakes wins the game. And that's the same thing. The same thing that's gonna happen. Super Bowl Sunday, super Bowl Sunday, right? Yeah. Super Bowl Sunday. You got to minimize your mistakes and your turnovers and that goes that start that score that start with the quarterback play. You are absolutely right because you, you, you put your defense in a bad spot. You turned them all over three times. You put your defense in a bad spot. Look at the teams Washington. They got blown out. They turned the ball over four times. You gave up 28 points on that. Fortunately for the chiefs, they turned the ball over soon.


Early enough in the game. They were over the overcome it. But if you look at the chiefs, if you look at what they've done, they've had one turnover in nine weeks. Yeah. You win a lot of games on yo taking care of the football. Yes sir. You can't win until you learn not to beat yourself. You win by not losing. I don't need to win the game. I just don't need to lose it. Lose it. Yeah. Don't beat yourself. Don't, don't turn the ball over. Don't put the defense in harm's way. Don't let them score on your possessions. It's hard enough to score when you got the ball Right. But now you letting teams score on your possessions or you, you shortening your possessions. You turn it over on first down, you turn them on second down. Now you don't even get an opportunity to get a third down.


You turn the ball over in the red zone. Now you don't get an opportunity to get points out of it. There's a host of reasons and you know, look, I I I'll give John Harbaugh and I give that Ravens brass credit because they're like, okay, it's leaking over here. Let's, let's plug this, let's do this, let's do that. But at some point in time, you just gotta play mistake three football that it is cost you the last two years, Ocho, if I'm not mistaken, they got to turn the ball over six times. Three in the a FC championship, three in the divisional round. That's six turnovers. Yep. It's hard because the further you go along, the more equal the teams are to you. Yep. So Now you turn the ball over, you playing somebody that's equal and you make mistakes.


Now you allow them to get a leg up on you. So they're just gonna have to do a better job of protecting the football. I don't think it was deep. Yes. They gave up 27 points. Okay, but you gave up 27, but you put the ball in harm's way three times and you allow them, Carol, you you, you can't be careless with the football. Lamar let one get away. He sailed it. The guy broke it towards the sideline. He flattened it out. Lamar threw it high. Andrew's got one Got it. Punched out. Can't turn it over though, Joe. You just can't. Yeah, I think did they have three turnovers or two turnovers in that game? Andrews fumble. Lamar, Lamar, BLE pick.


Oh, and Lamar Bumble. Remember Ocho remember he tried to, he tried to grab it. Scramble. Scramble. Yeah. Ball got, they stacked ball over his head. And then he tried to, you know, reach down and pick it up and it and squirted away from him. And Vaughn Miller scoop it up. So you Right, they had three, they had three turnovers. They just needed to do a better job of protecting the football ocho that if I could tell them anything, take care of the football and see what happens. If you go back and look Lamar's game in the playoff, you look at the Ravens in the playoffs, they turn the ball over far more in the playoff time than they do on average in the regular season. You're right. And when you Turn it over like that, you're going to get beat because these teams that make the playoffs are really good.


And from the wild card to the divisional round, that's a better team from the divisional round to the championship game, that's the better team. And so when now you give them extra possessions, you turn the ball over, you let them score, you don't score because you get in the red zone and you turn it over. Ojo. That's a recipe for getting your butt kicking, going home and say, what do we do? How, how do we get over the hump? But I, I like, I like it. I like it though. Chuck Ano go in there. He and you, you look at the personnel he has to, to work with Wiggins very nice. Had a very, very, very good season. Humphreys coming back. Kyle Hamilton, who's the real deal.


Yeah. You know, yes. I, I, I, Kyle Hamilton's a real deal. So him working with that defense, Quan, I'm trying to think else. Oh, duke, Kyle, duke, I can't met with met a Bre. Hey, you know, he, he going, he we gonna have some good stuff to work with. So I, I'm even as a bango, I'm excited. Kyle Vanoy had an outstanding year. He was on one though, right? Calvin Vannoy is coming. I think, I think he was ocho I think he was. Yeah. The big guy Pierces to run stuff from. But he got the interception he could took Hey next ain that thing to the house, bro. And Hey, you don't, hey, you don't get them, you don't get them off in there. Nah. Hell nah. And and He said he caught that thing and was like Uhuh.


He thought about it. O Joe. He took it like two hard quick one. He like, hold on, I ain't gone, I ain't took but two yards. Oh that's another 70. Oh lemme go and hold this thing. Hold up. Oh y'all come on. He slid that thing down Real Quick. Put his head up, made his stuff up. Hey. Went straight to the oxygen. Sneak on the sideline. Well he definitely, Hey, if he ran all the way to the end zone, he'd have been done. Ain't no way he coming back in that game. Mojo. There's zero chance he would've come back in that game if he'd have took that to the house. Zero. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh, Joe Fox has sold more than 10 Super Bowl commercial spots for over $8 million.


The record price tag is up from just seven. From 7 million just a year ago. Fox said it sold out its inventory for this year's game in November of 2024. Blame supply and demand for the increase last year game set a viewership record of 123 million people watching CBS and streaming services according to Nielsen ocho. 30 seconds, eight mil. It's worth it. It's worth, you know, people have to understand how many eyes are watching, you know, not just here in the States but globally. A billion, Probably billion for sure. Watching the Super Bowl. So this is very, this is one of the best ways to market and brand whatever you have going on.


And obviously the entities that are able to afford the price point for that 32nd commercial or already big. I think what it comes into, what it comes up to now when we talk about Super Bowl commercials creativity. Mm Oh yeah. How can, how can we capture the eye and captivate the individual watching the viewer in 30 seconds? And you do that with creativity. 'cause what's one thing that we always get excited about comes Super Bowl commercial commercials. Co Yeah. We always wanna remember the commercials. If it's not the Clyde Dales, the Clyde Dales with the Dalmatian, the Doritos commercial Doritos has always been good. The car commercial. Remember they had the frog, the blood y Yeah.


The Bud Brought about. Yeah. Yeah. You know, hey, gotta do something to catch the like Yeah. And it and it, And I think, can you hear me now? Yeah. And it, it's just a continuation. And So you are absolutely right. You're right. It's worth it. It's only 30 seconds. I think God's trying, you try to position it in a situation where like, people remember it, right? Because it's so, oh Joe, it's so many, Right? It's so many what I mean probably what, 200 spots? Yeah. And they hey, they gonna get 'em. Hey, they stop at every, everything. Hey can, can you pretend like you injured injured so we can run to get to this commercial?


Yeah. Hey. Because it all, anything and all because ain you ain't gonna see a whole lot of this. Hey, we going, wow, you gonna see a lot of this Yeah. With the arms gloves on and listen for, for those entities and brands that are, that, that, that can afford those 30 seconds, creativity is the biggest thing. Creativity. How can I draw the viewer in the eyes in and make them remember this 30 seconds. Yes, you're Absolutely right. That's a phenomenal job at it. Budweiser does a phenomenal job at it because you talk about those commercials after seeing them for 30 seconds and hoping they come on again And they rate 'em and then, you know, the next day you go, okay, what best commercial this was the best commercial.


Would it be this car, this car entity or the babies, the Bud Bowl there? There's always something that you're gonna have a rating and people are gonna judge which one did you like the best? What's the commercial that you remember the most? Right. And you're absolutely right. I remember when Macintosh, what was that, 1984 Apple. That was it. So yeah, the commercials, that's a big part of it. Commercial in the halftime show come. Yeah. Only two fan bases are happy Ocho my my teammate in there, your team. You know what I'm saying? And so what, what do I gotta look for with your commercials And halftime. And halftime. Yeah. You right, you right about that.


Bill Belichick wants the Super Bowl trophy named after Tom Brady Belichick proposed the idea on renaming the iconic Super Bowl trophy. Let's go podcast saying they don't name it after they don't, they don't name it the Star Trophy. They name it the Lombardi Trophy. Maybe they should name it the Brady Trophy. What do you think O Joe? I like it. I like it for what Tom Brady's been able to accomplish, arguably the greatest quarterback of all time. But it just sounds something about Vince Lombardi. Lombardi, It just, it is different as great as, as great as Brady was. Vince Lombardi, it just, it it just, it fits so much better.


Yeah, it fits much better. Maybe there can be another, another award, you know, for quarterback play throughout the entirety of the season. Well, I'll tell you what you do. Name the Super Bowl MVP trophy after him. Bingo. Now that's better Name the super, the Super Bowl mv the, to break this, this year's Tom Brady Award winner is Jalen Hertz. Oh, Seon Barkley, Patrick Mahomes, yada yada yada. It's just like they named what the championship trophy, the, the most final the, the finals after Bill Russell. Right. Okay, fine. Got no problem with that. You named the Eastern Conference Most valuable player in the Eastern Conference finals after Larry Bird.


Maggie Johnson got the other one. Kobe Bryant has the All-star game. MVP. Right. Okay. If you wanna name a, you wanna name a trophy. I got no problem with it. I don't think, I don't think you can name the MVPI mean I don't think you named the the the league because what in in the NBA you got the Larry O'Brien Award. That's the trophy Super Bowl. Obviously you got the Lombardi Award. But nah, I, I agree. I think Tom Brady seven MVPs the Super Bowl MVP right. To be named after Tom Brady. I got no qualms with that. None whatsoever. Yeah. As a matter of fact, I'm advocating Coach be checkouts. We stole your idea and we came up with one better.


We gonna push it. We gonna push it. We gonna, Yeah, we actually do. We don't have enough trophies for named after the defensive player of the year. That should be LT award That hey that's another the one. Sure. The, the the the most dominating def defender of all time. Yeah, I mean, I mean I, I, you know, you I I would, like I said, I wouldn't have no problem. I mean it is gonna be probably hard 'cause people gonna look at L LT off the field. So that's probably one of the things that's preventing it. But I think universally he's regarded as the best defender in NFL history. You don't get no argument from me having, you know, I was in his era.


I remember lt, remember Reg didn't played against, I played, you know, I didn't play against LTLT was injured the year that we would've, that we faced him and he was injured. Right. But I played against lt, not Lt, I played against Brucey, played against Reggie rest his soul time. Ray, whomever you think dt whatever you think the best defensive players are, especially in that era, era I played against him. But Lt watching Lt taking LT LT off on tape and watching him as a young, you know, growing up OCHO Yeah. Different he made because he was the only guy that made two position famous. He made the left tackle and the rush and the rush, the rush linebacker rush in whatever you wanna call it, made him famous.


Yeah. Yeah. Everybody, everybody had to go get that guy. All the, the TJ Watts, the Vaughn Millers, the DeMarcus Wares, the Sean Merriman Merri, the Derek Thomas'. Yeah. Where you think that came from? Yeah. Okay. You needed somebody to block those guys. Right. So you got the Georgia Cols and the Jim La Shave and the Walter Jones and the, and all those guys. You got those. That's why you got 'em. The Jonathan Hos. That's why you got them Trent Williams. That's why you got those guys. The Gary Zimmermans. Right. Because if you couldn't, if you didn't have one of them, you couldn't deal with the LT and you couldn't beat the Giants.


Right. So you had to go get, so he made two positions famous because you had to block him on one side and you wanted a guy, guy on the other side that was like, that guy that could bend that edge, that could turn speed to power. And it wasn't good enough to get the quarterback on the ground. I need this ball. Get you on the ground. Don't do this. Don't have the same meaning if I take this ball from your ass from Oh yeah. Get and guess what you saw, chop. Now whatever Defend, do Ocho chop chop every time I need the ball you got. Damn you. Because a lot of times Ocho, if I just knock the ball out your hand, I get a sack and I can get the ball.


If I just take you down, you hold to the ball. I, okay. I need to SI like the sack, I want that ball. I wanna create that turnover. I want to create that momentum changing plate. Take it from Yeah. Give our offense extra, extra, extra offensive series. Yes, yes. But if Tom Brady, if they were, if they were to take a poll and says the sub bowl MVP is named after Brady. Hey, as a matter of fact, do it right now. Tom politic hell, you and Peyton politic to get them balls that you have more access to the balls and y'all rub 'em down and have 'em all looking all ugly like the balls, they been using them balls 40 years. Or Joe, we had the ball, that damn thing come fresh, damn near, fresh out the pack.


Hey Tom Brady, this year's Tom Brady Award winner is, that'd be pretty cool. That man just retired. He got a, got a, got a, you know, got a a, an award named after and he should, I mean, you win, you win as much as he's won. He's won five MVPs, super Bowl MVPs, he's won seven Super Bowls. What else? I mean, what else do you want from, from, from him? The only thing he hadn't won is, is Walter Peyton Man of the year. Yeah, It makes sense. And that's because he probably didn't want that. But I, I wouldn't have a, I would not have a problem with if they were to name, I don't think you, I don't mean personally Ocho and I don't know what you think about this.


I don't think we changed Lombardi. No. It's too iconic and you know, I mean, but they don't have a name for the Super Bowl MVP. So Tom is the Yeah, that's, that's who would make it perfect Because you gave you, you put Bill Russell on the, on the finals MVP because he won the most, who won the most Super Bowls. Right. You know what, when I think about it too, we, we talking about the idea of changing it. Who's responsible for giving the greed life for that? Is it a team of people? Is it in, is it an individual? Yeah. That that's, that's something The commissioner, I mean the commissioner could do it. I, as far as I know, Yeah.


Okay. It's a great idea. I mean, talking to the commission, I don't see if I, I mean I'm obviously, I'm gonna see the commission when I, when I'm down there in New Orleans, I'm, I'm just going, I'm gonna put a bug in his ear. I know he is heard about it. I just wanna know his thoughts on it. Who, who heard about it? The commission. Yeah. I'm saying tall. I'm sure he has, you know, anytime, anytime something like that is, is said by someone like a Bill Belichick word has gotten back, not just to to to to the commission but to everybody. To everybody. Response has to say in changing a name to a MVP trophy, it's gotten back to We heard about it.


Yeah. And yeah, that'd be interesting. That'd be interesting to see. I mean, maybe you put it to the vote maybe commissioner say, Hey guys, what you think guys think the owners ask the owners, right. But who wanna sponsor it? Y'all got somebody got, somebody got $10 million to sponsor it and, and the whatever the, the GMC Super Bowl, MVP, the top radio award winner is X because hey, they gonna put somebody gonna be sponsoring it now. So, you know, just So you know, somebody gonna be sponsoring.


Absolutely. And they should, but I think Tom Brady would be the rightful owner. It would be the right name to put on the Super Bowl. MVP trophy, the Tom Brady Award. I like it. Yeah. They like it. They wouldn't, they wouldn't have any troubles getting a sponsor, especially to put behind that. No, definitely wouldn't. And I like it. I mean, you know, it gonna be tough for him to get down, to get down from the booth if he's calling the game to get down there at time. 'cause he, unless it's a blowout on Cho. Right. But for the most part, and he's young enough, it's something that, I mean, the, the thing is, is that I wish we could have seen, seen Mr. Russell do it for about 40 years.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL, we're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run. What's up everybody? I'm Nam Berk here today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL.


Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki, That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from IHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey.


Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be quite the right. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB starting on February 4th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But this will be a, this will be a great opportunity to whoever, obviously you can't do it this year, but I think moving forward, so Coach Belichick, thank you for the idea, but I think Ocho and I idea is gonna get is is the one that's more likely gonna happen. He's gonna get his name on the MVP trophy and not, and the Super Bowl MVP trophy and not the, the, the, the winning team that, not the, the Lombardi Award because that Lombardi is iconic. You know, I mean, you know what it is. It's almost like the Heisman when you see it, you know what it is. Yeah. It's like Definitely I think me What do you think the most recognizable trophy is? Ocho? The fifa.


The, the fifa, the Heisman, the Lombardi, the World Series Trophy. The Larry O'Brien Award. The Stanley Cup. The Stanley Cup is is is a Lord Stanley? Yes. Yes. Stanley. I I mean Stanley that'd be interesting. What, what do you think the most the, is it the Baylon, what is it, how you say it? Baylon Baur. Balon Baur, Okay. Yeah. What do you think the most recognizable trophy is? Oh my goodness. That's a good question. I think if you say if you stay in the USA I say you probably say Heisman of the Lombardi. Yeah.


Yeah. Probably, probably, probably Heisman of the Lombardi. But if you go, If you take it globally. Oh, Lon Lon Lewis Baylon. Yeah, absolutely. Bigger than, more than Stanley Cup. Yeah. Hell yeah. Okay. They need to win what they need to do. They need to do like the Stanley Cup, like everybody from the winning team get the cup for a day. They need to let everybody get the, in the, the Super Bowl, the, the Lombardi for a day Party For a day. Yeah. Man, somebody gonna mess it up. Well Bro, already done put a dent in it. So, so, but yeah, they, they, somebody should every, all, all team the, everybody should get the players should get to keep the, the trophy for a day.


Yeah, that'd be dope. But it ain't like Stanley Cup 'cause you can drink out of it. Them kids. I been, ain't no telling what they all done to that. They probably drank out of it. Somebody else probably do some, some something else to it.


But I tell you what they should do. Roast sparks need to get me an award. Who won that Spark Award? Hey, hold, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Come on man. What that I I've been, I've been asking about some roast sparks for now. For what? For for months. Now I Have, you gotta ocho ocho you got, you got to order 'em because you know they gotta make sure you ain't got no underlying condition because you know you gotta have a strong heart.Wait, I I, I got a strong heart. Nah, we gotta ask you some questions. You know you not supposed to take other people medicine. I know, but what kind of questions they gonna ask me? How about, How about I don't go fill out the questionnaire. Go to row sparks.com/ Nightcap Rose Sparks do com. Hold on slash Nightcap. You got, got, you got so on you right now. Oh. Oh what is it? Ash. Okay. Okay. row.co/camp. Absolutely. Okay. I'm saying you got some of you right now. Y Do. Well I have a question. Can you send me like two of 'em?No, you got to fill out the questionnaire OCHO and you trying to cut into my stand. Well I ain't trying to cut into your staff, but I'm trying to understand what type of questions they gonna, they gonna ask me that and that's kind of Personal. If you feel like go go to row co slash Nightcap and you pull it up. Right. Hey ocho, you see all those, remember back in the sixties they had the water fountains, right? Whites only. You go to the di diners and movie theaters whites only. Right? Right. My sparks Shannon Dingling only say, Well lemme tell you. So lemme tell you. So I know that you talk about it in the sixties when it was whites only, you know? Yeah. But when I was in kindergarten, when I was in kindergarten, kindergarten there was something that we learned on the first day of school. The first day of school, my teacher came in and she wrote on a board sharing is caring, I don't care. That's When the first things you learn in kindergarten sharing is caring. So if you have something, why not allow me to experience it and see what it can do for me before I decide to order it. When you go to, when you go buy a car, before you buy the car, you test drive it. Why can't I test the product like they used to do in American gangster with Blue Magic? Then, you know, then when that come time to, I done show change. You, I done sent you three today. I, I'm going through, looking through all my stuff, man. Oh, whoa, whoa. Hold on. I didn't even ask for three. I just said, Mm. What all that on it something do. So you cho all do something to yo cho. Damn that, that's messed up, man. That's messed up The wind blow. Hey, the wind blow, you had attention. Hey, hey, like you 21. Right, right, right. Ain't like, you know, you wake up in the morning o your, that phar. Yeah. Oh yeah. Ain a feeling. Oh yeah. I, Hey, listen, I, I remember the days, you know, you Tell you, oh, I'm sleep, so, hey Ojo, you know what I'm saying? Ojo that right there. That's right there. Where you gonna put that at? She said, she said, Oh, Joe. She said, I can't take all that said baby, take what? You can Take what? Take What you can. Hey, hey. Yeah, I'm gonna work with you. Come on, dad. Hey, I take, take what you can. I, Hey, boy. Yeah. Hey, some good. Hey, I, I bring back some good memories, man. Back, back in the days, man. Yeah, yeah. I been, I'm sorry. It, listen, it, it ain't listen ain it ain't the same, it ain't the same like it was when I was, you know, I was in my twenties and my thirties, bro. You, you think you your twenties and thirties, I promise you. I promise you. I mean, you, you know, as, as, as a, as a cohost, as a partner, as a, as a, as a friend, as two people that are in business. I mean, I, I, you, you would think I, I mean I obviously, I would think, you know, we, we, we were in a, we in a great space where, man, you got to try it easy. You would actually sense some to me so I could experience it for myself. So I can be able to come on and, and tell, listen, this is what Rose Sparks did for me With it Rose Sparks dissolve under your tongue for faster results. And by results I mean downstairs place gentlemen place, plus they last up to 36 hours OCHO 36. 36. So when you get turned on, it'll show, find out if a prescription for row sparks are right for you at row.co/ Nightcap ro.co/ Nightcap.


Now, do I put any kind of code in for, for a discount or, Hey, that code you put in is o your on one tonight. That's the code ocho boy, that balcony action. I'm just saying. Yeah. Hey, hey. She come in the room. You do it just like this on show with it. Hey, I mean, you about to find out. You about to find out exactly what this is. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna try, I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try that. I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna order, I'm order doing this show. Yeah. Cold is Nightcap on your, that's the code Nightcap. Oh, Hold on, hold on. Matter of fact, you know what, man, forget it.


I'm, let me spend some money, man. Let me spend some money and start being cheap, man. Yeah. Whoa. ro.com Ro.co/ Nightcap Ro.co/lemme see if this okay. Oh, you right, you on that too? Yeah, I'm on that. You know What? Oh, look. I look, look what it says. The, the start out. Okay. I like this. I like the, this is going, what are your goals for having better sex? Better, better erections last longer, more confidence in bed long.


I'm gonna just strong Down to get the friction on. I'm gonna just put all of the above. All the above. Okay. What is your primary goal for improving IEX Jones? Oh, treat consistent. Yeah, I don't have no problem with that. I'm gonna just make up something enhanced overall sexual performance. Okay, I'm trying to get my title back, back shot key. Hold on. There it is. How, if ever have you tried to improve? Never, never, never tried treatment. Okay, we got you covered long lasting. Okay. More confidence in bed.


Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, look at that. Unlock $15 off on your first order. Plus free shipping. Yes. Free shipping. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I don't assume about, oh boy, somebody, Finn, to get this word. Why you hear me? I can't see. Damn. I agree, I agree to terms unlock, continue. Okay. This, this is easy. Okay. Okay. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm still waiting to see the price, so I'm trying to see how much these things gonna be. See if it's in the budget, I promise you once you get it, she'll pay for.


Okay. You know what I'm saying? Don't yo, It's like that. Yeah. She'll pay for them. You, Hey, you had, Hey Ojo, you had a girl. You haven't had that one. She said, well baby, I need to get a wax. Hey, tell me what it is. What's your Venmo, what's your cash app? I got you now I got that too. What? Yeah, it's okay. I'm putting my phone number in now. Hold on. Ojo Logan Paul says someone jacked his watches worth over $300,000 and he's on the hunt for whoever jacked his expensive watches from the luggage during a recent trip.


He believes someone from TSA agents with sticky fingers are behind it. He told his brother, Jake, he no longer in possession of the 50 mile, $50,000. Forget he gifted him for Christmas. It got stolen at the airport. I have reasons to believe someone opened my bag during TSA and nabbed it. What you think O Joe, That's probably what happened. That's probably what happened. And the thing about it, when I think about the airport, I think about TSA, if you're going through, I, I would, I would hope, you know, you didn't, you didn't check the the the buck, the baggage do Downstairs. Yeah, well, TSA Yeah, I, I'm thinking like, you know, if It tts a they have cameras, they have cameras everywhere.


They have cameras everywhere. Especially when you're going through ts a So you can see if someone actually went in there. So he needs to go back and ask the airport for the footage, you know? And, and, and see and see who got his, see his God goddamn watch. Wow. That's just crazy though. Yeah, man, you gotta, yeah, you gotta, you gotta be, you gotta be careful Ocho you, you really gotta be careful. I mean, man, look here, like you always say there's god forsake of the car economy and people looking for the come up, they're looking for the, the quick link. Oh yeah. They try to get a lick and keep it moving. Oh Yeah. And kind hard. You heard me? Yeah. I just hate that time Times very difficult, That difficult don't you?


But there's some people, you know, you people just gotta stop thinking that certain jobs are beneath them. Man ain't running no fast food. You Crazy, right? Man, I ain't doing no construction. That hard ass work is hot. It's cold. Right? One Bro, it's a job. I unfortunately, I'm sorry. All the CEO positions are field, unfortunately, you know what I'm saying? All the CMOs and CFOs and all those VPs and all those exec, their field. So, you know, you're probably gonna have to start your way at the bottom and work your way to the top. Right. This, this is the thing about it too. Also, when I think about it too, uncle, everybody, especially in today's era, they want instant gratification. You know, they wanna take all the shortcuts they want, they want instant, they want, they want fast money.


Everybody wanna be a boss, but nobody wanna put the work in. Yeah. Nobody put the work in and do the work that it takes to become actually that You notice. Don't you, you notice everybody wanna be a boss, but don't nobody wanna be told what to do. They want to tell somebody what to do, but can't nobody tell them ish. Huh? So how did that work? At some point in time, everybody had to be told something what to do, how to do it, when to do it right. You don't, you wanna buy, you wanna skip that step and go straight to the step where you telling everybody, you bossing everybody.


I'm a boss. Yeah, Man. I ain't look the the one thing I can honestly say to anybody that's ever, that I've ever worked for can tell you I ain't never had a problem with hard work and never, but I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna have no problem with hard work either. But I, I done got where I need to get to now, now I'm exploring the treatment options that I can take. Okay? Yeah. If you put it up on it tongue, it's gonna dissolve. It's gonna dissolve in about 10 minutes, five minutes after that. Good to go.


Okay. Okay. Here we go. Here we go. You can even eat. You could eat if you want to. Don't even, they don't even know I like mine on the empty stomach. 'cause I want that blood to be used for one thing, not digestion. You know what I'm no John, that's just me. I mean, you, you do however you want to do, but I'm just telling you about me. Oh, show. Well, we got a very special guest. Alright. We gotta, we, we gotta we gotta pivot. We gotta, we gotta, we gotta do something special. We got a very special guest join us. We got a three time WWBC Champ at the super middle weight. He's 29 and oh 24 by KO joining us now.


David been a vds. Yay. Oh, let, trying to get, he trying to get, he trying to get logged on. Is he close? Ash Bear with us chat. He's trying to, he's trying. He might be like me, you know, not as tech savvy and so we thought we had him logged. We thought we had him logged in, but I'm excited.


David Beta is the three time WBC champ at the sup at super middle way 29 and old record 24 by K. Oh yeah. He takes on his next competitor, next opponent is David Morrell. David, David Morrell the Mexican monster. I'm still, I'm still, I'm still, I'm still waiting to spar. I mean, I've been asking David to get in that thing and you know, go to work. Gimme Would you, we wanna move on and come back, Ash. All right.


Ocho, Middlebury D three Center, Thomas Perry has been one of the biggest stock up guys at the East West shrine through three days. Yeah. Check out these dominant reps. He's six foot five, 310 pounds against Georgia, dt, Warren Brisson. Lemme see that. Lemme see that. Oh my goodness. Oh, you see that footwear? Oh, he signed down. Oh, he sit down. Oh, that way down on, you see, hey. Oh, you saw when he, hey, he see watch you watch, watch how he sit down. Watch. You know what you sit down on him? Yeah. See He down on Go watch, Sit down.


There you go. Down it Hip son, drop your Hips. Hey, that was, that was nice. That was nice. Very important. What a lot of people can't see at the point of attack. He getting them hands inside. Not only does he get them hands inside, he keeping the goddamn feet alive when left. Right. And once he, once you, once he anchor down, once he dropped that ankle down, Got him nice. I like that. He got a nice wide base so the guy can nice wide base. What they call wide. Yep. Tee-up him over, sir. Killed him one way or another, sir. If his feet, if his base gets too narrow, I can tee up you one way or another. Look at his base, look how wide his base is. That's good foot work Now watch out. Watch out. He did, he's inside. Sit down on him.


He tried to bully you. Sit down, you see the defensive lineman, he's trying to press it. So you gonna try to bully him, anchor down on this thing. Sit down. Right, right, right on it. Drop anchor on Me. That's good technique. Good fundamentals. Awesome. Awesome. Good. Ians hey, he got whoever, whoever his, his coach is, they did a hell of a job, hell of a job And maybe, and maybe he went to, you know, the college season for a lot of these guys have been over for an extended period of time. Now I don't know what his financial situations are, but you know, they got coaches just like they got wide receiver coaches. They got running back coaches and quarterback coaches. That's sir, they got Guy. I know Willie, big Willie, you know Willie Willie Anderson.


Oh, hey, what? Hey, big, big Willie the real deal now. But Big Willie has a, the Willie Anderson offensive Lineman. Yeah. Officer Lineman Academy, you know, and Big Willie is is one of the, one of the first, I, I forgot what the technique is called. One hand. I don't know how to say it right. I know some of the terminology, not all of it. But Willie has some techniques that he does teach and obviously listen, he's, he's up, speaking of Big Willie, he's up for the Hall of Fame. He as, as a finalist. I'm hoping. Yes. I'm hoping next year, man. He's, he's one of the best right. Tackles to ever played. Yeah. I've been him for, for, for a while now. So, I mean, and that's What Dang. And that's the thing, mocho, you know, you got deep people that d like Chuck Smith, I don't know if you know Chuck, Chuck from Georgia went to, I think Chuck went to Tennessee, had some great years at Atlanta.


Pass rush specialist. Teach guys how to use the hey wax on, wax off, know how to staff, hey, know how to rip, get skinny. You know, there's a lot, there's a lot more to it. People like, oh man, he got a sack. But you don't understand what goes into it. There's a ass rushing. Yeah. An a it's an absolute arc and it's a beautiful thing when you see that guy and he, hey, he doing this. He look, go back and study Aaron Donaldo and look at, look at Aaron Donald's doing this. All he wants to do. He, Hey, show me what you going to do if you get careless. He going, woo, get skinny. And he, he fired you. Go back and look at that, that play that he made at the end against Cincinnati and the Super Bowl, bowl show.


That joke got skinny. And boy, when he got skinny got through there, he beat that edge and he was a a Mm as hell. Listen and we, we got Ben Nvidia coming up next, but when I, when we, when I think about when Officer Lineman playing, when I think about defensive lineman play and people don't understand the small intricacies that make the plays outside of this, they just see a guy just running forward and using You're absolutely right Frank. There's so much technique to it. And the, and then the, the entire body has to be in unison. Yes. With all the moves making It's like dancing. Right? It's just like dancing. No, the, the better you are, everything has to be in, in, in one slew motion.


Being able to counter what you see in a split second. Yep. In a split second. And when you, and when you do it the right way, it's such a beautiful thing to see. It's a, it's a work of art Man. When you see those guys, they have a drill where they call it run the circle and they have that big old circle and the guys and they just run it riding around and they lead it. You lean. Yeah. Go back and look at dt. Go back and look at Bruce Lee Brucey was the biggest guy. Miles Garrett reminds me a lot of Brucey. A guy his side that can bend a lot of these guys. Ben like That. I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because you look at I think probably Miles probably what, 6 5, 6, 4 and a half. Six five. Probably 2 75.


So he probably a little smaller than Brucey. Brucey was the best guy, guy that size that could bend like a little guy. Right. D Key had, you know, had had that flexibility. Vaughn Miller another had a gum, but he was like almost double, double jointed that he could just like Be in. Huh. You know, who was, is pretty good. Who had a, a unbelievable toolbox when it came to the deepest in especially a great, you know, he'd get you going one way and he spin, spin back underneath free or he could over top of you. Dwight Freeney. Yeah. That was his that that was Free's thing he gonna put in at some point in time. He going now he ain't gonna do it early.


He gonna set you up. He gonna put you in the spin cycle though. You gonna get it. Yeah. Yeah. He gonna set you up. Yeah. And he do it so quick. 'cause he hit that inside shoulder and when he hit it, he do this. So now boom. Hey, and club his way through with the elbow. Come on through. There he coming, he coming back around with it. The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us joining with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts and you will be glad you did.


What's up everybody? Adnan Ard type of a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and an ad's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with V and Demur and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.