
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


When you choose to earn your degree online From Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SNH hsu.edu today to get started.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots the turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Hi, it's the Herd. I'm partnering with PayPal. Turn Black Friday into Stack Friday in the PayPal app. Find tons of cashback offers To stack on top of Black Friday deals from your favorite brands. All you gotta do is check out with PayPal online. Now that's a stack. Don't just pay PayPal Check offers in the app for details. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options, terms and exclusions apply.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, Casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Hey swish, you gonna have to learn when OCHO shooting your hot lie. You. Yeah, you'll feel him out as as time goes on. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Time Out before you finish the introduction. I'm not lying a ask the game. I was on the game team at Drew League in LA in den. I dropped 32. Why am I how you, how you get to be 56? Is you born in 78? No, I'm okay. I'm now he asked me my age. He talking Listen, he he asked me can we go wrong? Lemme finish this intro man. We getting it here. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Night Camp. I am your favorite up she the shark. Bottom right, he's your favorite. 85. He's from Liberty City.


He's a bingo ring of Fame honoree. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro. He's Chad Ocho Seco Johnson. But just call him Mocho. The guy in the bottom left is our new correspondent. He's our new cohost. We got a tripod now. He is switched two NBA championships, one of the great three point shooters in NBA history. The guy that was heat checking the moment he stepped into the game, y'all know him. A wine connoisseur, a golfie pheno got that, got into the game late but he's playing at an awful lot now and he is getting better and better. My brother told me to tell you when you want some of that smoke. Just let him know. Nah, I've been looking for him since Memphis. I ain't gonna lie, I've been looking for it since, since Memphis.


We played it St. Jude a couple years back. He won the John. I said, nah, I, I won't smoke with him. He was talking cold trash too at the little reception. Got his trophy stood up there, poked his chest out. I said, oh, That's JR Swish. Thank you guys again, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. we want to thank you guys. The support that we've s received over the last 16, 17 months has been incredible because without you, there can be no Nightcap. There can be no Unc, ocho, and swish joining the table.


So thank you so very, very much for your support and your continued support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have an abundance in stock, the holidays Thanksgiving, right around the corner, Christmas and New Year's. And we want you to have a very, very festive holiday season. And what better way is to enjoy it with a bottle of shade by La Portier. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, you can reach out and order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. And do us one more favor, please make sure you drink responsibly. Please go follow She my media company on all this platform. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


We dropped T-shirts last month. I was held when I was, well I'll lie for you before I lie to you. We have black Nightcap hoodies and we have a stay with me now hoodie. And of course our best sellers are the Unc and OCHO tees. They've become, they've become so popular ocho, they wanted them in black and now we dropped those last within like the last two weeks. We drop the on and Ocho teeth in black quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. And we thank you for your support. The game tonight. The Cavaliers got back onto the winning track after dropping a game last night to the Boston Celtics. They beat the pelicans. Hell, I don't know. Hey Swish, I think we could go play for the Pelicans 'cause I didn't know not one person in that started life except Peyton.


They, the Cavaliers led by as many as 34 points. They unbeaten at home nine games. Donovan Mitchell played only 20 minutes. Evan Mobley logged just 18 but they blow out the Pelicans 1 28 to 100 and they look to be for real. I understand they dropped last night. I still think the Celtics are the best team in the NBA considering their be their depth. But the Cavaliers are gonna, I believe the Cavaliers are gonna be there. We know the Sixers not, we're gonna talk about the Sixers a little later. Swish the Sixers are not what we thought they were gonna be. The Knicks are still trying to figure it out. Milwaukee got back on the winning track. They look good tonight. Giannis was incredible tonight. But swish, when you, you look at the Cavaliers, what do you like so much about what you see from the Cavaliers?


I mean the thing to me that sticks out the most about the Cavs is like they got two superstars that can take over the game. And it reminds me a lot about how LeBron and Kai used to do. They literally used to take turns and the way Donovan Mitchell and Darius Garland just take over the game and then they're supporting cast around them just fits in. 'cause nobody's trying to outdo one another. They just trying to do their job at the end of the day. And when you got guys playing like that and you got a, you know, a coach like Kenny that you wanna play for, it makes it easy. It makes the game that much easy. But to go back to that pelicans thing, man, I went to the game last night when they played Dallas and we definitely could play Ocho. Could you Ocho you could get 32 in that game.


You could have got 32, Right? I 32. Any game. But go ahead. I I got you. I get 32. Any game. Yeah, I swish. I agree with you. Look at, because last year it seemed like Garland because Mitch had just got there. They had a hard time cohabitating together. It seemed like Garland played better when Mitch wasn't on the court. Mitch could take the game over when, when Garland wasn't on the court. Obviously Mobley and, and Jared Allen's gonna do what they do. You got two seven footers, he's gonna command the paint. Jared Allen's gonna be re protect. Mobley is a nice defender, but he stepped his game up. Mid-range game can shoot the three. So I li I like what they have.


You know you got a veteran in Tristan Thompson, you got Niang that can shoot the three. He had an unbelievable night tonight. He had six to 12 from the three point line and that's what you need. But for them to get off to this start, I don't think anybody saw this coming. Everybody thought with the addition of Paul, George and Philly, they were gonna be good with Carl Anthony Toon. They still can. It's early in the season. Ocho what, what are they? Yeah, very early, probably 16, 17, less than 20 games into the season. We see the next they're doing, they're winning. They were up by like 16 on the Suns minus kd. And so the Nick's gonna take some time for them to blend Carl Anthony in the heat. They up and down. But I think by the, when it's all said and done, they'll probably be there at the end.


But I think everybody's in, in unanimity here that we believe the Celtics are the best team in the East. Go ahead. Ojo Are, are the Celtics the best team in the east because they've started off the season so well or you basically bas it in the best team in the east simply because they won the championship last year? Nah, they're the best team. You look at what they, what they can throw at your JT and JB can go get your 34 in a given night. You look at Derrick White and holiday great defenders that can chip in with somewhere between 1520 on a given night. Now mind you, pro Zenga is really not playing right. And they got, they got Prichard coming off the bench. They're deep. They're, they're legit. They're, they're for real. And the thing is, I think in order for them to be, they wanna be thought of as a great team.


They don't wanna waste these guys in their youth. You got jt, you got jb you got these guys in their, in their youth, right? They were like, let's try to stack a couple of these things. Let's try to get two, three or four of these things. So when it's all said and done, because if you just get one championship with these guys, you wasted it because you drafted both of them. They got an opportunity to come up. You made trades early on, you brought in Derrick White you got in holiday. So if you only win one championship swish with this team, are you underachieved? Well then, then that brings my next question. Hey swish, you could probably answer this. I mean you can answer two. So how many championships do you think they can get? So in comparison, excuse, excuse my lack of knowledge of the game of basketball.


When I think about the Lakers, when Shaq and, and Shaq and Kobe were paired together and they were able to have that run, but a rift between the two. Yes. Whatever it might be called them to break up, right? 'cause they could have won multiple, they could have won many more. Maybe two or three more if they had stayed together. Do you you think it's the same, same thing for the Celtics? I don't think so. I Don't Go ahead. I don't think so either. Swish, go ahead swish. I'll let you ask it first. I Mean I don't, I don't think so. I think they, they they, they're very fond of one another. They, they genuine, they have a genuine relationship and they really care about one another to me. And I think the only thing that really breaks it up is if you get in, if you, if the team falls into a situation to where they can't pay a guy or two, and then do you fall in those situations, then I can really make a riffle on the team depending on, and then that's where you see how good your GM is.


You know what I'm saying? Because that's what Oklahoma City did a great job with that, with so many, you know, over the years continuously picking great guys and, and, and San Antonio that just fit they system. And it is not, no matter who comes in and out of that position, they find a guy, a blue guy in those certain positions to where ain't ain't much you can do. Yeah, I think you gotta, you gotta, you gotta maximize this opportunity to switch within the next three years because these contracts are gonna come due. I mean JB making 300 and JT making 300. That's gonna be, next contracts gonna be 400. Yeah. You got holiday making one 30, you got Derek White making one 30. Pingus is gonna want money. Yeah.


And so pri you're probably gonna lose Al about sit down. Yeah. Big, big, big Al gonna take whatever because he's happy. He likes his situation. He's winning. When you play that long switch. Now maybe he's looking for one last payday, but he's made a lot of money. He got paid max dollars in Atlanta. He got paid big dollars to go to Boston. He got more money to go to Phil came. Yeah, but I'm not Even talking about money. I'm just talking about being able to sit down like shoot, won championship. He owe he he getting up in his age, he wanna take Yes. He, he's a, he's a person and personality that could take a front office job somewhere. He might wanna, you know, take a back seat. Yeah. And so I think that's the biggest thing.


Ocho I don't see Kobe. I, I I think that, and I could be wrong, but you were, you were like around its sw or you was there, you kind of saw it like you were just coming into the league. But when you look at it, Kobe needed his own team. Kobe had gotten tired of playing second fiddle and a lot of times that's what happens, huh? Second fiddle. He wa it was Shaq. Shaq was winning the finals. MVP they were saying that Shaq was, it was, we saw what Kobe was Doing, 20, 30, 18, 35 and 22. Yeah. Shaq look and go with Shaq average in the final, he was 38 and 16. I look he was 35 and 17.


Man, God rest his soul. Kobe was that man. But that was Shaq team. Yes. And so he, he wanted and could had looked, had Shaq stayed in better, if Shaq could have maintained his weight right. And conditioning, let's just say for another three to four years. Right. They know they underachieved because you, you won't ever see a duo like that again. A-A-A-A-A-A guard and a big you won't see it again. Not like Shaq. No, But Shaq told you though, Shaq will tell you he underachieving he ain't take it as as personal or as serious as Kobe did. And that was, that's what their major frustration was like When you got, that's what Kobe's frustration Was.


Yeah. Like you got somebody that big and that dominant, he like, bro, if you just worked out a little bit, like you just did something, he just, he out here eating in and out chilling with, with Uncle Rome. You know what I mean? You just do shooting movies and do what you gotta do. Bro, we trying to win six, seven of these things. Right. And they shoulda, They shoulda, they definitely shoulda have won more than three. Yeah. You heard what you said about as, as far as the Celtics being able to keep their, the core players. The core players intact. And at some point players are gonna want, wanna get paid. Well hell but shouldn't the Celtics always be all right? As long as they, they have Tatum and they have jb and long as you be able to build around those two, you should be fine and right Ocho.


But you gotta realize, you think about it, they're paying a billion dollars in salary. You got two guys on your roster, 300 million plus. Right? The next contract is what's gonna be OCHO 400 million plus. Right. So that's 800 million. They young too. They young. Ja. Jason Tatum just turned 26. OCHO 26. He might catch another two max deals. Yes. Five, six years. Four or five. And so you think about it and, and, and look holiday, holiday they just, I think they just locked up holiday. We just lost JR. But he'll, he'll be back shortly. They just locked up holiday. What did they give holiday? Four years for like 1 20, 1 30.


But it's like 30 plus a year. Derek White got like one 30 a year. Shit. And so when you, when you factor that in ocho it's like hold on, we like winning championships but dang. Yeah, At some point in time Ocho I wanna try to win a championship but I wanna cut the cost. Oh they ain't gonna work like that, huh? It is not gonna work like that. So he got A holiday, got four years, 1 34. What did Derrick White get? He got four years one 18. So that's two, that's 2 52 right there. You got a 300 and a $306 million guy.


So that's over 500 million. And now you got another three 18 guy. So you over $800 million with four guys. There's 12 to make up a roster. You got Pingus, Pingus probably making 30. What, what is Pingus? He's gotta be at least 25 to 30 a year. You got two years 60. So that's 30 million. Right. So now you're pretty close to nine. You throwing Al Horford, what did Al get Al making 15.


That's at 900 million right there with six guys. You got another six guys. Hey, but but look, it's, it is paying dividends though. It's paying off. Yes, it's paying off. And so, but see here's the thing. They already want sell it because the value is high. Mm. You just won a championship. Right. And they see where this thing is going now. Right. You see where it's going? These prices ain't coming down. They, Hey, this is the last year of the old TV deal, right? Next year is the new TV deal. That's more money. So that's like, you know what we bought for low with never, hey we good. Let somebody else worry about it.


Right. And so that's, that's, that's kind of where it's headed right now. Let me know they need a 10 day. You must be, you must be on a silo. I I'm trying to fix it. I'm trying to get through that. We hear but we don't see you. The calves bounced back last night from a 1 21 17 loss in Boston last night. We got this stat Ash, can you put that the, the game stats up the first loss of the season. So now they're 16 and one. They were 15 and oh they lost last night. 15 and one. Now they're 16 and old, but they're undefeated at home. It was a very good game. Jason Tatum did Jason Tatum type type things.


I think he dropped 32 last night. See if you could find that game from last night. Boston Cleveland Put Up on the iPad but you let it was yesterday. Jordan, bear with us guys while J Jr tries to fix his, What's cold in here boy? Oh What in the hotel room? Yeah man, I'm in, I'm in New York. I'm in New York and I, I I can't find where a, you know they put me in this little boutique hotel.


Yeah. I can't find nothing in here. Nah, that's One thing. Them little chic boutique hotels. I don't be liking them. Yeah, they too small. You know. Hey, you know I'm, I'm set up in the bathroom, huh? Yeah. Ass rooms 800 they, I'm up in the bathroom. I remember what time I was at a room o old show, hell out from the bed. I could just roll over and brush my teeth. I said, what kind of, I said, but what kind of boy she do? What kind of bull job is this man? Hey Jr I've in the bed brushing my teeth, laying down, watching tv, put my toothbrush out in the sink. Hey, listen, it's, it's smart. It's, it's, it's, it's cute. I don't know if that's the right, the right word to use for a boutique hotel.


It is cute. It, it, it looks, it looks, you know, very modern. But listen, I could touch the wall and touch the door. Yes. I ocho see people think, they say, I think I'm lying, aren't you? I'm literally, I could open the door from the bed. I ain't even have to get up. I mean I was like, what? Oh, but you know it had these had little square fixtures and it had the little little, all the little glasses and man, I don't need look, I wanna sleep. They don't do me no good with my eyes closed. But Switch last night the Celtics 1, 1 21 17. You got 33 points from Jason Tatum. You got 20 from Big Al you got 11 from holiday, you got 19 from Derrick White.


You got 17 from JB and you got 13 from Peyton Pritchard. Peyton Pritchard people don't give him enough credit, but he comes off the bench. He's a little spark close. Yeah, for sure. He's gonna give you great defensive play. He's gonna get you somewhere but he gonna get you 10 tonight. He not gonna hurt you though. Big threes. This was big. Yeah, he not gonna hurt You. He gonna get you extra possessions. He gonna knock down big shots. Be consistent. Yep. Did this game play out how kind of, how you think then The thing was the three point shot Boston shot 22 or 41 50 4%. 51% from the floor. It's hard to beat a team. If you let a team shoot 54% from the three and they get that many threes off of JR.


And you let 'em shoot 52% from the floor you gonna beat. It's hard to beat a team unless you shoot 58% from the three and 54% from from the two point line. It's hard to beat a team when you allow them to shoot that, that high percentage from the floor.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation at this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IO OT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. And if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 day Obsession Fitness and eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday and if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day Obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pets Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Yeah, it ain't, I mean it's hard. It is hard to beat change and then like I think they motto is like they trying to shoot up. I I think they trying to shoot 53 a game. Game a game is crazy like bro, I ain't gonna lie, I I shot 21 or 22 in the game one time, but it was all wide open. Looks they was doubling LeBron. They was doubling K lo, they doubling Kai. I was just out there and it was getting open looks but to be able to shoot 10, 12 a game when you, when I first came into the league to shoot six was a lot. You shooting 12 to 13 a game as one player and then a team. You shooting 50. That's man, I played the wrong era.


Yeah, I played the wrong, They got up 16 the other night. Jam. They shot 61 threes as a team. The Celtics shot 61 threes the other night against. Oh my God. They had to win. They, Oh my god. 61. Yeah, I mean 'cause you look at it, JT was six or 10. Al was four or five. Holliday was three or four. Derek White was four or seven. Brown didn't shoot the ball from three very well. He was two or seven, but Pri was three or six. And Hauser, Hauser is another guy didn't come in and let the three ball go. He can get streaky hot and make four or five coming off the bench. He was oh two. So there were 22 of, of 41 from the three point line.


It's only three people. And all those people that you named that I know for sure like know exactly who that is bro. In, in order to be able to shoot those type of shots and and be able to play. That's, that's that, that, that that's, that's incredible man. That's incredible because my Byron Scott ain't going for it. Him George car ain't going for it. Kmart, you shooting threes. Oh hell nah. Hey Lee, you shoot. Oh hell nah. That many threes going up man. They, you better be making them. They better be making 50% Man. I remember when they first instituted the three point shot back in 79 and Chris Ford from the Celtics made the first three.


I mean teams was shooting one or two a game. This that's crazy. That's it. What they shoot if you shot one, I mean sometimes teams wouldn't even shoot. The only time they shot threes was the end of the first quarter, end of the shot clock, some stuff like that JR. Yeah, it wasn't no running no sense to try to get somebody to shoot a three. You shot one out of necessity. Right. The shot clock winding down, it was the end of the quarter, end of the half late in late or you know what I'm saying? You down by three if somebody lock launching it now they running plays to get somebody to the three in transition. Guys ain't running to the front of the rim. They running to the three point line For sure. Wait, so You're saying back in in seven, nine when they first in, when they first incorporated three point, everybody was, it was trainee, postgame and midrange.


That's It. Oh that probably was hell. Hell yeah. You played, everybody wanted a big, you had to get a big because you wanted to dump it down. Right. That was Kareem forties, fifties, sixties, seventies, eighties. Even in the nineties. This I right. Well Steph Curry, I mean they started shooting more threes in the, in two thousands. Right. But it was Steph and the and the Warriors that came in and said oh it's okay. There's no such thing as a bad shot because SW you went back in the day. Oh man. Oh no, no, no. Okay, good job. Oh yeah. Now they encourage you to shoot the three. It's kinda hard for you to be an elite player if you can't shoot the three unless you're so physically talented like a Giannis. Right. Look at LeBron. LeBron has been able to stay around a lot longer because what he developed a three ball later in his career because he realized that was one of the ways he was gonna be able to stay around because he's still athletic.


He can still got get downhill. But it takes so much outta you to constantly try to go through 1, 2, 3 players and get to the rim. Hell man, y'all ain't Finn to tire me out. I'm finna start out here and and hit a couple threes on y'all ass. Yeah, That's like a boxer man. You out there jabbing throwing jabs and setting you up. Yeah because it trust and believe he get down to the nitty gritty. He get into that. He get into that. Oh he going to the paint now. Yeah, he gonna get downhill. He can do right. You you saw in the Olympics when the rubber needed to meet the roller against sedan, what did he do? He put his head down. He said, I'm going, I'm going to the rim. Stop me if you can. I think in when he was with Miami he was shooting like 68, 70% something crazy like all that.


Oh yeah. He shot like 57% from the floor. He was nuts. He had a run when I remember he was coming through the garden, I was just like, damn bro. Like he Oh I remember that sw she, he had like six or seven games where he shot 60% from the floor. Yes. And it wasn't all layups. He was shooting threes, he was shooting the mid-range and it was the game. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, it was the game before the All Star game. He had it and he just took a, he took an off Ballas three against KC off one leg that dropped him under 60. Yeah that dropped him up under it. Oh guys we gotta talk about this game. The Grizzlies defeated the Sixers LA 76ers last lap. One 17 to one 11. But oh the, okay, we, okay we're gonna talk about this what transpired yesterday but tonight the Grizzlies beat the 76 ERs.


Yeah but the big story came yesterday after the Sixers four straight loss, Kyle Lowry called for a team, a team meeting players and coaches held each other accountable and took fault for the start of the season. Maxie challenged Joelle and Bead to be on time to the team activities, calling him out for being late for everything and how it impacts the locker room from the other, from the other players to the coaching staff. OCHO Swish you were known. Yes sir. Ocho you remember I told you last year? Yeah. In 1995, Mike Shanahan first game as the head coach. I won offensive player of the game. I had 10 catches for a buck 80. I was offensive player of the game.


But there was some plays that Shannon was bull driving. So they called, he called me in his office and he said 80 or he said 84, I wanna talk to you about something I thought I was doing. He gonna call me in and congratulate me like oh Cho 10 for a buck 80 for a 30. Yeah. Oh yeah. So he puts the tape on Swish and I'm looking Loafing didn't get out the break. Half-Assing on the block. Yeah, cut the tape off. He says, I'll never accept anything of a win. I wouldn't have a loss. So let me ask both of you guys, did you think Joe and B just showing up target to these activities this year? Or did he do it when he was winning the MVP? Did he do it when they were winning? You see, you accepted it, you tolerated it when you was winning.


Now it's an issue. Now you see why Ocho, I say you don't tolerate anything in a win you wouldn't have lost. Yes sir. This is why. Yeah, because if you think Joe LMB just started showing up late this year, if you think this is the first time that he's been tardy, this man said how about showing up on time for all things? This is why. This is why. And and you know, the funny thing about it is, especially when it comes to time like this, when you losing everything else is magnified. They find all the reasons, you know, you were doing it before but you know they brushed it off because you winning. And not only are you winning when Joelle and Beat is on the, on the court, you know what you get, you know what you get when it's on the court.


But it's the problems now when you losing then they, they start to nitpick. I'm not saying it's nitpicking, but again, you get down to the root of the problem. The root of the problem is whatever they, whatever they see fit doesn't fit as what we do as a team. So as a team. But we have one person that's showing up late, even if it may be our best player. But IIII think they've given Tyree Maxey the keys to the 76 ERs. Yes sir. So he feels that his do is it is his duty to call out the other best player on the team. I love it. And that, that's where they are now. Honestly, man, the the biggest takeaway from this whole thing for me because I worked out with Tyrese, like I worked out with him when he was going to pre-draft.


I worked out his first couple years in the league. Like it was obviously my tail end. But like to see his growth to where he's at now and to be able to call out the MVP like yo bruh, like I love it. I love that shit like bro nah, like I don't, for me that was my biggest, that was my biggest complaint about any and everything. Don't tell me to do something that you not out here doing. Hmm. There you go. Don't Tell me to be on here on time. If you not showing up on time, don't tell me to watch film. If you not watching film, don't tell me to be here on this screen. If you not there on that screen, don't tell me to communicate on defense.


If you just out there just Go Yeah, I don't want to hear that bro. It's accountability all the way from the top to the bottom. And when, when you get a player like that, man shout out to Tyrese man. I, I rocks with that. That shit is tough. I like that. Hey Jay, you ever, you ever had to call somebody out when you was playing? Hell yeah, we always do. Okay, you got to but Hey, you don't make hey young. Hey that, that, that would cause a riff between Tyrese and Embi. Did you have to do that publicly though? Like shouldn't be Got out out? I don't think he said He didn't say anything. It got out. Like everything that happened in the locker room Get out, somebody gonna go jail.


You know how this thing work Ocho? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm something like that. Either a player has a, either a, a reporter has a relationship with a player Right. Or he has a front office person or he has a coach. It's getting out. Yeah, that's But people get upset. People got upset with Stephen a when he said that Stefan Digs was unhappy and he was won out. Oh you he made that up. Where's Stefan digs now? Steve Ocho. Yeah, He outta that. He looking good. Yeah. People He was, but the thing is a lot, I'm not saying always, but a lot of times when these reporters get stuff, where do you think Adam Shefter, where you think Wge, where you think Shams, where you think Jay Glaser rest his soul?


Chris Morrison? Where do you think they got these stories from? Stories. You gotta, you gotta come from somebody. Yeah. Within the organization. I'm not gonna lie, it took me so long to understand that Unc be even being in the business like just like really understanding the business of it all. Like shit just can't coming outta nowhere. Yes. Like it is coming out. But like you gotta see by like, you gotta watch how like the plays or how should play out to really see the trades or the free agent moves or whatever else that like Yes. It's so deeper than rap. It is crazy man. Yeah. And you got agents, agents telling so it's not, it's not. And people like I don't do it.


I mean I know a lot of stuff, I mean things that would go that was going on, but that ain't my job Ocho I ain't no insider. Right, Right, right, right, Right. But I talk in a way but people say she how you know, don't worry about it. I know. Don't you worry about how I know. 'cause I ain't, I ain't giving up no sources. Everybody state your source. No, that's just like, just all the scandals. Think about all the whistleblowers Ocho, if I gave up my source, there would be a lot of stuff you would've never known. Watergate would've never happened with I deep throat, Jesus, all the all the, the cigarettes and nicotine. How addictive it was if that person didn't blow the whistle that they were adding high levels of nicotine because they knew it was addictive and that's why people had a hard time quitting smoking.


Yeah. All the things when they had the Iran Contra, all the, the stuff that was going on in government. Without that we, we, so nobody's gonna give up their sources, but people think this notion, and I'm not saying that reporters haven't made up stuff, but a lot of the stuff that these reporters are saying, oh they're coming, they're coming right out that locker room. Either agent gave it up, a player gave it up, a coach gave it up, or front office person gave it up. See, To me it's not, it's not necessarily on the reporter bro. It is like to me it is, it is, it is on the, it's on the person who's saying it. 'cause like for me, if I say something I'm, I'm gonna tell you, Hey Ocho, you can go wherever you wanna go and say that I said this, Hey, you go wherever you wanna go and say I said this, but in certain situations you sitting there like, Hey man, don't tell nobody I I told you like bro, hold up bro.


I ain't with all that. Like that shit right there. I ain't, I ain't with all that dog. Nah ain't I, I Ain't, I ain't going ocho I, first of all, I ain't telling nothing. Right. I ain't telling nothing because the way I look at it, like my family stuff that was in my family. Why am I going, why would I go tell somebody we ain't got no running? I mean after the fact, I tell you 20 years later, but you thought I was gonna tell somebody that secret don't show what I'm actually living in. It Absolutely not. Hell No. Right. So if I'm playing and even now I might say some things that happened in the locker room so forth. And so I'd never tell who was it who did this, but I'm like these reporters and people get mad. Oh he just, no bro.


Nah, people be really people be diamond, other people out. That's how I felt about the soup incident like that happened in in in in the practice facility. Like come on bro. How did she get to the meat? Oh You thought the soup on the man, come on. Nah, but not only that though, but like y'all, they don't find out until like, they don't suspend me until the league and everybody else find out. Like so it wasn't embarrassing, it wasn't no egg on y'all face until everybody else found out, until this shit get leaked. Right. So then y'all gotta now look like y'all gotta do something but like bro, like come on man that shit is weak. But, but my thing is though, T swish with see Ocho now you see why sometimes guys don't ma how many times you think Kobe showed up late A Jordan LeBron Bird Magic when you look, there's a reason why guys are great, look great, yeah guys are great And then you have, I mean there's levels to this.


I mean we, hey we all might live in the same house but some of us got bigger rooms. I'm a, I'm number 2 67 in the Hall of Fame. But Reggie White and LLT and Time, they're on different floors. I'm in the house, I'm in the building. Right. But there's levels to this. My thing is with Joel, if God gave you that kind ability, what you wanna maximize it, I'm gonna be in the best shape I possibly can be. Considering big men don't play long because of the size and because of the lower extremities. You got knee, you got feet, big Bill Walton, you look at Shaq, you look at a lot of the big men, they have issues that small guys don't have because of the weight disparity OCHO and getting that up and down 300 pounds, up and down, up and down.


Okay. How much she made? Who me? How much I made? No, how much he how much Joelle made? Joelle and B just signed a three year extension for 193 million. Yeah, He ain't doing that. Yeah, I I I got a question. I you can Yes sir. What if and B doesn't love the game the same way Tyrese, Maxey does what if and B doesn't love the game the same way that that's Possible. So hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. So y'all about to criticize him for the same thing. Y'all criticized Ben Simmons for when before because that's the same thing. That was the same argument when when yeah when, when Joelle was quote unquote calling out Ben Simmons talking about how much he didn't love the game and didn't do X, Y and Z. Right? So now what we going, what, what's going on?


No, I'm hey, I'm just asking, asking a question swish. I'm saying do you think maybe MB doesn't love the game the same way as the other players that are always on time? Or maybe he doesn't love the game the same way Tyrese Maxey does. Oh yeah. Maybe he doesn't love it that way. To, to put in the time to, to to to take care of his nutrition, to take care of his, take care of his weight. I'm just, maybe it's different. I'm, I'm just curious. I'm just asking. I think swish, 'cause this is Swish Sports, but lemme tell you how I looked at it. Ocho I remember when, when, when I made the decision that I was going to eat healthy, I looked at my body one day and here I was eating fast food three times a day and I had 8% body fat and nobody could believe it.


Thought I thought I could eat like this. So for like two years it was Burger King for breakfast, it was whatever fast food I could get for lunch. And then on the way home I loved Dairy Queen, so I was on them Dairy Queen, I was on that Dairy Queen hard, but I had 8% body fat. And one day I was like, I wonder if I had a cousin that's in bodybuilding, I've always been a bodybuilding fan. I said, man, I wonder if I were to like eat healthy, what would my body look like two weeks? Ocho like man, man look here in two weeks I was shredded like a, a Trump tax return. Waste disappeared like a Clinton email.


You know what I'm saying? Don't your, I went head to head with a sword. I lost the fight cuts everywhere. I was hooked, I was hooked. And so yeah, if I'm, if that that's the way I look and that's what, that's what's so why couldn't coach Ocho? Because you look at guys with so much God-given ability Potentially why can't, And you look at guys that don't have that kind of God-given ability and you see they give their everything right. To be the best they possibly could be. And you see a guy that's got so much more God-given ability bull jiving and give you 35, give you 50, give you 70 around what the hell? Yeah.


Yeah. It makes you mad. I've seen guys Clinton Porters pissed me off because I know he should have been in the hall of Fame, but he wouldn't work. He was a lazy mofo. But so lemme ask you, so Porters, was that good Ocho is it the Diet or is it, is it the work habits? Oh, he, he had, he had, because I got terrible diet, I got, I felt like I got great work habits. I got terrible Diet. He was both BOAF both poor work habits and diet. Yeah, I think, I think, I mean my obviously Unc, you know how my diet was, which you know about being my, my love McDonald's, but I was a animal when it came to working. I mean I'm, I'm still the same way.


I I I don't even play no goddamn mo and I still work as if I might get a call. See That's the thing. What was different for y'all? Y'all, y'all so used to being in that in the weight room. Like y'all, like y'all are weight room junkies. I was never that I was a gym rat. Like you catch me in the Don't need. You don't need to be strong. I don't need, I don't, this is all fluidity baby. This is flow, right? I don't need none of that. So for me, it's hard for me now, like that's why I feel like golf is so great for me because I can just walk right into it and just flow opposed to hitting the gym and doing all this extra calisthenics and all that. I don't need all that. But like, yeah, certain people like, yo, like y'all man, like I, I'll envy y'all bro.


I can't do, I can't do it getting there in the gym the most two hours, three hours a day still right now retired. Oh yeah, No, I was, I was that guy. I was that guy swish. I felt that if I didn't train two hours a day, I couldn't. I wasn't intense. And I'm talking about, look, when I trained a me and rope man, we would go in the gym. I was like, what's up? Do what we got today. He would say, we got this. We would not say another word until the workout was complete. A straight word. Yeah. And I'm talking, hey, I'm talking about, I'm talking about lunge. We lunging the whole gym. We lung we lunging, we doing leg press with 6, 8, 10 plates aside. Yeah. Doing leg extensions, had squats, lung, the gym, we doing that for an hour.


That's me. That's me. And I was like, but that's, that's all I know because I know. I said, Lord, if you get me outta this environment, I'm not coming back. The most impressive thing you can tell show me about a person is that when he gets the money, he works as if he's broke. Yeah. You look at LeBron, you look at Steph, you look at kd, you look at Jordan, you look at Kobe, look at the greats, look at Tom Brady. Everything Tom Brady had accomplished, he was accomplished on top of accomplishments. And you never know p Manning. You never know TJY look at, look at the guys and you know, A lot of it is accessibility man, to be honest.


I mean it's accessibility and being able to repeat it over and over again. Like imagine if like when you was a kid, you know when like what I used to think about all the time when I was a kid, when I was 7, 8, 9 years old, like, damn, I wish I just had a gym. I wish I I just had a gym, I could just shoot all day. I'd be in there all day, all night. I sleep in that gym. I promise you bro. And when I made it and I I was in the gym all day, all night. Like that's what it, like, there's no, that's what it is. That's just Safehaven 2:00 AM I got the key, I got the code, put my fingerprint in, I could go in, do whatever. I could sit in a cold tub, I could sit in a hot tub, I can get shots, tub, I could just sit there and watch tv, do whatever I wanna do like that right there.


Like, and that's what resonates with me with like a person like Joelle, like bro, you sat out your first what, two years? Yes. Like bro. And then you go from that to winning the MVP to have an opportunity with a pause George and a young Maxie who's just on a rise. Like you gonna hand the keys off of the winner chip after Boston. I don't know man. To me the next Boston series is serious. So I never played for Philly, but I would assume they got the same rivalry and the same conferences like we had. So I would assume he would take that cer some shit like that type personally. Then you play on a team with him in the, in the Olympics, like Yes.


And he pro he had the seat. Everybody talks about LeBron if cold tub, he the first there in he's shooting. It's not an accident that LeBron is playing as long as he is and he's playing at the level he's still playing at. That's not an accident. Right. It's not an accident that Tom Brady played as long as he did and he played at the level that he played. That's not an accident when you were growing up, you say, Lord, what did you do to get to where you got? Hmm? You mean to tell me you would stop that after you got there? That's the problem because see a lot of times Ocho people are climb the mountain and they Oh, but the grades find another mountain to scale.


Yeah. That is the Difference. I think that's hard too because those two people like bro and and Tom Brady, they like, they were they able to carve out their own future? A lot of people ain't able to do that. Mm. This man got a three year extension for 1 93. He got a deal to begin with. I, Yeah, but I'm saying like in the, in they years, like at the end, like quote unquote at, at the end of the career time is 21, 22 years in. Like they're still able to pick and choose what they want to do, where they want to go. Opposed to being like, you know what, we're gonna trade 'em here, trade 'em there, trade 'em here, trade 'em there, you know, cut 'em and pay 'em out.


Like If I had $500 million, I'm gonna do what I wanna do and I ain't gonna do that before 12 o'clock. Think about swish, think about the money these guys making now. OCHO a 60 guys used to buy teams, the entire team for $60 million. Mr. Boland bought the Broncos for $68 million. Dak Prescott makes 60 million a year. Man, that's the age man. The Steelers the guy, the guy bought the Steelers for a million dollars Party. I talking about don't talk about, don't talk about them. Think About, think about, think about the boy, look here, the money and, and Jacobs, they'll still pay. So you could be 15 years in and making 50 mil what job?


You know that pays a guy. Unless you are a CEO of a company, $50 million a year, Ojo Boy ain't nothing but it. But it also tells you a lot about a person when they, when you winning an Olympics and they was already talking about you gonna go play for somebody else in the next Olympics. Like you winning to gold. You talking about you gonna play some like it tells you enough like what more you wanna see. He's not a team guy. He don't care.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation at this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors allowing for real-time Remote data collection and analysis, the initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. And if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 day Obsession Fitness and Eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it, and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home Program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. And if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel Core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit sn hsu.edu Today to get started.


But like I said, it's hard. He had to take it serious because he's a big How much you? How much you think? How much you think Joel and b Wade's wish? Three What? I mean three. Damn. Yeah, that's the same thing I said my told me with 300. I loud. If LeBron two 60, you don't think Joe l and b 300? Yeah. LeBron is a different two 60 though. LeBron like two five. Yeah, he, to be honest. Huh? He like 2 75. So if he 2 75, how much you think Joelle and bead weighed if he 2, 7, 5? I say Joelle and bead might be like 3 10, 3 15.


I think he bigger than that. Joel. Nah, he ain came bigger than that. He ain't bigger than Sha Shaq came in the league. But you gotta note, when Shaq first got into the league, Shaq was like three 20 right now look, Shaq was, look how skinny, look how skinny Shaq neck is when he's in Orlando. Yeah, but Shaq was different though. Shaq was a, Shaq was three 20, but Shaq was a three 20. That could have been a small forward three 20. Joel, I know me, 3 15, 3 20 is a straight big man. 3 15, 3 20. He could shoot a little he and got a little move and all that. But when I talk about up and down running Shaq, no, no, no. That ain't, that ain't with Joy. Shaq, I give Joy Levi, I think Joy Levi B three 30. I think he 3 30, 3 40 Kamikazi Shaq. Damn.


Oh my God. Yeah. Oh. How about this here? How about this? How much you think Zion weighed man? Zion my height and he about two 80 dog. Two 80? Yeah. Oh, excuse me. Nah for real dog. I'm, I'm I ain't he be, he might be two 80 on the moon. He bigger than that. What? Ain't got no gravity. He might be two 80 now. This, this the way he came in. No he might be 2 80, 2 85. No, he was never bigger than that. At heaviest he was 2 80, 2 85, 3 at six.


Yeah. You hold on. You think Charles Barkley was, hold on, lemme ask you this. Wish You think Charles Barkley when he got in the league was bigger than Zion? No, because Charles was 2 85. Charles wasn't 2 85 when he first got in the league, he was ripped up. He was 2 2 55 all day long. No, two 80. He looked square. No, Charles was two 80. So Charles was bro before bro was what you're talking about? Yeah, but just at just at six four. Well, yeah, six a little smaller. He was six four. Yes. He looked, he looked slim. He looked slim as hell. I use him on the outside linebacker, he tackle something.


Charles said he went out for football one time. They knocked the hell out here hit and the coach, he say the coach say, all right Charles, we'll see you tomorrow. Charles say no you won't. I'm going, I did what Oklahoma. So I'm cool dog. Charles said, Charles says I gotta, y'all gonna knock hell out of beat day after day and still I'm gonna go get knocked the hell out in the game. Oh no. Hey, hey football, football was different back then. Swish. Now they don't do like we did when I was coming, Charles a couple years older than me, but in the south football is king. Yeah. And we had Oklahoma drill, we had bully in the ring. Oh yeah. If you weren't tough you couldn't play football. No sir. No You could not.


Ain't no, ain't no way. Now all the coaches that coach when I was growing up, they could not coach right now because you had to do Oklahoma every day. You had to do bully in the ring. Oh my Goodness. Coach. You know how many coaches I have would've been locked up. Oh for sure. Put their heads on kids. Grab them up. Just grab your face mask, Grab your face. Oh yeah, kick in the butt. For sure. Yeah. The coaching, the culture was different back then. The, the coaching was different back then. I mean it, it wouldn't, it wouldn't work today. No way. It wouldn't work today at all. Nobody have a damn job. Hey man, shout out to Teddy Bridgewater though. 69 and nothing. 69. Nothing. Wait there, Huh?


Is he aint coaching at Northwestern? Yeah, Miami, Northwestern. Right, right there, right down the street from grandma house. Yep. Sure is. That's What's Up. argenx swish Swish. That's what's up. They list Jr. They li they list Zion's weight at 2 84. Now what you think he's at? What you think if, if They, but say you eat 2 84 Buddy. 3 0 5. Okay. I ain't gonna hold you. I already know how it goes buddy. Buddy. 3 0 5 for sure. Thank you. Thank You. Damn bro. We ain't came off the ground. Yes, but, oh, but that's the problem. You see how explosive is. So lemme ask you a question Swish.


If you, you, you in the, you you got, you got a construction company. If I, if I put a Ferrari engine, a souped up super engine in a dump truck and I get it going 70, 80 miles an hour and slam on brake, that motherfucker some eventually that rear end gonna come up out of them. Man you can, you so think about him supposed of he's at that weight. Yeah. Damn, I'm trying, I Trying to, I I wish, I just wish, I just wish guys took it serious. Got their weight up under control so I could see just how good Zeke, because I'm not so sure. Oh guys we're gonna ever see because he can't play str he can only play a stretch of like five to 10 games and it's his hamstring, it's his knee, it's his ankle.


It's something Heavy. So lemme ask you this too heavy. We cut the, do we just cut the season down? Do we just go the 73 games? No some games because if guys can't play, you got the biggest one of the MVP coming off top. He can't play back to backs. Like you got guys who literally just Kauai, Paul, George, LeBron ain't playing every night. Ad ain't playing every night. Like look at, look around the league, look at the stars. They not playing every night. So why not cut a cut it short? Right. 'cause somebody's convinced the guys that the rest is better and, and, and the teams and the team because they're paying 'em so much money. It's the same thing Ocho, when you and I played, we played preseason game, we practiced, we thud, we hit.


Now they don't do any of that. And it seems like they have more injuries now than what we had ocho when we played and we was thud. So you feel like even if you give them more time in the summertime, it don't, it don't matter. It is just recovery time. After the after between Games. Guys gotta take care of themselves. They gotta get their rest. They gotta get off their feet, get in the cold tub, get in the hyperbaric chamber. Because think about all the technology that you guys have that they have now, as opposed to when you and I played Ocho now it started coming in. You, you, you know I retired in oh four, so I think you, you left the game at like 11 or, or 12 or something like that. But they started having all this, the, the code, the dip tanks at the facility. Had they have all that stuff now there's no man look here, I didn't go, I wasn't going home till 7 30, 8 o'clock and we didn't have all that.


I could just imagine man, please. Yeah, Jeff t calls Paul Joy, the Tobias Harris of the Sixers Switch. Do you agree with that comment? That's fucking crazy. Excuse me. Excuse me, excuse me. That's wild. I'm sorry. Yo. That's wild. That's wild disrespectful bro. Hey Y'all, I mean the man aint got the man just got there. He coming off, he, he coming off an injury. He played like three games and the man already. So listen, you got to gimme that Terms. Paul George got injured. Tonight's wish.


Yeah I think it his ankle. You, you heard his ankle lie Bro. Ocho what did I tell you? If you limp into the season, how you limp, how you going out of it? Limping, limp out that bitch. Yeah, but listen, you gotta gimme better context. You heard me? What'd you say Ocho? You, you gotta gimme better context on on why Paul George is the Tobias Harris give it to me in football terminology. Well, Tobias Harris got a max contract and okay swish give it to him in a, in a term that Ocho couldn't understand. Ah, Tobi Tobias went up to the window to the bank window with no mask on. Told the cashier my name is to buy Harris And gave him his ID and his birth certificate.


What his social security number? Yes. Robbed him for 190 million with no gun warmed up outta there. And they say Mr. Harris take the money. It's yours with A, it gave him a nice little folder with a bun, with a, with a, with a little bow on it and say have a nice day. Damn. Nice. I I I want, I want to give him, I want to give him at least a year before I get put into Tobias. I mean First of all, I, I would never put Tobias on on Paul George. No. PA PG earned a lot. He earned a lot in this league. Paul like no dis like I rot nothing. It's crazy 'cause I really rocked with Tobias. Tobias my guy.


But like you talk about people who underachieved bro and got Got paid. Paid. Yeah. You Paid paid like yo bro, like man, I respect that. I I like you as a person. You a great guy. You, it couldn't have happen to a great, a better person. Hey Yes. Somebody said in football terminology. Aaron just said Tobias Harris is basically Daniel Jones. Okay. And you let Yeah. And you let, what's the name go Quan? Yeah. Let Sequan go. Yes. Say less. Yeah, for sure. Because they coulda had Jimmy Bucket.


So Jimmy Buckets was on that team and basically, I don't know if Jimmy wanted to stay, we'd have to see if Jimmy wanted to stay with with Joel l and b. That's Another thing man. Because I, when that, I, now you taking me back with all this bro because when I remembered it now because Jimmy left because they said Jimmy was way too confrontational 'cause he kept like antagonizing people trying to get into practice, trying to get everybody on board, trying to get him for winning culture because that's what he came from in Chicago and they wasn't on it. And they got Jimmy up out of there. Yep. And they gave, they gave, and instead of giving Jimmy a Max contract gave, they gave it to the Bob Harris, Ben and Joel Coach, coach and Joel with that and getting By.


And then they, and then they ended up signing, they signed, they get, they get the number one pick and they draft Ben Simmons. Yeah. And Ben Simmons. And we, we know what happened with Ben We don't need to beat the man up. He's been beat up enough. But we know what happened with that. Yeah. I'm Not mad at Ben, Ben living his life. He doing what he wanna do. He don't love it and, and, and I can't make him and can't nobody else make him love it. The world. No, do what you wanna do. They let you, they let you still paying him. That's y'all fault. Yeah. Y'all Sign up again. Begin. Hey. Oh look here. When you play a sport, it's gotta be one or two things. It's gotta, you gotta be married to it or it's gotta be the mistress One or The other.


But you gotta devote time to them or both the other or both of 'em will leave your ass. Shit. That's for sure Because a lot of times what we see got switching up now, it'd be interesting to see if you see this in basketball, a lot of times guys are out of the league before they really, their time should be Mm how many times we see guys Ocho we see a guy his For sure. That's how Mellow is bro. Like that's what I was saying about people who, who don't determine their own destiny. When you was talking about Tom and Bro and like certain people like even like I love him to death, but like CP CP done bounced around to so many different teams these last four or five years like you would think he was and, and everybody loves him.


He gets so much praise. He's a captain everywhere he goes, he turns around the organizations to teams. But you're not in a position to really, you know, ha pick where your destiny lands at. Right. So it's it's a tough, it's a, it's a, it's a, it is a hard streak 'cause then you got a guy like Melo who for sure could have played another five years. D Wade, he was already older than everybody. So he sat down, he played four years of college, But at least D Wade got excused. DD Wade knees just gave out on him. It wasn't d Wade was putting the work in his body failed him. Right. I think the other guys, they waited too late to, to a, to adopt great workout habits, great work ethic.


See LeBron came into the league with it. Some guys come into the league with it, don't you? So it's easier to maintain that as you get older. If you got crap work ethic as a young man, what the hell you think you gonna happen when you get older? Yeah, But some people just got the body man, come on man. Y'all, y'all can't y look at your, look at your body. That's some of, that's God given ability. You was eating, eat whatever you wanted. You had 8%. Thank thank you Ocho. You out here eating McDonald's, pop Tarts and everything else. You got 0% body fat man out here running those soccer fields looking like a cheetah. Come on dog. Ain't nobody come on y'all, y'all y'all, y'all is making me sick with this man because I'm getting outta nah because I'm being outta shape golfer. I got, I'm getting my little belly and I don't wanna, I don't appreciate the way y'all talk about athletes like that.


I used to be, but here the But you muscle isn't required. You definitely don't need chest muscles. You don't need shoulders because you need able to that swing. Yeah. You need to be fluid through the top. That's why baseball players, that's why basketball players, that's why guys that don't have upper body masks, that's why they make such good golfers. That's why you look at your pitchers. That's why you look at your hockey players, you look at your basketball players. Look at the guys that are really, that are really good in football. Quarterback, Quarterback, quarterback. I play with Romo today. He lights out. Oh my God. Ain't got none of this. Ocho ain't got none of there. I got too much traps. I got too much front de real deal. I bet I can't man, look here, you ain't got Doing tired with fluidity man.


You get a strong get up off me catching strong and get up off me. Ain't nothing fluidity. Ain't no flow. You ah, ocho Yeah, You done developed all this. I'm tired of them skin on the green, so I already know I can't play no golf. Yeah, I'm, I'm too, I'm too big to play golf too. No, you're not too big. I'm like two 30 right now, swish. I'm two 30 dog. How? Nah, He ain't no two. He like one 90. He like one 90 swish. He wanna be big. He wanna be big. You know the guy, Hey you know the guys like when you were growing up swish, you exaggerate your weight. You was really like one 50. You say you 1 65. That's Ocho. I'm tired. Tired of him doing, I'm tired of him doing Instagram jail poses too.


He, he over there sitting like Tookie Williams and all Little back In the day like, man, you Get, if you see me, it's good. See that, that lets you know exactly how big I am. I just, I can't swing no golf club. Oh no. You can swing a golf club. You just go be some trash at it, but okay. Draymond says people want him suspended because their NBA ratings are low. Draymond fired back at everyone who felt that warned a suspension for tripping. Zach, Edie Draymond argued that if he, that if the play was indeed dirty, he would've been dealt a flagrant one or two in real time due to his notorious reputation. I agree. The ratings are low. We know Draymond name sparks a buzz. We know the name carries weight.


We know that going to get people riled up. The ratings are low. So they want a sub in Draymond. I ain't gonna lie man, I used to hate Draymond dog. I used to hate Draymond man and I really grow, I as, as much as I've listened to him and understand how intelligent he is and how he can articulate himself and everything like, and hold his emotions with it. I like, I I've grown to respect this man so much. Like I really rocks with Draymond man and I believe that too. Like I really believe like they try to villainize his character as, you know, just getting, getting ratings up and he's, he's a hell of a player and it's tough man.


It's tough to be in that position because once you, it's like once you be, once you become that villain, it's impossible to become the hero dog. Yeah, but he's a repeat offender though. Swish. It's kinda like if you get, if you get, if you get 12 speeding tickets, it's hard to argue when the police pull your ass over for you tell him, man I wasn't speeding Right. But I clocked you going, I clocked you going 90 in a 65. It's hard to argue that. Yeah. When you seen Draymond repeatedly do these things, he's what we call in the criminal justice a repeat offender. He definitely would be offender. So therefore his his his priors way into that swish, you know, you've been suspended your priors when David Stern or Adam Silver called your ass into office.


They said Jr you've done this before. Yeah, yeah. Definitely got p priors. Yeah, he definitely, we definitely met with p priors. I say that, I definitely say that I can't let dray Miles do off the hook for that. He definitely got p priors. He always, Hey, he had p priors when I was playing, so, and that's, it is been a while. So He also called Taylor Jenkins soft for complaining. You got janky Taylor Jenkins, who's a salty bro this game 11 and you running out into the media crying about a foul. Who that who? Taylor Jenkins. That's the head coach of Memphis. Oh Shit.


Yeah, I mean shit that that's what they supposed to do. What you mean? Yeah, that ain't nothing no different. What Steve did with us when we was playing them in the finals. Oh. They're playing so physical much more soon as you get up on 'em. They calling him foul every play to the next game. Nah, that, that they know what they doing dog. I don't hear that But you like me look, I like Draymond. But, but, but his history is, he's done some foul stuff. Yeah, he's kicked some people. He's hit people upside the head. He's done something. God, y'all make it seem like we making this up like this. Is, this is Draymond like what he did to Ededie was his first offense since he's been in the NBA. It's not No, the man got suspended. What He got suspended twice last year. We ain't even talking about, look, stuff happens in practice.


We not even talking about the pool stuff just as There alone. Yes. Thank you. I Ain't gonna adjust him just him alone. Thank You. That's enough priors. So, so with, with that being said, it's like, man, come on now. Ain't nobody going. I mean I think the thing is having been that game that Draymond has played in Draymond get away with stuff. The way Draymond be talking is that he knows they don't want, they don't wanna throw him outta the ballgame. Right. And so he, he he goes to the line and sometimes he'll step over to see how far he he how far Just like Rashe because he knows like she Yep. Just like she, I'm gonna step over that line.


I'm gonna cuss you out. I'm do anything and everything. And then if you gimme a tech, I already, especially if we playing at home, I already know it's gonna get us even more riled up so the, it's like yeah And plus you gotta do like Chauncey. I know you ain't gonna want call that and swish Guess what? I know you ain't gonna call that second ticket. Throw me out. Oh no. So I just, I just bought my, I just because you don't want to influence the game. Yeah buddy. You don't wanna call Adam Silver. You gonna get that phone call after the game. You don't wanna have that conversation. The Volume


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop, delivery, pickup or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise with Intel core i nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel Shop now only@lenovo.com.


Once upon a time Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles including romantic autobiographies, true Crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, Whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


Well, it's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.