
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth Curt, you don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters, So You might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes, that's why we absolutely. I love It. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show, and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's cold. Money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Ryan is asking ocho, is a sporting event a good first date? That's a phenomenal first date. That's a great question too. But you have to understand the type of woman you're dealing with for a first date. You want to, you want to make sure she, you've asked her questions on what she likes to do and if she likes sports, if she likes sports, a sporting event is a great way to break the ice hockey game. Nascar, I'm not sure if you've ever been to a NASCAR race you set up That is old. My goodness. I have now. Obviously football is cool, but I'm just saying things that are fast paced where you can, you can re conversation. Yeah. And actually talk while you watching.


Go to, you know, I wanna go, probably go to one of, go to Daytona, Talladega, Charlotte, Andy, one of those big super tracks where you just booking it. You got two miles, you got two and a half, I mean, you got a two mile oval, two and a half mile. Exciting. Yeah. That's me very. I don't know if anybody in this chat has never been in nascar. If you haven't, even if you don't like nascar, the experience is different. When you're actually there sitting in the stands, you will enjoy it. Willie said the streets need go. James on club Shahe interview Ocho will we hitting first watch? Oh boy. If he and Magic Boy, I'm gonna be a first watch tomorrow morning, boy, after I hit the gym.


So right there in Pine, right there in Pines in the Plaza book Walmart. Every time Cardi B was smarted out with Stefan D on Valentine's Day, Hey, it was rumored that Cardi B had an affair with Diggs while she was crazy. Offset child. Oh Lord. Hey Sta hey, hey, hey, hey. Huh? It's like, it's like, I'm trying to think. Hop all along your choke. I She wasn't sure that that that, that that could be, that could be false.


That could be, you know, a, a rumor of some sort, but Yeah, but hey, step young, young bull be doing his thing, bro. You know? But I, but I, hold on, hold on. Whoa, whoa. Let's just say for the sake of argument, I get it. You know, you married, that's your girl. You know, y'all, y'all do what y'all do. I don't know about hearing somebody else's girl, Ocho Hey. Oh no, she crack show. Yeah, I don't, I think that was, I don't think that was true. I think that might have been fabricated. I think that might've been fabricated and that might have been fabricated. Who?


Lord. Yeah. That's a listen. I, I I, I tell you uncle I tell you somebody talking about she was seven to eight months. Hey, I got dirty. Hey uncle, when you been, when you, when you've been around long enough, you hear me? When you've been around long enough, you have great experience in this area. I have great experience in this area and it's a lot more peaceful when you're number two as opposed to number one where you know how things go. Cardi outing with Diggs is for the second time they've been seen out in public in less than a week before that Cardi tried to downplay the rumors about Digg during an Instagram live, live Cardi filed for divorce from Offset her husband of seven years last August, right before giving birth to their third child.


When there smoke, there's fire. You know that right? You, you can't hear me Huh? When there's smoke there, fire. Yeah. See, her new dude really ain't her new dude. You just never knew you. Not you not you not hearing me. I heard you New dude ain't her new dude. You just never knew. Oh wait, there's always smoke. Well, there's smoke, there's fire all the time. All you have to do is pick. Well, I've said, I've said why? If I'm not mistaken, I think he tweeted something about, You know you sleep with somebody else when I was Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Mercy. Listen, if the tweet goes out, there's where there's smoke, there's fire. So there you go. There you go. Oh, the, the plan B is always there. It's, it's always there. She might not cheat on you, but she know who got next. Come on now. We've been doing this a long time. Oh. We do not live in delusion. We live in reality based on experience. You down in the chair more. Listen boy. Yeah. Step, step. Hey, hey, step, step one. No ones now. He won't play with you.


You slipping. You slip up if you want to. Ooh. Oh man. Yeah. Who, who, who? I from the crib, man. Man, you can't do no joy doing like that else. Who else you mess around playing around with your girl and they Steph future Trey songs before he got in trouble. You know, you know with the little incident Trey Drake? Yeah. Hold on, let me, lemme go. I got just one more, one more. See if, if you got, if you got that paper that can put 'em on the private planes, Chris Brown and bring them to you, You know, you and your girl going through it and you know somebody, you know, she, You know, you know fine.


Oh yeah. All right. Oh, oh, she unhappy. All right. I don't, I don't want no kind of, I, I don't, I don't want no kind of problem. Yep. It's a dirty game, man. I sitting out here tweeting, talking about I had you last week, by the way. My new beat batter. Oh, oh. They go, oh, they going at it. It's, oh, hey. Petty, petty boy. Oh, Joe, let that go. OOIA that go man, listen. The game of the game, huh? You just under, you gotta keep it what they call it. You gotta keep it P huh.


I don't know what that mean, but I, I, it sound right in this situation. You gotta keep it P huh? Sometimes you get them. Yeah, Lord. Sometimes you get God, but you live to play another day. You gotta remember. Huh? She's not yours. It's just your turn. Stay with, stay with me now. She's not yours. It's just your turn. Damn, damn, damn. Come on now. Hey, listen, you've been around long enough, you hear me?


I've been number two. Yeah. I've been number two long enough to know all the tricks and the games and the trade and the come on. Now in my twenties and my thirties, I'm almost 50. Why do you think I'm trying to, to wave my white flag? Man? I don't wanna, I don't wanna play. I don't wanna play no hole. You, you can have, you can have y'all, y'all can have that. I, I don't wanna play. Well, my, have my dog Ocho coming in out the rain. Man, it time for me to put the old the lock. I'm hanging it up, man. I'm hanging it out. Well, it's a dirty game. Drake and De Rosen's relationship soured at the later period on stage at Kendrick Lamars the Popeye counselor and dance to Scathing Date. Distra. Yeah.


Distra not like us. Der Rosen also appeared in official video of the song that came out the next month. Remember when DeMar told me on Club Shehe, no matter what, when it comes to him, he'll forever have a friend and me and loyalty out of me because he carried, he was one. He was there for me when everything was kind of going crazy. I mean, that's what DeMar Dero told me on Club Shehe. Now that's a lie. He told me, but that's what he said. Listen, DeMar in Toronto, obviously he had a relationship with Drake. I don't know the extent of that relationship when DeMar was there.


Yeah, it was very good. It was very good. But, and then I, you, you think about DeMar, the Rosen's background being from la from Comp Compton. Yeah. From Compton where Kendrick Lamar is from. I understand the whole loyalty aspect of things, you know, off the court when you're not in Toronto, you are from Compton. I do understand Drake's side of it, but hold on. You. Oh, you ma homie, man. Yeah, you my dog. You should really have no horse in this race. You understand? There's a, this song that's about me. I know that's where you from, but I thought we was cool. You ain't gotta be in the video and all.


You ain't got to be Crip walking and you know, throwing up the, you ain't gotta be doing all that, you know? So, okay. That's who we on. That's the type of time we on all Drake did take, Drake done, took notes, then jotted everybody number down, not number jotted everybody name down that jumped on that bandwagon. The opportunity. Yeah, he did when he was at war to take they personal shots as well. They okay. It's own bet be. That's what it is. At night. It was 99 against one. Huh? It was 99 against one. And there's only one way Drake could win. And that's in the booth.


Continue making great music like you wrote me. That's it. I ain't coming out no dis tracks. I'm just gonna make this, I'm just gonna make this stuff that's gonna sell the screaming and, and people gonna like that. He just put album doing what he does best. An album for the ladies. Yeah. An album for the women. Oh, he, listen, two things can be true. You can lose a battle and still be sitting right on top. You can lose a battle. Don't mean you lost the war. There's a difference. He lost the battle.


He just lose the, he usually did like J Cole. J Cole. He got outta that quick. Now I'll go ahead and have it. JJ Cole say, I don't want no part of that. Understand, understandable. What or what didn't make a whole lot of sense. Yeah. Still does it. I mean, look, the, the song had a catchy phrase. And I mean, it had a catchy hook. Yeah, it is. It is what it is. But you, Drake, bro, you got a big old jumbo jet. Got a $55 million crib in, in Toronto. Got a big crib in la, got a crib in Houston. Probably got crib in on five continents.


Man, I've let that ride. I'd have let that ride so quick. But it's tough. O you, I get it. Hey, listen, hon, honestly, ding, Kendrick need to be thanking me. They do. For what? Because I chose to play football. You chose the right thing. You'd have been broken head. Who? Boy, you ain't up. Listen, you, oh, I just told you, I just explained to you who I was in junior high, but I was a lover boy. You hear me? I was a lyricist. I was like, NAS, I was like Nas back then in junior high. No. You, you want me to, you want me to rap real quick? The lyrics.


I mean, You know, you talk about Nas, you talk about Big Daddy Kane. You talk about KS one. I listen. I used to rap like Big l you in junior high. My my teacher used to call me outside and had me rap for the principal. That's how good I was. Yeah, man, I tell you, no lie, I tell you. No lie. I, I ha I have so many gifts I really haven't really, really been able to expound on because I just been, I, I just been on the go on the go. Good thing you, you saved the world from having to hear that. And, and we we're very thankful for that.


We're very thankful for that. And we, we greatly appreciate it. O Joe, you look at Rakim different, You know, you talking about lyrics? That's that. I mean, I grew up, I grew up, yes. Nasty work. Big Daddy Kae. Hey, no, hold on. Real quick. Chat. Y'all want me to y'all chat? Y'all want me to give you a quick 16 real quick? Like, y'all don't understand. I come right off the, the top of the head too. Like, I'm special. I'm like Lil Wayne, I'm like, Jay-Z I in junior high. I ain't writing nothing down, man. I know your grades would indicate that.


Oh, oh, I had, oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Your grades. Whoa. Hold on. That in high school, in junior high, boy, I had all, I had 5 0 5 stars in satisfactory. What you talking about? I know. Think about that. You getting say you getting stard in junior high? Yeah, I was in the buffalo in the back. I know, I know. Yeah. I I do. I I know exactly. Shit. Oh damn. I curse same class the whole day. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.


Call room. Here. Spell it here. Math here. I tell you. No loud boy. Hey, I better leave the, I joke was in the same classroom, had the whole day when it was time to go to lunch, we had the whole hand. Yeah, I know. I know. Huh. Man, you need help on your man. You, you really need help.


What's up everybody? I'm Travon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four Asia Is elite. Okay. Okay. I, I'm mad em, I left them off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest Obsession about the wonderful World that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on Shank, that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events, starting at the Indy 500. Join me as a travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from carting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut. And we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexie Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok. And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball, and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis, insight, stories, and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Lil Wayne's daughter, RA Carter. Clap back at those heading on Wayne's SNL 50 performance after Wayne performed a madly of his hit songs during the Sunday show. The roots acting as his back backing band. Some people use his performance as an example of why he wasn't selected to play the Super Bowl. When Argenate caught wind of the comments, she defended her dad on the Shade Room, Instagram comments. She was very clearly pointed out that her father was well paid for his time while the Super Bowl performers didn't get any money to play. Y'all are some D riders. My dad has been having fun performing for years. He's truly himself when he hits the stage. Go play with y'all mofo kids. He collected a check after this.


Y'all get there. What are y'all getting for Hating not a deep a listen. I, i understand resonate. You know that, that that's from a dog. You know, and You know, you, you gotta defend your daddy. You gotta defend your daddy. You know, everyone's going to have an opinion. Why? They gonna have an opinion uncle that just, that's the world we live in. You know, they want Lil Wayne to, to look and perform a certain way based on what we're used to seeing from Lil Wayne. But, but, but you don't get no performance like that at a event like SL there's only so much you can do. There's only So you can do, you know? Right. There's only, so, I mean, if, if, I mean, if he, like would, if I could see him at a performance like a Woodstock or a rolling Loud or something like that, I could have something to judge it by.


But I'm not gonna judge Lil Wayne performance right at s and l 50 and compare it to somebody performing at the Super Bowl. That's two different than them two different big. I think what they, they're talking about based on what they, I I, I didn't see it. I didn't see it. But the only thing they can compare it to, maybe the energy, maybe the stage presence. May, maybe, yeah. I, that, that's the only thing I can think of. That's the only thing I think of. Because when you think about Lil Wayne performing, I think energy, excitement, engaging with the crowd, getting everybody going. I tell you what, who wanna see Lil, let's just say it for verses who wanna see Lil Wayne or no verses hold.


If you put Lil Wayne in the verses, who the hell he gonna go against? There's only, that's, there's only, that's what I, for people that can actually have the catalog to even go against it. Me, right? Nah, they don't have no, they people don't even sell catalogs no more. You gotta go online and see it. I mean, I, I mean catalog. I'm speaking of his body of work as far as music is, is, is is. Okay. I, I know what you're talking about. I'm, I'm, I'm, well, I thought, I thought Tim and beat Swiss Beat. What's Swizz?


I thought they was gonna be, I I bought, I thought they was about to start a versus opening. That would've been good. That would've been good. But I don't think anybody would, would probably watch as much as they did before. Because it was good. Because everybody had to be in the house. Wouldn't nobody Yeah. Using Covid. Yeah. Covid was going on. So that was a, that was the perfect timing to do something like that. Who y'all wanna see who y'all like to see Battle? Wayne? Some people say Kanye. Okay, that's a good one. Because Kanye has the catalog to be able to, to to match. Now the sounds have got, there are completely different. The sounds of the music are, this is Apples oranges still great in their own right, but completely different.


I say Lil Wayne, Jay-Z Jack, let's give it up. Fellow Cinco. Okay. Ocho, your first word is boudoir. What? When I lie awake in my boudoir, it's a old fashioned word for a bedroom. Say it again. B boudoir. B boudoir. No, boudoir B bir Prince had a song. When I lie awake in my Bois, I think of you. Do you think of me? Boo Boo.


B boudoir Bir. BB double O-D-U-A-B-O-U-D Oi r. That a that's a good one. Now you just gave me a word I never heard before. I never heard nothing like that. So now I've read the thesaurus nigga. Front to back. Front to back. I've read the thesaurus. I've never heard that before. Yeah, I guess I think you about to skip the, the, the bees. How about this here? Poignant. Poignant. He made a very poignant point. P-O-N-I-E-N-T-P-O-N-I-E-N-T. Poignant.


P-O-I-G-N-A-N. Oh, come on Po man. What are we doing? Hold on, let me, let me slow down a little bit. Let lemme slow down a little bit. 'cause I, I'm, I'm being, I'm being, I'm being too, I'm being too fast. I'm being too slick. Guillotine, like the chokehold, like what I'm gonna do to James Harrison. Yes. Actually there was a device that was used to behead somewhat in French in France. So they, Chuck brought y'all to the guillotine. They let it down and off with the monkey's head. Ooh, that's a good one. Hey, you know, guillotine, you know, I don't know how to spell that man. Hold on. I remember. Listen, remember Braveheart, remember the, the movie Braveheart when he screamed Freedom?


Yes. Yeah, yeah. Yes. I mean, that was a ax, but still, same concept. Guillotine. Gee, gee. G Man, forget this. G-E-I-G-U-I-L-L-O-T-I-A. I ain't even finish guillotine. No, you already off. You was already off. Damn. Yes. How about this OCHO reconnaissance? What? When they send you out, when they send you out to check something out before you have to go out and do it, they sent OCHO out on reconnaissance.


That was in the Army Mission reconnaissance. Yes. R-E-C-O-N-A-I double. S-A-N-C-E. Damn. Incorrect. R-E-C-O-N-N-A-I-S-S-A-N-C-E. Reconna. But hey, listen, I'm feeling good too, and I'm, I'm spelling these words with confidence and they wrong. You confidently wrong. Okay, call on this one. Ocho. I promise you, I promise you. Rapport. Rapport. Yes.


R-E-P-O-I-R-E-R-A ppp. Damn. ORT. Rapport. It's a good sense of understanding and trust. Yeah. 'cause me, me and my quarterback, we had a great rapport. Hey. Yeah. I'm, I'm over for four. Huh? 1, 2, 3, 4. No, you on for five. Damn, for real. What's this other word? So you can't even say a word. Oh, you ain't gonna get this one. Poor manto. Oh, a port manto.


Oh, a poor manto. I had, it was a alu. It's a large suitcase. Hey, what, what's, say the word again? Port manto. Where, where you getting these words from? The, the sars that you supposedly had read. I, I, I listen, I I read it. I read it 'cause I, I, I studied. Damn. Hold on now. Port Manto or po O-U-R-M-A-N-T-L-E-P-O-R-T-M-A-N-T-E-A-U po.


Manto. I don't, I don't And y'all cheat. Y'all cheat me over there. Somebody over there cheat me because, and and I know nobody in the chat. I know y'all not laughing 'cause they, y'all ain't know how to spell none of them words too. It's okay. It's okay to be real. It's okay to be real and don't lie. Alright, don't. Yo, now it is time to dunk. All right, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Where we at? Okay. Hey Chad. Here we go man. Dunk on Hunt. Tonight will be based on black history and some pop pop culture since we are in February. And it is Oh yeah. Oh Lord. Have mercy. Oh yeah. Chad, we got him right here. Chad, we got him. Lemme know when you're ready, Chad.


Go ahead. Stay with me and don't put the answers in the chat. Born in 1867, this entrepreneur is often cited as a first female self-made millionaire in the US Thanks to her successful haircare products for black women. C Walker. Somebody told you that, huh? Hey, you read that in the chat. Okay, here we go. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. She refused to give a proceed on a Montgomery, Alabama bus in 1955, sparking the bus boycott and further igniting the Civil rights movement.


What was her middle name? Rosa Parks. I wish I could tell you, Joe. Okay. Now I just gave you that easy one just to get you in the flow of things. Okay? I appreciate that The Harlem Renaissance was propelled by this poet's work, including Harlem. What happened to Langton Hughes? You stop playing Shane. Give let log in right quick. I just have to look doubt. Hey, hold, hold, hold on on, hold on now. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Now. Something is a little sketchy. Now. Now who knight have you, were you briefed on these questions?


Did they give you something to study before we did this? 'cause I'm trying to, how, before I even finish, you know, asking the question you answering because I don't want you to say the Chad help me out. That's why I'm answering them fast. Because you gonna say the Chad, me, Chad one. I understand. I get that one. Now the rest of 'em, you, I ain't even finishing. You just throwing a, you throwing the answer out there? Yeah, I black, I went to a black school. I mean, I, I should know a little something. Okay, here we go. Known as the Moses of her people. She was an abolishing, abolitionist abolitionist who guided dozens of enslaved individuals to freedom via the, nah, this ain't fair.


Who was this? What was her nickname? Don't gimme her real name. What was her nickname? Harriet. What was her nickname? You said? She was named Black Moses. Okay. Yeah. Okay. You got that one. You got that one. Alright, here we go. Here we go. What fictional HBCU was attended in the show. A different world human. Okay, hold on. Okay. Okay. In Family Matters. What was Steve Kels more attractive swab, alter ego.


Oh, hold on. Yeah. Gotti. Gotti. Yeah. Stepan. I know that one. Stefan. Stefan. Yeah. Hey, you and you. Nah man, I, Hey Chad, time out. Time. I need, I need to talk to like, because your questions were somewhat easy and the fact that you went to A-H-B-C-U, it made it even easier for you. Now when it came to me, now I know I was a spelling, spelling beehan from 1985 to 1997. But the words that I'm being asked to spell are so far extreme, bro.


Do you, do you see the words those little kids be spelling? Yeah, but the, that is, that is their profession. That's their profession. Bad. Them kids, trust me, they can spell, but they know a lot more ish than spell it worse. Most of those kids are homeschooled and they be graduating like 13. See, that's the problem. I wasn't homeschooled now, you know, I was, I was in the back of the bungalow in the, in the, in the, you know. Damn man. I, I went, oh, for five, I, I, that don't sit Oh, oh for six. You ain't had to say that. You ain't have to throw that there. And I was, I was so confident about tonight too.


Chad, I let y'all down. Chad, I apologize. Like on, on behalf of me. I, I I really apologize. I let y'all down and I'm embarrassed. Not just myself, but I embarrassed y'all as well.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five Dirk four Paige Is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen To Goat greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful World that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events, starting at the Indy 500. Join me as a travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from carting to nascar, even Formula One. Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut, we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexie Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And This is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We wanna Share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Ocho. A husband threw away a wife's Valentine gifts that her boss got her. Oh, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm made this picture lay change. I made this picture. Let's just say RA works in corporate America. She come home balloons, couple of gifts, flowers. Hey Ra, where you, what's what's where you getting that from? My boss gave me, my boss got this for me. We, the floor is yours. We wouldn't be together That him ball on. Listen, lemme take my, lemme take my glasses off real quick.


I know, I I know I play around a lot. You know, I play around a lot. I I'm make a lot of jokes and there's a lot of things that don't play about right individuals that I'm dealing with on how you move when you, when, when you are attached to my name. Okay. I don't, I don't play them games. It's a, it is a certain site, it's a certain thing about, about respect And if, if you respect me, if you know your boss gave you something at work, you ain't even bringing that home just outta respect. Whether it was that's going in the trash, it's going, it's going news gas station.


And not just outta respect. I, I don't, I don't, I don't play them games. And the fact, let's say if you do bring them goddamn gifts in the house where I'm probably paying them mothering bills and you trying to be funny 'cause that's what I'm considerate. I'm considering you trying to be funny, but then I'm gonna make it a comedy show. I'm not even gonna say nothing. You want to be funny. I'm going to make it a comedy show. And that's just the way I've always been, you know, right from wrong. You know about respect. You know what you should and shouldn't do. I'm not your guardian. I'm not your parents. I'm not Finn, I'm not finna scold you. I ain't gonna say nothing.


I just move accordingly to how you operate. Whatever you do. I'm doing the same too. Talk to me man. But I got a better question. I'm trying to figure out what have you been doing at work to make your boss a minute feel comfortable enough to buy you something to get minute you flowers wait to get you below. Yeah. Wait, that's what that hard, but did he do it for everybody or did he just do it for you? That's what I'm saying. You, first of all, you know he ain't anybody, everybody know gifts. Barry bosses are cheap.


I ain't cheap, but I damn sure everybody, nobody no Valentine's. I ain't cheap. But you ain't getting no Valentine's. As a matter of fact, I ain't telling nobody happy Valentine's. What, what the hell is that? So that's what, oh, I, I'm being, and Chad, I think y'all gonna bang me up on this for somebody to feel comfortable enough to get your girl or your, it's, and, and women, this applies to you, his boss or a coworker feel comfortable enough to get your man flowers gift to get your man a different general to get your man a gift. And I mean, You know, you know what else that mean? That means she's already put her boss in a comfortable position where he feels it's okay to do so.


That there you go. And see, I ain't got no problem with the boss at all because I ain't in no relationship with the boss. I, I'd never, I'd never check a guy, never about somebody I'm dealing with. That's your job. Never. I ain't never approached those a I a I ain't, I got a question for you and I I'll chat. Y'all stay with me real quick. Yeah. For, and I'm there, there's a couple of fellas, fellas in here and just, it just goes back to just the thought about respect and other guys doing things and women trying to move and just, just this, you could be honest with me. Have you ever been side dude at any point in your life?


Be be honest. I mean, we family, we could talk and fellas in, in the chat. I think I have, have you evert been the side dude, I'm, I'm just, just be, you can be honest. You can talk to me. We family bro. I'm about to be 57. I'm pretty sure I'm knowingly been the side dude with understanding how things work, how women lie, how women are sneaky. Just, just, you can be honest. I mean, it ain't okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. But here's the thing. It's for me, but that then I just, I then I just remember like, you know what, I just have to remove myself because the longer you in a situation, don't your man.


I mean the it is hard. It is hard. Yeah. The are gonna get involved. You start talking to that person. You spend time with that person. You, you be intimate with that person. It's hard to just keep, okay. You, you got him. I got it. Ain't it ain't hard. Eventually somebody gonna break it. It, it ain't hard. It ain't hard because Wildwood you under with a great understanding as number two, you get all the fun. You ain't got no responsibilities. You get the best version of her. Why the hell would I want to be promoted to number one and I'm living the life he gotta deal with knitting.


He gotta deal with the bullshit. But I don't get that though. Ocho you know, I don't get that. Women sleep with seven other guys. They wanna settle down with me. You what? I Oh, I asked, I asked the Lord to send me something. Send me somebody. He damn sure what me. Hey, I'm just like the other guy. I'm just dropping the cracks off to you, baby. Oh no, I ain't no sir. It ain't me. He ain't send me to you. He sent me to drop off what those other, but I'm, I'm just, I'm saying that and using that analogy for better context with the whole ball thing and the comfortability and feeling comfortable enough to bring a package that someone else gave you and bring it home into a house where I'm assuming the man, you know, pays the bills.


If she's that comfortable, she already doesn't respect you. She, she already doesn't. And then you got her to say, well when you gonna sleep? What? Oh yeah. Yeah. That's why I never, I uhuh, I I ain't never, like, after I heard my grandmother say how when she was living on somebody else's property, how those, those people would come by and bring 5, 6, 7 loads of clothes on Sunday after they get back from church Ocho and they would have to have those clothes washed. So now you gotta start a fire and put those clothes in that pot to get the hot water. Yeah. And you gotta have those clothes ready by Monday. And they say, well Lou, if you don't have these clothes ready, you gonna have to move on.


I said, oh no, I'd never gonna let somebody put me in that situation. Hey, that's, that's, that's, that's one of, that's one of the worst feelings there, boy. That's one feelings. That's why you hell no. That's why you always hear me when I say so something that I've always mastered. I've always, and I've mastered it to a t with the kind of discipline I had when it came to being great at the game of football, managing my expectations because I was on the other side of the fence for so long because I was on the other side of the fence for so long. I have great understanding that it can happen to me. Yeah. So when it does happen to me, it's easy for me to compartmentalize and remove myself. It's easy Now you other hand, we rethink differently.


Yeah, but I, I already go into, I'm not, I'm just speaking in general. I already go into situations with great understanding. Well, hell, if I was on the other side of the fence, well, who the hell am I to have the motherfucking ego in pride to think it can't happen to me? Me. Oh, I'm, I'm not no fool for sure. I ain't no goddamn damn do. But anyway, I, I just can't believe she actually boil the gifts home and had the nerve, the record. Do you think that was a, you think that was a skin atory recorded in the face? Ain't no telling. I think the thing for me, ocho Hey, back in the day, if you saw, if you saw A-A-U-P-S in your girl phone, that was me. Hold on. USI was dropping off a package once a week. Oh that.


Yeah. I was dropping off a package once a week. That's all on choke. That's it. Hey, you know what's funny? You know, you know what's funny? I'm just in better context too, to buy you and dropping your UPS package off once a week. How long it take to deliver something, man? Hell no. Not long. Listen, because I'm on the clock, man. Lexington, you see, hey, we, hey, you see them, you see UPS, they get under the truck, they running fed, they running and fool, they hit the feet step on the gas. I that's, I was, Hey, that's as long as it takes. That's as long as it takes. Yeah.


What, what's that? Oo, slowly 89, 10 minutes you get oil changed. A ps a you, you been in nascar, you see the star. You not, they dragging like, like I always say on the way I'm gone, the famous saying, the game is the game and it will always be the same. That's why you gotta learn how to play it. Yeah. It's, yeah. Don't bring that back. Don't bring that back no more. Look, don't bring that lady. Don't bring the packages home. Somebody hear you. Something If you, if if where they want. If someone gives you a package and you bring it home, UNC, she don't just, she don't respect you.


She don't respect you. Yeah. There's certain things you just know you shouldn't be doing. The Volume.


You, I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. So You might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love It. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, It's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.