
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. Earlier this year, I was sick and I spent my Sunday watching the Blade Trilogy in full. I was so fascinated with the storyline that I didn't realize. It took me about a half a day to watch every single movie. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. 12 hours. That's how long it takes for Kendrick Perkins to touch his toes. I mean, this bacon is cooking for a long time. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat, Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani Halsey Hozier. She's Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows Thomas Red Victoria Monet in more buy tickets now with A x s.com. Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of ika, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women history has forgotten.


Who doesn't love a sports story? The rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the Sprinter fighting for Aboriginal rights. Listen to Woman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Volume, The 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sportsbook and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more.


Download the Drafting Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.


See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. Okay, the FALs had had a bowl off season move in the NFL signing Kirk Cousins to a four year $180 million deal. Also drafted Michael Pennix Jr. With the number eight pick in the 2024 NFL draft team owner, Arthur Blank made the case for why fathers whom he labeled independent thinkers were wise to Alice Kate, a substantial resource to a pair of quarterback just listening to our coaching staff and our personnel department.


They made a really, they made a decision Michael was going to be available at number eight. They saw an extraordinary talent. Kirk Cousins is our franchise. Starting quarter is our franchise quarterback is our starting quarterback. What'd you think about that? You li you you like that don't Joe? Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. Listen, Kirk Cousins is great. He's great in the postseason. I think if I'm not the regular Kirk, Cousins has regular, I'm sorry, in the, in the regular season, if I'm not mistaken. Kirk Cousins has what? One one playoff victory. Yes. And I'm not sure I'm, and and I'm not sure in how many years, but he is stellar. He is stellar in the postseason. Drake, London, Kyle Pitts, Bijan Robinson are going to pay tremendous dividends with having him at the helm.


He's great. But again, we understand how difficult it is for team. They're 32 teams. There are 32 teams, there are 32 teams, and there are many of these teams that are trying to find a quarterback that can, that they can build around, that can be consistent year in and year out. You don't have to worry about the, the position. You got Lamar Jackson, you got the Joe Burrow, the Josh Allens, the Jalen Hertz obviously Dak with the Cowboys. Many teams don't have that security blanket. The Falcons do. They found one in Kirk Cousins when they were, when they traded for him or when they were able to get him. Then they also found one in a draft that you couldn't pass up. Right. Kurt coming off an Achilles injury beam. Right. They have security on both sides. Right. We know what we can, we know what he can do. He has a extensive resume in the regular season, but there's a talent that's gonna be available at eight and Michael Penning Jr.


You don't pass that up. You don't pass that up. You know, Michael Penning Jr. Is your quarterback of the future. And hell even this year, I think if Kirk Cousins doesn't play to the standards in which they like and see Fit Michael, they'll Get up about the 1-year-old Joe. Huh? They gonna get off him after one year. Boy, you know how it is. Well, you, you not playing well. You not playing well. And the same thing goes with my boy. The same thing goes for my my guy. We, we think it's gonna be a quarterback battle over in Pittsburgh. Oh yeah. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. But here's the Thing though. Ocho ocho Love, I love what Justin Field is done. Russell Wilson is going to be the quarterback of that franchise over there in Pittsburgh. And if things aren't going well, Justin Fields will see the field.


That's it. And I think the same thing will happen for Kirk Cousins as well. If you're sticking up the place and putting the team, the team in jeopardy. And as far as winning's concerned, they're going to turn that over to Michael Pitton Jr. There's only so much, there's only so much losing that they're going to take. The difference is Pittsburgh ain't invest no money in Ross. Right. They invested three, they invested what, three, four, $5 million. Yeah, but I, I'm, I'm from a, from a business standpoint I understand, I understand what you're saying. You know? Right. Because the Broncos is footing the, their Broncos had already guaranteed that money, so he already get like 35, 30 8 million from the Bronco. Right. So he only getting like, Pittsburgh only paid like 3 million.


Yeah. But hey listen, it's, it is, it is Russ job. I I I see the media, you know, scrumming up. Oh, Justin Fields has been having camp. He's, he's, he's head, you know, he's, he's getting the good reps in. But listen, I'm, I'm, I'm going Mike Tomlin, you understand Arthur Smith, Russell Wilson. He has a resume. His season wasn't even that bad last year in, in Denver. I think people are failing to realize that his season wasn't that bad last year in Denver. You have a quarterback that has an extensive resume that has experience on what it takes to win. You have a Super Bowl champion quarterback. You have a Super Bowl champion head coach. You understand that. It's Arthur Smith's job to understand Russell Wilson's strengths is in and his weaknesses and play to that.


And I think you'll be fine. You got Najay Harris to take some of the pressure off of Russ. You got George Pickens who is him. Yeah. Whenever they did with Pook Ko and moving him around and, and and allowing him to get the ball. They knew to do the same thing with George Pickers over there in Pittsburgh. But it's not that hard. It's not ocho. But the one thing when you, what do you notice about Cooper Kub? What do you notice about Puka? Kuah. It's all that effort. Every single play. Yeah. Always. Oh, oh, oh, I know where you're going. I see where you're going. That's it. I see Where you're going. That's the only I talent is there. He might be more talented. Might be physic more physically gifted. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I can't, I can't teach you effort Ocho.


You got to have that in you. And I can't have to remind, Hey son, I need you. I need you to try hard, son, I need you. I I can't do that. Ocho Yeah. On the on the run plays. On the run plays on the Run plays. Yeah. That's the ocho because if I'm a running back, you ain't blocking for me. Why I need to pick this b lifts up so you can get a pass On play action. Yeah. You right. You Right. Eco asked me to stick my, that linebacker coming right up there and you know, he coming with and linebacker ain't trying to dodge nothing. They try to, they try to run Your butt sample. Oh, they run right. They were running right through you. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, I think I, I think, I think he learned his lesson. He learned his lesson last year. He gonna be all right. But, but I agree. But boy, that's a lot of money to get off of Ocho.


If what if cousins doesn't, doesn't pan out. But this is the, this is the funny thing. It's Kirk Cousins. He always pans out in the regular season. Yeah man, Drake, London is going to feast. Kyle Pitts is going to feast. He is a yardage monster in the regular season. He just hasn't been able to get his teams over the hump in the postseason. That's it. No, no. I can't say he ain't got no dog in him. I'm saying that. No, he needs to put out that effort. Not just when he's getting the ball. Right. Because Acho, if, if I know it's a look, if I know oh oh, it's a run, I can tell the way you coming off the ball. Right. You do know they, they watch defenders, they watch.


I can look and see how much pressure I can see. I can look and see if a guy, if a D Lineer got light. Oh, y'all about to run a game, huh? Because why would your hand not be have that kind of pressure in the dirt? Because if you got pressure in the dirt, that means you're going forward. See, when you light ocho, you gotta get up out there. 'cause they about to do a game. They're about to do a, a tee or et. Oh, you don't think I see that? A you finna run a game? Yeah. Yes. I'm looking at all the keys. I'm trying to get as, as big advantage as I can to try to make my job easier. Right. Your line. How you lining up? Man, stop all that. You ain't coming. Look what a safety of you doing all that dancing. If you, if he way back there and you come, if I just turn around, who gonna cover me?


Nobody. So stop all that dancing. Get back where you supposed to be. You know you finna drop in the hook. Shut up. Right, right, Right. You ain't fooling nobody all that dancey. Yeah. Damn. Well they not coming now. I see that safety inching down. Oh you coming because he pick me up. Hey, you know what, you know what's funny now that you mentioned that and trying to pick up the keys before the snap of the ball. We used to play the Steelers. You know the Steelers had all these exotic coverages. All these exotic blitzes. Yeah. On the goddamn dick Lebo. And the funniest thing that they used to do is when they used to bring everybody to the line of scrimmage.


Yeah. And Troy Polla Malu would be sitting in the A gap and Carson sometimes will be thinking the blitz is coming and at the snap of the ball everybody run to where they gotta be at. And it would be the, the the craziest thing to see. And Malu got his back to the ball Man. Back to the ball and still getting where he has to be. He does before Carson finishes and drop. And it though, it was amazing that for one, you gotta have the personnel to pull that shit off. Oh for sure. And the only two teams that I ever seen that had the personnel do some of the exotic stuff that these defenses did and now was the Baltimore Ravens during the two thousands and the Pittsburgh Steelers during the two thousands, they did things that you're not supposed to be able to do.


It's one thing to bluff, it's one thing to have movement, but to have the safeties at the line of scrimmage and shooting up outta there at the snap of the ball and still, and still be on point and in position to make a play was unbelievable to see. Oh Joe, the thing, if you go back and study the Ravens, the Ravens weren't that complex. They played cover two but you couldn't run. The reason why the Ravens were so difficult is because you couldn't run 'em out of it. They never had to drop the safety down to come up out of that coverage. Where You running? The Ravens played 16 games. Yeah. They didn't give up a thousand total rush yards the entire season. Prior season.


That's crazy. Let that sink in ladies. And that's Crazy. In 16 games, they didn't give up a thousand total rush yards on the entire season. In 16 games they gave up 165 points. It's crazy. And in one game, if I'm not mistaken, they gave up 35 in one game. I think we'll probably we'll never see a defense like That again. No, Never. Cleveland. We played Cleveland in 2000. They got 86 yards on their first drive. And I think they had 30 yards the rest of the game.


As soon as things settled in it was a wrap. Huh? They got the opening, they got the opening kick Ocho. Right. And they went right down and scored. Right. And for the rest of the game, I think they might have had 30 yards. You wanna know something? Go back and look at the play by play and look at the Giants in the Super Bowl and look at what they did. Punt, punt turnover. Punt turnover. Turnover. Punt turnover. Punt, punt kick return, punt, punt pick. Go, go look at, go look at the ocho. I mean I'm like, it's, it's ridiculous. Yeah. I mean it was like, bro, that ain't, I'm like, bro, that ain't gonna work. Yeah. I said, y'all gonna get YA care.


Collin gonna get y'all blown up because Jamie and Ray was teeing off because you couldn't hold it. We didn't know you couldn't hold it. You wasn't gonna go deep because GOs because Rob Burnett, Mike McQueary, Peter Bowell wasn't gonna let you go deep. They gonna hit you in your back. So we know you gotta run little crossing route. And Ja, and, and, and Jamie and Ray were just sitting there just picking people off. Heavy. Well heavy pick one went back for a touchdown because they didn't know the ball gotta come out quick. You ain't throw nothing over head, you got no time. Who y'all had, y'all had Dway star DD and Chris McAllister. Chris McAllister.


Yeah. Chris mc. Nice. Right. And Robert Bailey. Robert Bailey was the slot. No, Robert, Robert was, he was when they went four. But Cory Harris with the nickel slot and then Robert Bailey, you know Robert Bailey would? Yeah. Yeah, I know Rob. Yeah. Hell yeah. Goddamn Rob. Oh that's classic man. Oh Joe, check this out. Yeah, DJ. Moore enjoyed a career, first season with the Bearers. Now Moore is the richest bears player in their franchise history. After signing a Monster four year contract worth $110 million, the extension will keep him tied to the number one rookie overall pick Caleb Williams for the foreseeable future more revealed during Barry Press conference today. He really did dread getting traded to Chicago at first.


Mm. It's cold, But bro, it's cold as, think about Ocho, it's cold as Chicago. It's cold in Green Bay. Yeah. At least, at least now you inside of Minnesota, people would've realized Minnesota used to be outside too Back in the day. Yeah. Yes. So can you Imagine On Imagine Man please lemme play Green Bay in September, please. Lemme play Minnesota in September. Yeah. You did not wanna be gonna No Minnesota in Green Bay in no December and January. No sir. Yeah. Or Chicago. Yeah. I like, I like DJ Moore. He's been consistent. I like, I like Duke. He, he, he's been quietly consistent. He doesn't make much noise. He doesn't talk a lot. He's not flashy. He just goes out there and he gets the job done. He had a good year with Justin Fields last year.


Yeah. He had, he had a good year with Justin Fields last year. So this contract is warranted. The market is what it is. It's a friendly, I call it a team friendly contract. He wasn't trying to break the bank and be the highest paid receiver. But it is, it is a team friendly contract. And it's good, I think with Caleb Williams and what I've seen from him from college, the small sample size of what I've seen from him so far in training camp. They're going to be fine. They're gonna be fine. I mean, he, he deserves it. He deserves it. Oh Joe, check this out. The NFL new kickoff rules, onside kicks are illegal until the fourth quarter. Quarter Until the fourth quarter. Yeah. The team must be losing to onside kick team must announce its intention to onside kick to the official ahead of time.


The NFL is also moving closer to replacing chain game with new technology to measure the line to game. Or they gonna use Hawkeye, right? Like in tennis? Yeah. Yeah. The league will set the test Sony's Hawkey equipment technology during the preseason game. You, you, you ocho I I kept trying tell people they're doing everything they possibly can to get the kickoff out the game. Yeah. They're, 'cause they're, they're looking at 30, 40% of the injuries the concussions happen on both kickoff Running to each other. Running to each other at a high speed. At a high rate. Speed. Yep. Speed. Yeah. I mean, I like it. I like it. If anything NFL obviously being worried about safety, trying to implement a 18 game season.


I think this is in the right steps of, of doing just that and eliminating the kickoff. But again, the dimensions of the field are still the same. Concussions still happen in game and in play. So I mean, you can do all you can to try to be safe, but there are still other measures that can, that can happen as far as changing the dimensions of the field and making it a little wider, you know, to try to eliminate some of those crushing hits instead of throwing a flag for air. Every little thing like, like we do now. So, I mean, I see the direction in which the NFL is going and trying to protect the players and also protect themselves for, for any issues 10 years down the line.


But I mean, I, I like it. I'm not sure about the kickoff. I think it, it takes away from the excitement and seeing, alright, does this player have a chance to take this one back? Well, talking to Kish, he seems to think there'll be more returns for the simple. You think so? Yeah. He said, because once you hit a crease, you go, I mean if, as long as those players stay once you stay in your lane and you lock in and you, and boom, you Yeah. You shed, you'd be able to shed left or right. It's, it is really nowhere to go because there's not as much room, it's not as much room to set things up as a returner. All he gotta do Why you think a lot of them are using are using positional players to kick off?


Because they're gonna have to be making a lot more tacklers than Justin Reed is gonna be perfect. Right. 'cause he's a tackler. Okay. I see what you mean. I see what you mean. I ain't trusted, I ain't trusting my kicker too many times to make a game. Say, hey, he might make one, maybe two. I ain't I much past that Ocho I ain't trusting him in big making no game saving tackles no touchdown saving tackle. That's that. But yeah, I, I get it. I understand Ocho But here's, here's the problem. the NFL is running into how do you make an inherently dangerous game safe? It's like bull. It's like bull riding. Ocho at the end of the day, you're still asking 150 pound, 160 pound man to get on a 1500 pound bull.


Yeah, Listen, put, you can get him a harness. You can shave his horns down. You get him a helmet, help you do All that. They put a helmet. It's still s No matter what. Get all that. Get the chance. There's still the chance. 150, 160 pound man. Yeah. On 1500 pounds of muscle. Yeah. Yeah. There's always a chance no matter what you do, there's only so much you could do as far as making the game safe. But hey, kudos for them. For the NFL. Try to make it safe. It seems to me Ocho they're headed to a a 18 game schedule. Yeah. And it's gonna be sooner or later. Remember what I told you Ocho there's only, yeah. The only thing you can sell 'em is extra games.


What else you gonna do? Yeah, That's It. What, what else could I sell? Ocho? Yeah. They all, it is the only one way to make money. It's only one way to make more Money. And it, and it seems like the players are in in agreement with it. Yeah. Because they, they get a piece of the pie as long as they getting a piece of the pie. Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas, September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only On Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Caveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Buzi, the Black Crows. Thomas Rett, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell Out@aaxs.com.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. Through sharing insightful stories and experiences on purpose aims to inspire growth, connection and a deeper understanding of ourselves and others. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom, the challenges he faced, the losses he endured, and his unwavering commitment to helping others and staying true to his values. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you had. What they want to know is what did you do for the people? You know, we happy for you.


You're successful, you're living a great life. But what did you do? How did you come back and give to the community? How did you come and change lives? How did you mentor people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. A woman is going viral for saying that, that men should cover postdate expenses. Let take a listen what she had to say. Pre, Pre and postdate. Listen. See what she gotta say.


Okay. So I just got into my car after going on a date, right? And let me just tell you something. I don't know what the deal is with like men now, but I had told him prior that I will be having pre and post date expenses and is that okay? And are you gonna cover them? And I don't know if he wasn't listening or like what the deal was or whatever, right? But he, when I handed him the white envelope, he looked shocked. And then he opened it and it's receipts. Hello? Pre-post date expenses. Hello. Like what kind of females do you be dating? You know what I'm saying? So anyway, so I handed it to him and he literally looked shocked at me and said, I can't cover this. It was four $78 for pre and post date expenses you asked me on a date.


And mind you, we really didn't even have that good a conversation because he was on his phone the whole time. And I have a very strict no phone policy on dates. Hello. You're here to pay attention to me. Look at all the effort that I had to Then Listen bunking or so we, we that this, this gotta be, I mean, I, I listen there, there, there are women that can get away with this. There are women. Not her. She's not one. She's not one of them. And that, that's no disrespect, that's no slight to her. There are women that can get away with this. There are men, there are men out here that cater to those that can get away with this. And matter of fact, they don't even have to say anything about pre or post-date experience. 'cause they gonna get it Anyway.


O ocho. Okay, I know where to begin, but let's, let's, let's try to unpack this ocho Yeah, we're going on a date. I'm gonna take care of everything. Yes sir. Sir, if you want, if you, if you want to take an Uber, I'll get you Uber Black car. Yes sir. Sir, I'm gonna pay for the date. I'm gonna get you a black car to take you home. I got the date covered. Yes, sir. You going to get your hair done? You going to get makeup done? I ain't paying for that ish. Right? A post date? Hold on. Post re what do, what do you mean post received? I don't, I don't know what post date expenses are. I, I'm, I'm not sure what that Includes on what's, what's post date expenses.


I, I I've never heard of that. That's move First off. And you done came to the envelope that me, the last guy D didn't pay for it. And you try to pass that on down to me. I ain't paying over that issue. Oh no. Oh no. And listen, it depends on who, who you are. Please. Chat. Chat. It depends on where you are in life. Are you having fun? Are you trying to look for something serious? Now? If you're not looking for nothing serious and you understand it's okay to deal with someone like that because that's not an asset. That's all I Yes. And you listen, you already know what a time, you already know what time it is from the jump. I'm gonna have my fun, your post date experience, your, your post date, your predate exp expense, whatever it may be. Oh, you gonna pay that because you want, you're gonna pay that because you want to reach your end goal plan B if you have the to do so.


I guess you Talking about plan B, that's a post date plan BI Joke. I mean, could that be Ocho? I mean, what else could he be Ocho How do you expect a man to cover something that he's not there for? Yeah. So you go out after the date with your girls or you go out with somebody else and you want me. Oh, you going to see somebody else? Yeah. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get you an Uber to go to wherever you going if you want. Go home. Well Shelly, lemme take that back. Shelly's gonna get you an Uber right to get you going wherever you going because I ain't got no Uber. As a matter of fact order your own order, your own Uber.


I'll give you a hundred bucks. I'll give you 200 bucks. Right. It should cover, it should cover where You Gotta go distance in which you came and where you come. So whatever that case may be. Okay. You know what to keep it, to keep it. Everything good. I'm gonna give you 300 bucks to travel to and from. That's should cover it. Hopefully you ain't coming from San Francisco to down to la Damn. Hey, but listen Fella, fella, you, I mean listen, it all depends on where you are in life unc. It all depends on where you are in life. What you looking to do. You looking to have fun or you looking for somebody serious. That was a liability. Sorry to know what time it is from jump. If you're looking for something serious, you find somebody that can deal with, I'm not saying go 50 50.


I'm not saying go 50 50, sometimes 90 10, sometimes 70 30. You find somebody where you meet that you can find that happy medium and meet that middle ground, then that's perfect. That's somebody you can deal with. Yes. Okay. Now, if you're just having fun, you already know what you do. She ain't No fun. You, you, you never know. Well you what? Never know what. As a matter of fact, she might have been playing B or C or D See, See what I'm talking about? And now she gonna keep, she gonna keep, she gonna keep playing The Game. She gonna keep playing the game until you find one that's willing to Do it. I don see the dude that's paying for that because he, you talking about, hey, you talking about low self-esteem, this mofo got no self-esteem. If he pay, if he paying her. Yeah. Yeah.


You Gotta think about it. Hell y'all got up on, hold On, hold on. There now women with entitlement like that, that are talking like that, she's sing and asking for those things because there's been someone in the past that is willing to do it. Yeah. There will always be a man that's willing to do it. Is it, are she going to find one that's willing to do it consistently? Absolutely not. But you do have some that will pay it until they reach their end goal and after they reach their end goal and have their fund, then they're on, they're gone. That's it. And then the cycle starts back over finding someone that's willing to pay it because someone already, someone else already set the precedent. Oh. There's always gonna be a man willing to do it. It's just about Finding. Yeah.


Yeah. But I, I'm just, look here, I ain't Finn, look, I ain't finna tell nobody I'm finna win no modeling contest. I want, you know, I'm saying I ain't been Finn to be on no cover no magazine by, by no chance. I ain't never saw. Oh man. You know when I was, I think probably like in, in, in, in, in college late, my college early, my NFL career. Tyson Beckford all the way. Oh. I won Tyson Beckford. Oh, Crazy. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Oh, oh, he could. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't never claimed to be no Tyson Becker. Right, right. But I don't feel that I, I've never been had so low self-esteem or no self-esteem. Right. That I won't let look, even swap ain't no swindle.


You heard what I'm saying? Ocho? Yes sir. Now if you use me for the ride, I use you for the high. We both get what we want. Come on now. You know what I'm saying? Don't I just keep it real with you all the way. 1000. So Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Stay right there. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Because I got, I gotta, I gotta hit real with that one Man. You can't, you know what I'm saying? So I'm just saying, if I look, if we go and you thinking what I'm thinking, I'm just going to have a good time. Right. I'm gonna get what I can get. Well hell, I'm thinking, hey, we're on the same wavelength because I'm thinking I gonna be a good time. I'm gonna try to get what I can get. Yeah. Yeah. Milk the cow that said, my grandma used to call it, but milk the cow. I'm looking at you and you thinking like, I'm like, huh?


You think that? Yeah, man, it, it's, it's different. That, that's, that, that's, that's, I'm, I'm unc it's all about in today's society, what can they get? What can I get? How is this situation out My face with them ridiculous ideas and demands. That's why I this, I'm, I'm so, I'm, I'm so happy. I'm, I'm like just being in this position, man. Sometimes Rel is 90 and sometimes I'm the 10, sometimes I'm the 30. I'm sometimes, sometimes I'm the 70. Sometimes she's the 30. Either way, at some point it's always equal. Not the a hundred, a hundred, a hundred percent. Every time we doing something, whatever it may be, shoot, some months I might not have nothing coming in.


Guess who gotta pick up the slack? Yeah. Then there's other months. Oh man, I'm rolling. I'm, I'm feeling that goddamn Palo Escobar. Okay. I got everything man. The day. Or they want you to pay for the lashes. They want you to pay for the No, I pay for all that. They want you to pay for the hair or I need an outfit. Oh, I need some heels. Oh, I need a bag. And then you gotta think about you got, you gotta think about today's era. You look at Instagrams on Instagrams. Oh my goodness. You think you, you'll think everybody living large and everybody rich. What I tell you, my grandfather say I am not fattening a frog for another snake to eat. I ain't buying no BBL. Come On man.


I'm not doing that. Yes sir. You want, and if I, I no, if that's what you want. If you want, if you feel you need to enhance your body doing that right, by all means Do. So. If You want to get veneers, if you want to get implants, you want get Botox, whatever. I don't judge. I'm not judging you. Yes sir. I'm just not paying for It. Right, right. I like it. But you know if you do pay for That BI done pay How much BBL cost? 30, 40,000. How much B cost? It cost. It cost that much. How much it cost? Ash? Ash Finn the Google it right quick here.


I'm, I done paid. Hey Ocho, I done paid 35 40,000 for how much it cost? 9,000. Oh. That ain't oh that ain't bad. That that's, Hey, that's shoe, that's shoe money for you nine To 18,000. So I done, That's shoe money. So Let, let's say I done put this in, so I done spent 13,000 sir. Getting you a BL. Right. And then another dude hitting that thing like a silver bank slapping at that plate. Glass ba Oh, I lose dog. And hey, And that's your, that's your, that's your investment. That's what you can Over here laughing. If you pay, if let's say if you pay for a woman's BBL Right. Her breast implants and whatever it may be.


Right. Yeah. And things don't work out. You can ask for that back. She ain't gonna give it back to your joke. She'll give it back to you for, for you all. Listen, if y'all don't work out, tell her to give you your shit back. Because the same way they did that procedure, she can go right back to the doctor and they can take that shit out and you can put it in the freezer and save it for the next one. Nah, ojo you. Oh, you better than me. You better, you better than me. I need all that. What? Something. Gimme gimme them titties and gimme that ass. Give it back. Uhuh hand. That shit over Ojo. Nah, but the thing is, look, once I give you something right, it's yours. I no. Oh no. I give you a curse.


I give you XI give you y it's yours. I ain't haggle about that. I'm haggling. I'm haggling. I'm haggling because if you leaving me, you don't need anything that reminds you of what I'd done while we were together. Yeah. I want heels, I want purses. No, I want that. I want, I want everything ju I want jury, everything. Now I've had, I've, I've had, I've had women get upset with me and give it back. I don't want it. My sister say she'll take that Gucci, she'll take that Louis Vuitton, she'll take that. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. Shit. Gimme that, gimme that, that I'm not ha I'm not finna haggle with you. You want to give it back?


I'm like, no baby, I want you to have it. Please. Nah, you being too nice man. Nah, you being, nah, you being too nice. 'cause now she got your, the stuff you bought your hard earned money and she wearing it on the next date with Philip. That's Okay. Personal Instagram ring Instagram with Philip and your shit. That's all right. I got Quita. Nah, let let Philip let Philip pick up Slack. Me and Quita at the movies. So you, she got Philip, I got Quita. We all win. But now you gotta buy Quita the same thing. So you dub you got now you, now you in, you in your pocket. Too much Ocho. I ain't finna ha, see I ain't Finn the Ocho You have to understand in the position that I'm in now. Right, right. There can be no haggling. Right. There can be no nothing.


I gained nothing. Right. I lose, I'm not in no situ. If, if I was, if I was normal, Joe smoke. Right. Yes. But in the situation, I in the first thing they're gonna do, they're gonna try to go public. They're gonna try to embarrass me. Oh, okay. Okay. I see where you at. Oh. Oh, well I embarrassed about what? Oh, he asked me his stuff back. You got Damn right. Give my shit back. Let O yo, but see, didn't they add a little stuff to it that make you look Unnecessary? Just leave it alone. Okay. Okay. Just leave it alone. Okay. My bad. My bad. I see, I see where you going. I see, I see you going. You got to, man. You got Wait. Hey, I mean, hypothetically speaking.


Hypothetically speaking. Hey bro. Unc well you better than me boy. BBL 13,000. No I ain't babe. No bbl. I'm just saying I'm, I I ain't paying for nothing either. I'm just saying if it just so happened, if it occurred, honey, listen, things ain't, Ain't nobody gonna be riding that wave but me. And, if you come me with a bbl, you best believe I'm all in. Call your boy in. Right, right, right, right. You right. But listen, you better than me. But I'm, Hey honey, listen, before, before you leave, I know you got other people that are interested. I know you got another line. You have a roster that is waiting for you to be free. But before you leave, I need you to run me that ass and rub it t back. And I'm gonna put, I'm gonna put 'em in the freezer until I meet somebody else Need.


Yeah. I'm gonna use, I'm gonna use that again. You the Ocho The only thing like for me is that anybody that I've ever been with, I don't speak negative about 'em. I just keep it moving Now. Me neither. Me neither. I don't, I don't do that. I don't do that. I don't do that because everybody, everybody from the past has made me the man I am today. Yes, Yes. Yeah. And even, but see, here's the thing for me, and this is why I've always been this way. I believe if you date in private, you can break up in private. Right. Right. If you date publicly, you have to break up publicly. Right. See, there are situations that I've been involved with and everybody say, well this is why it happened. Unbeknownst to them, we had already broken up a year.


Mm. Damn. We had already broken up a year. Ain't nobody know nothing. Right. And then when she popped out with a, with, with another dude, oh man, she was cheating. No she wasn't. We were already broke up. Right, right, Right, right. But see, y'all didn't know that. 'cause I kept that pride. Yeah. See That's how you have to handle it. And see now, because the thing is ocho, if they can't find something on you, they'll just make up stuff. Make up something. Yeah. Go listen to the song Billy Jean with Michael Jackson. Right. Michael Jackson said be careful. He said, because the lies will become the truth. Mm. You see what happens, Ocho people will tell a lie enough, they'll start to believe it. Believe it. Yeah.


And because they repeated that lie so much, people will start to tell that lie for him. I like it. I like it. I like it. That's, see, I, people get like, like I was like, bro, hey, I ain't got nothing. Hey, I don't, I don't, I do what I do. I keep it moving. Yeah. Hey, I, hey, I thought it was going, I thought it was gonna last longer than what it did. Right. It didn't. It happens. But that don't make me no bad guy. You know, you ain't this, you ain't that. I'm like, Hey, hey, come on now. Really? I mean they, I don't know what it is, Ocho but it always make it seem like I'm the, I'm the guy.


Ain't nobody ever broke up with them. I'm, they was the virgin when they met me. I can't, I can't believe you did me like Right. Right. But damn, you said the same thing about the other dude that you broke up with for like, you was with him for a year and a half, two years. Yeah. Well, broke up with you and you ain't have no problems. Right. Well depend on it. Depend on who it is. Now you know, you, you, you are, you are, you are a public figure. You are a stellar figure. You, you a man of God. So it's different when you leave. 'cause when you leave, I mean, it, it, it, it, it, it's, it's, it's hurtful, you know, and understanding what you bring to the table. Now you are the legs and the table. You're the napkins and the fork. So you gotta understand, when you leave a woman, she's understanding the chance of finding someone like you again. It's, it's slim to none.


Because that at that point, it's gonna be hop around, hop around, right. Hop around, hop around, hop around. It's never, it's never gonna stick. It's never gonna stick. Now I'm special. So you gotta understand. If they lose somebody like you now it's different. It, And the thing was Ocho I mean the problem like I had with, I've had with a lady that I dated a couple of. Yes sir. It bothered them that I did for my family. Yes sir. I said it shouldn't. I said, why does it bother you? Family come first? You get everything that you want. Come on now. I said, You haven't asked for anything that you haven't been able to get. Yes, sir. So why does it bother you? Like, well, your kid grown.


They still my kids. Mm. I don't give a damn. They 50. If I'm 75, 76, they still my kids. Right. That's my mom. That's a, That's a red flag. That's my Take care of a because before, before any of this, I had Sterling, I had Shera Sharp. Right. They were the one that was coming to my game. My mom was giving us what she could on the money that she made. So for me, What type of person would I be if I have, because I look at it, I know for certain if the roles were reversed, if my sister was in the position that I'm in, my sister would do everything for me and my brother that we've done for her.


Yeah. If my brother was in the position that I'm in, and I know what I had in college. If you could go back and ask anybody at Savannah State from 87 to 89 when Shannon Sharp was in college, and ask him what Shannon Sharp drove and ask him what I had Lee Levi's IZO Polo. Yeah. The Bo Jackson Cross trainers. Yeah. I had all that and kept a pocket full of money. Yes sir. I was the, I could go to the Savannah Mall anytime I wanted to. Right. So, oh, I'm gonna take care of, I'm gonna take care of, because they don't mean nothing to me. Because everything that I, I look at ocho, everything that I really do is for them. Yeah. I don't really speak. I, I now, you know, I bought a, a couple of pieces.


You know, you see your boy, you your white guy. Yeah. Yeah. I know you saw that. Yeah, I saw, I see, I see you. I See you. I bought me a color piece of jewelry, you know, you know jewelry Like that. That's, that's a red flag off jump. Especially if you're dealing with somebody. Somebody, if, let's say you wanted to spend a lifetime with them. If that was your life partner, that's somebody you had no problem saying, you know what, if I was to wake up to anybody else the rest of my life, it'd be you. And the fact that an individual has a problem with you taking care of your immediate family that was been there way before she was Yes. You came along, that's a red flag. And that, that's a no-go. That's a non-negotiable. Oh yeah. For sure. That's a non-negotiable. Yeah. Especially look when it comes to taking care of your kids. Even if they are, even if they are grown. Come on there.


Even my homeboys, I got, you know, you the A, everybody heard me mention Bucket and Burn. If I give one something, the other one ain't even gonna ask. I'm gonna send him something. Yeah. Yeah. I keep 'em evil because they, I know for certain, if the roles were reversed, there are certain people, you know, Ocho, if the roles were reversed, if Bucket was in my position and I was in his, he'd be the same way for me. See Would be the exact, ain't no like question. I don't even question it. They know if something, he knows, if something were to happen to him, he already know his family taken care of.


Yeah. So He knows something happened to him. His wife taken care of. He ask. Yeah. Yeah. See, my Homeboy had a homeboy used to play cards together. His name was Elijah Alexander. He was a good, he passed away. His wife Kim, she know if she need anything. She got my number. Yeah. Ain't no, I'm trying to talk to her back though. Nothing like that. I got too much respect for him. And I've been knowing them before they got married. So she knows if she need anything, somebody to talk to, something monetarily I got him. Yeah. Because I know Eli would've done the same for me. Bucket and Burns.


I got three brothers, Sterling, sharp, Darryl McCormick and Keith Burns. Yeah. I got three brothers. One sister. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I ride Ocho. If I, if I ride with you, there ain't nothing. You can't come to me and ask me for. Yeah. If they came to me and said, homeboy, char, boy, I'm, I'm down what you need. Yeah. Man, I need 500 homeboy. You know, I ain't gonna never be able to pay you back. Done. Yeah. Yeah. I got, I got, I got a small, I got a small group. A very small group. Just like that. Just like you. Same. But obviously, you know, I got two brothers. Sam Ancy. Yeah. I got a sister Shanita. I got my homeboys here in Miami that kept me on a straight and narrow anything they ever wanted.


It is, it's small group. Bo rep Rashad. Yeah. That's three down here. Bobo and Hound. That's, that's the five down here in Miami. Then I got my Cincinnati folk. Right. Or if they ever need anything punk. You hear me when I say anything? Yes. They know they good. Maine, Los Ryan lock anything. That's it. Rico, that's five. They need anything punk. They good. Yes. Never want for nothing. Never asked for nothing. I just know if, if they were in my position and I ever needed, That's how they got Ocho. That's how I look at every situ. And I really try to evaluate that. And I played college ball with Bucket.


So I've known Bucket since 88. We've been probably best friends probably since 91, now over 30 years. Yeah. Burns met him in 94. He was really the first rookie that I really hung with. And so he and I been cool basically since day one. I always try to look at it like if the roles were reversed First. Yeah. Would they, Would you extend that same service? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I got a, Hey, listen, it's so funny. My dog. My dog. I know, I know Rashad. We call him D Anybody in the chat know Dink winter to Gables work? Worked with work, worked with, worked with the mayor down here in Miami. I didn't know Rashard since 19 8, 19 88. We played on Miami Lake's optimist together since 88.


Lived right down the street from me when I went to Pro Bowls. Shotti was at the Pro Bowls when we had big games. Shotti was out there in Cincinnati. Man, some, some good times. And it's hard to find the value. It Is of true, Of true friends. True. I mean, there's a difference now. True fans. Not those that are there just because of what you can do. Right. Those that really value through the ups, through the downs. And nothing ever changes. You know, you know, you, you know when you really got a true friend is when you say no. The times when you say no and they don't buy the eye laughs they don't get upset. Right. They still call and check on you. That's the hard part. You never know who your true friend is until you tell somebody no for the first time.


That's it. That let you know what it really is. Oh, Joe, you know, like my brother, he ordered Shea by La Poitier. He ordered Nightcap merch. He ordered Club Shehe merch. I don't, I don't, he don't take it. He don't, he's like, I'll buy it. He said, bro, you run a business. Yeah. I mean my, like Rod Smith puts, anytime I go to Denver, he'll pick me up. I don't pay for nothing. Yeah. I say, man, why you say he say bro, he say the information and how you showed me to be approached and the approach. He say it helped me more than on the football field.


It helped me in life. Right. You say your money no good. When, when I'm, when I'm here and they guys know I would ocho the guys would come to my house for the all NBA All Star game. I would leave. I like, I'm gone. Nah, y'all, y'all have at it. I'm gone Super Bowl. I go stay at the hotel, let them have the house. Right. Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas, September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only On Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila, Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani Hozier, Keith Thurman. New kids on the block.


Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Rt Victoria, Monet, and more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell Out@axs.com. Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. Through sharing insightful stories and experiences on purpose aims to inspire growth, connection, and a deeper understanding of ourselves and others. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom, the challenges he faced, the losses he endured, and his unwavering commitment to helping others and staying true to his values.


You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you have. What they want to know is, what did you do for the people? You know, we happy for you. You're successful, you're living a great life. But what did you do? How did you come back and give to the community? How did you come and change lives? How did you mentor people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. Well, if I, when I'm down, I mean, anybody that know, like I'm talking about, no, I ain't talking about no passing.


Oh, I heard him say this. I'm talking about people that know me. Yeah, they can speak. Oh, Joe, I love this. Ooh, it's time for Rough. Draft. Oh yeah. They subject is the, oh, animation down. Forgot. Well, last time it didn't work. Ash And, we gonna talk to you about the graphics that you put up there the other day about Rob Benjamin. How they gonna use Ryan Bailey on this bill? It got Bailey. Yeah, I saw that. How The hell y'all think that's Benjamin when they start Bailey, when they start spelling Benjamin ba the dude got Bailey on the bill.


I'm at this I driving, man. I like, man, I like to pull a U-turn to the rule. Today's subject is the be the best Olympians of all time. I get to go first. Why you go first? Because you went first the other day. Okay. My bad. All right, go ahead. Damn, You just to go first. All right. All right. You got it. Go ahead. I'm going Michael Phelps. I'm going Usain Boat. I'm going Simone Biles. I'm going Sean White.


I'm going, are we just, are we doing seven Olympics or Win Olympics? It's all on there. Okay. He said Usain Bolt. He said, Sean White. I'm gonna go Eric. Hiding. Alison Felix, I'm going. Carl Lewis. Kevin Durant. Woo.


Ba Ba baba. I'm loving it. Damn. Hm. You know what Ocho? Yes, sir. Because of what he had to face Right In Berlin and Nazi Germany. I'm gonna go Jesse Owens, I know you going, okay.


Jesse Owens is a good one. I'm gonna raise you one and I'm going Flo Joe from a last, okay. Who you wanna Michael Johnson Though it wasn't your turn. Okay, I'll go. I'll go Shelly Ann Frazier price. I like it. That's a good one. That's a good one.


But my list is better though. No, bro. All Right. Have somebody write that. Have somebody write down List. Who y'all. Who y'all think, who y'all think got who? Y'all think list one? Definitely me. Man, look at that. I got Phelps 28 medals. Bob, Did you not think about Listen, listen. Look at my list now. Look at my list. My guy, I got one guy got more medals than all your team. All your, I just listen. It, it, it's, you might have one. I want it. Trust me. Until you see it side by side and you look at the list again, then you'll understand I had the better list.


No, go. Phelps Biles. Eric Hayden. Yo, People don't remember that night. That 19. Y'all don't, y'all don't remember in Lake Placid? Y'all better look it up. Lake only Lake. Oh, lake Placid. That's the, that's the movie with the alligator, remember? Yeah. Yeah. But that's where, but that's where the, the World Olympic. That's where the Winter Olympics. Well, and that's where the Miracle on Ice. Remember the Miracle on Ice where the USA beat the, the Soviet U. Was it Russia? Was it Russia? Right. It beat Russia. They playing Russia. Yep.


Alright, Ocho, now it's time for our last segment and it's q and a, Q and a q and A. Ask me anything I, anything you wanna say q and A q and A? Ask me anything you wanna say. Chris B says, first time catching y'all live. I watch every episode while I'm working. Best Doo there, love you up. But Ocho is my favorite. Love y'all. Chris, thank you for bro, I appreciate that. Thanks for catching us live. Hey bro, don't get fired now. Hey, just make sure you're doing your work. Now. You, we want you to support. We appreciate the support. Yes sir. Hold on. Hold on to the job. Them jobs doing hard to come by now. Dr. Frankie l Bella said, oh, y'all, global sounds like y'all should be ambassadors for the 80, the Olympics in 2028.


Woo. What do you think, Chad? Unc Ocho I that take over the Olympics. You know what I like, like to have a role like Snoop. Gimme a little role like Snoop. Yeah. I'll be snoop all over the place. Snoop. Hey man, Snoop got best pin. You see Snoop Penn that he traded with a a Coco Golf. Yeah Man. Hey, that'd be nice. 2028 Olympics night camp in America. Yeah. And please say Ocho love you guys. Hope everything is well. May God bless you and your families with good health, love and joy. Hear the question. If y'all were in y'all prime on the same team who get more tds, ocho, what's the most TD you had in the season?


I think 11. Yes sir. I was. I I was, I was always double cover shit. Yeah. 10. I only had 10. I had 10 twice. I fumbled one in the end zone. Would've gave me three seasons of 10. I fumbled in the end zone. Yeah, dude. Hit me in the back. Ocho. Yeah. Hey, I did too much talking before every game. And so you already know what D coordinators was doing to me. Yeah, I did two months talking. Oh, I ain't talked before the game. I talked a little bit before the game, but I talked enough in the game. Oh, you did? Yeah. See, Hey, UNC did I, Hey, every we, hey, every Wednesday, I think Coach Lewis, I think he never made me stop because it took all the pressure off the rest of the players. You know what I mean? So they could just go out there and play. But every Wednesday through immediate day, I was taking a shot and not in a malicious way, just in a fun, entertaining manner.


Right At our polling team every week for a decade straight every week. So I, you know what I, you know what, you know what I basically did? You don't play video games, but I played, I played the game of football on all Madden in real life, if that makes sense. Ocho, most touchdown you had in season was 10. Me and you. Ty 10. Yeah, that's it. I probably only did that, only did that one time. I probably did that one time. What? Oh, I had two of them. Bri, I, I mean Oh, But you had nine, three times don't, Joe. Oh, I did. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, listen, I wasn't a touchdown monster, but I was a Yard monster. I, man, look, I was a yard monster though, Man. I, that guy Man Gates, Tony.


Oh, Antonio. Yeah, Man, that standing zone, Him and Phillip Rivers get down there by that 20 and that 10 Man I or that Whole line. Oh, they gonna make it happen there, Man. They gonna make it happen every time. And Tone and, and and, and Gonzo. I could see I couldn't. Yeah. I'm like you man. See, the thing is I hate that I got stopped on the two or the one because t gonna get that thing the next time. Run that thing Every time. Yep. Feel what? It's so damn. I mean I'm looking at man, I'm like, bro, how you get 117, 118 touchdowns at that position, at the tight end Position?


Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy. What's that? Maho Mateo. It can't be Mateo Ramirez. Will Caleb Williams perform better than jf? Who's JF Justin Fields. I mean, I mean Caleb Williams is the starting quarterback for the Chicago Bears, right? We don't know what Justin Fields is gonna be on the field. And Look at what they given Louis would, they've given Caleb Williams. They given him DJ Moore. They've drafted Roman Du and they've traded for Kean Allen. Kean Allen. And they got co Come on bro. Justin Fields, hold on. Wait a minute.


Why y'all didn't gimme all that? He good. He straight. So who I think Caleb, because Caleb is gonna start the season, so it's gonna probably be what, at least four or five games before Justin Fields get on the field. If he gets on the field. Don't do that. Russell Wilson is going, is going play the part. This is Russell Wilson's back B bounced back year and last year wasn't even goddamn bad. Okay. Richard Asing. Hey Uncle Ocho. Today is my 23rd birthday.


Happy birthday Rich. Let's go. Happy birthday bro. Happy 23rd birthday. Hopefully you out there having your good time party with the boys. Maybe you with your family, but happy 23rd and many, many more to come. You know what I was doing at 23? Huh? You 23. Hey 20. You know what I was doing at 23 football season in the off season I was filming amateur porn. You should try that. Good income. No, I'm good. And. we talking about Richard. He 23. I'm telling him. Oh, I'm talking about, no, I'm good. Y'all Talking about Richard Amateur porn. Good money. It's only $200, but still Ronell Williams said, oh, I've been following you since Denver days and follow your career to now.


OCHO was my favorite receiver. Love watching the show. You guys are the best team, the best team do. Thank you. Appreciate that Ronell. I appreciate the support Ocho and I really appreciate not only you, but all everybody that's been, that jumps in the chat, that that watches us live, that downloads that, that supports us on all the platforms. We greatly, greatly appreciate that because without you, they are no US Facts. Chat. Y'all are the meat and potatoes of our success. A Abdu, Abdu, Jowan. I'm sure I messed that up. Shout out to Nightcap Ocho where you start your own podcast like Shannon with Club Shehe.


If so, you could call it OCHO Lounge. I think it'll do numbers. Just, just something to think about. I like it. I like it. But all my energy is devoted to Nightcap having anything else on the side of it. I think it will take away from Nightcap. UNC is a different beast. He has multiple moving parts and his entity that he does, I'm not like that. It's just me, my assistant in ra. So doing anything outside of Nightcap, it would, it would be more harmful than good. James says, got my shirt. Love the quality made. Fed received so many compliments. Much love from Houston.


James, we expect to see you at the show, but thank you for your support. Nightcap shirts, thank you for the quality. That's what we're going for. Yeah, the shirts are a little bit more expensive, but these are not blanks. These are actual shirts that are sewn together of the highest quality. So thank you guys for your support and thank you James again. And hopefully we see you in Houston. That's our show for the night, don't you? We'll see y'all tomorrow, baby. Nah, ain't no tomorrow. No. And field start tomorrow. Don't field start Saturday. We we not on tomorrow. Yeah, we are on tomorrow, man.


Yeah, man. This thing be running together. Ashley got me all over the place. So yeah, we on tomorrow now? Yes, we are on tomorrow. Okay. Bet, bet, bet, bet. I'm Finn, I'm finna start prepping right now. I'm gonna start prepping. Ah, guys, thank you for joining. Oh, Hey. Hey. Guess what? What up? I'm on first take again in the morning. God, you, you told me to tell you told me to tell you. So I'm I'm telling you now. You on there today? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, three times the charm. So Why m So why did you tell, why you, why you didn't tell me you was gonna be on there? I, I told you. Told No, you told me. Now I, I know.


I'm telling you now. I'm gonna be on there tomorrow Morning. Why did you tell, why didn't you tell me you was gonna be on there today? I told you last. I told you yesterday. Nah, we didn't wanna have no show yesterday. We did have a show yesterday. No We didn't. Oh. That's why I wasn't able to tell you. 'cause we ain't had no show. Ah, So you didn't know nothing about you ain't know nothing about this until today, Huh? Yeah, they told me this morning, but I know that, I know I'm on there today, so they bring me back for a third day. But some reason I think subconsciously this is like, this is like an interview for me. I think it's like, like a little interview. So they, they, they, they, they might, you know, I, I don't know, me and you, me and you could be working together again. Like you ain't gonna never get rid of me because I'm to be like, like a little puppy who Listens better?


Who, who got the most vote? Who they got? OCHO won. Of course I won. I told you I had the better list. How what you mean how Kevin Durant, Sean White, Husain Bolt Better than Phelps and Biles them two alone on any list should be making the best. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. And I got Carl Lewis and I got Eric. He, And listen, your list is you listen, your list is is good, but I have the better list. No, it just is what it is. Make it join for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Aunt Shannon Sharp.


He's your favorite Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire, the bingo ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro Liberty City zone. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure y'all like, please make sure you subscribe to our podcast. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. And do us a favor, make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from, from every subscriber counts. And you know what, guys? This is how we climb the charts. This is how we become even better. So please make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We believe we have the best, best tasting V-V-S-O-P on the market. We're taking pre-orders now.


Should be shipped out to you shortly. Please go follow my social media, my company, my media company on all platforms. Shehe Media by clothing company 84, that's 84, spelled out the link to Nightcap Merch is pinned at the top of the chat. Use code discount applies on everything thankfully. As you mentioned. James, thank you for purchasing. Hope to see you in in Houston. Everybody's received their merch ocho, the US men's team. The women play tomorrow beat South Sudan, 1 0 3 to 86. It wasn't nearly as close as it was the other time they played. And a USA win 1 0 1 to 100 USA bounced back win by 17.


And they looked good in the process of doing it again. I'm your favorite dog. Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite number. 85 Ochocinco. We'll see you tomorrow. Thank you. The Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours.


Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena. Here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila cab to Cat Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now with axs.com.


Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of ika, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women. History has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story, the rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the sprinter fighting for aboriginal rights. Listen to a man on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.