
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts, And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to Hoing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bes instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobil is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Kanye, west and Bianca since sensor I saw that were not kicked outta the Grammys despite early reports as nominee. Kanye walked the red carpet and posed with Bianca the two, then got into their car and left. But they turned heads with their arrival with Bianca leaving little to the imagination by going completely naked underneath a sheer mini dress. I mean that's, oh, I mean, what what? It's it's Kanye. It's Kanye. I mean this is, this is expected. It's expected. What, what, what does he do? How do I make a splash?


How do I take advantage of this moment? You, Kanye. It's, it's the Grammy and nah, you the Grammys. What do I do? I use my muse to make my statement. And she made the statement. I mean it's, I mean we've all, we've all seen ass and tit before, you Know? Yeah. But I ain't really trying to see it out in public. Not at an event like that. Ocho That's the whole point where I just said hit to make the statement. How do you make the statement and grab the attention? How do you grab the headlines? You do it exactly what they did. And it worked. She got some nice, nevermind. Nah, you don't either.


I I wanna get Kendrick Lamar won Grammy for a record of the year and then later won another Grammy for Song of the Year. Not like Us Excepting Award from Diana Ross. This is what it's about, man. Because at the end of the day, nothing is more powerful than rap music. I don't care what it is. We're our culture and it's always gonna stay here and live forever. Hmm. That's live. Beyonce won Grammy Grammy for Album of the Year for Cowboy Carter. Hold on. This is the first album of the year, isn't it? I think it, it's, it's because normally Taylor Swift, I think is won four has beaten her, has beaten her out a couple times.


I think she's got all these Grammys. But I think Cowboy Carter is her first album of the year. Hold on. How she win Grammy for Album of the Year and she ain't getting No Country Music Award. That's some bull Jack Ocho. How Ocho Hey, how, How am I the Super Bowl? How am I the MVP of League and I don't make the Pro Bowl. I don't know. But I know one thing. You need to save your money up. 'cause we, we, we going on tour. Tour for what? Beyonce. Man, Please. What you talking about? She gonna, she announced her too. Yeah, I know she did.


Oh, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna call, I'm gonna make the make, I'm gonna make the call. We gonna fly where she is and we gonna sit down and and we gonna talk to B. Yeah. Gonna happen. Nightcap, Nightcap featuring Beyonce. Yeah, I got you. She won. Well, hold on. She won. So she won, she won Grammy of Album of the Year for Cowboy Carter. Did she win anything? She won Country Album too, right? Yeah. Yeah. Country Album of the Year.


Well, congratulations, Beyonce. Look, she's the most, if I'm not mistaken, I think she's the most decorated singer and Grammy history. I don't think anybody has more than she does. And she finally has an album of the year, if I'm not mistaken. She was already, Right now She finally Won album of the year Taylor played. Right. Okay. I like that. Congrats Beyonce. Well done. Alicia Keys says, DEI is not a threat. It's a gift in powerful speech.


She was presented with the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award at the 2025 Grammys. Queen Latifah presented Alicia with the honor, calling her a global force in her acceptance speech. She gave a shout out to female musicians like Missy Elliott, Linda Perry, and more saying, I always had to fight for certain level of respect as a songwriter, composer, and especially producer. It's strange that we think women as, as producers like Quin, we don't think of women as producers like Quincy Jones, Dr. Dre Swiz, her husband Swizz. But female producers have always powered the industry. The Miami heat guard, Terry eg. Allegedly manipulated his performance in 2023 as part of an illegal sports betting scheme.


Alarms were raised after suspicious wagers were placed on ER in March of 2023. Game between the Charlotte Hornets and the New Orleans pelicans, the NBA said alarms were raised after unusual high number of wagers with placed on ER to go under statistical benchmarks. The firm tasked with monitoring gambling activities, US integrity, alerted the NBA and SPORTSBOOK rose left with a sore right foot after having scored only five points. The NBA did its own internal investigation and found no wrongdoings. But the feds are now looking into the matter. Well, if the NBA didn't find any wrongdoings, what are the feds gonna do?


Because if anything, if anybody could be any more thorough than checking players and anything gambling related, wouldn't it be the NBA and not the Fed? You think I wanna find something that's going on with my player and manipulating the games. That's what I want. All right. You right. Think about Tim Donnay. Oh yeah. He was the feds. Ah, oh YI can't, I can't let, no hell no. I see where you going with it. I see me going with it. But I, but, but listen, protecting the, protecting the shield, the NBA shield. But you gonna, you gonna let the player skate on by without showing, laying down the law, letting other players know, listen, this is something that we're not gonna tolerate.


We're not having this, it's gonna look even worse if the FBI finds something when you've already done your due diligence and your research to see if he did anything wrong. I'm hoping the FBI don't snoop. I'm hoping the FBI says, okay, they did their investigation. Let's let it lie. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And what I'm Hoping, I don't want to ocho they already say, what do fans think the script is in? Man, he game rigged. Right. Oh, really want that ocho. Right, right, right. What I don't understand with these guys, and this is an allegation, guys are making so much money, ocho why would you, why would you even run the risk?


Right. The risk is just too great. Right? It don't, that's Why I don't, I don't, I don't get it. A guy that's making 19, somewhere between 19 and $25 million. Right? For a few, for a couple of dollars for the homies or somebody you willing to risk that and your good name and your reputation. Yeah. And take, they take your, I don't don't know, dude. I don't know if they take people to jail. Maybe that's a, a fight. I don't know. Right. Really. Hey, everybody's mindset is different. And just the thought of it, thinking, you know, I can get away with this. I can make a little extra cash on the side. Not that you would need it.


Not that you would need it as an NBA player, you know, but, hey, I ain't ocho I look, I make X amount of dollars. I ain't trying to flip 10. If I get 10 M Ocho, I ain't trying to flip that. Right. I'm gonna take my little 5, 7, 5 to 7% and I'm gonna keep it moving. Right? That's a crazy mentality, man. I got 10 M I'm gonna flip that thing and make that thing 20. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. Good luck with that. Exactly. Do you understand what you gotta potentially do? Yeah. The risk is too great. Too Great.


And this says Ro has made 134 M in his career. 34. 134. That's a lot there, bro. Yes. That's a whole, that's a whole, that's a whole heap of change. And we ocho we talked about this Ocho, when you make that kinda money, you get access to the, that the, the average people can't get. Right now. You get an opportunity to put a little fun together. A somebody come in little entry level, they were a boom boom. And now you hit a lick with an Uber, you hit a lick with of this company. Yeah. You hit a lick with that company. Now you 10 x 15 x 20 x your money on 200 fo.


Look at Kobe Body Armor. Eight mil flipped it. Sold a Coca-Cola, 400 mil. James Harden said, Hey, Kobe talked him into it. He put a little something in there. Boom. Right. 50 cents took stock. Vitamin water guy sold a hundred mil. Do it like that guy. Come on guys, y'all got too much money. I hope, I hope this isn't true. I really do. I hope this is just an allegation. And when the FBI do their due diligence, they say, nah, there was nothing. There was nothing that he really had a sore foot, yada, yada, yada. But just like they called Michael Porter Jr. Brother manipulated his thing. He Lord have mercy.


Yeah, he was terrific.


Somebody say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? How they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Everything is more expensive now, whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime Credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay. And get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better Credit Home Loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest, or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp Bank NA or Stride Bank NA SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Lets have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


This type of, Oh, here we go. I've been waiting on this. You've been waiting on it. Huh? You been waiting on it? Oh, with yo, I've Been waiting it, it's been a minute. Oh yeah. Hey, lemme tell you. So Old scripts, Howard Ocho. Hey, before we even, before we even start now, this is what I've been doing and I'm happy we haven't been doing it because I've been on my flights having to work. I've been taking my thesaurus with me. No, you've been taking it with your jokes. When you ready. My thesaurus with me and I, yeah. That Book Words know. I tell, Yeah. I, I gotta, I gotta learn. Hey, I talked to goddamn fast, man.


Hey, how do, how do I, I need to take you some type of classes or something. Slow down because I be, I be talking so fast. I can't even get a goddamn words out. Jesus. Slow down. It's the same thing I do. I do the same thing. I get excited. Like if I'm just having a regular conversation, my voice is like very monotone. Very baritone. When I get excited, I get Excited Babe, by Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, alright. Ocho, your first word. Mnemonic. Mnemonic. Yes. M mnemonic. Mnemonic monic.


I'm, I'm, I'm taking A-N-A-M-N-A-M-O-N-I-C mnemonic. M-N-E-O-N-I-C mnemonic. Wait a minute, Luca Car, I see who call to be Who? That I, I can't see it. My eyes bad Nature boy. Rick. Rick, Claire. Hey. Alright. Ocho. Oh, this one. Ocho this one. I know you gonna get this one. Yeah. Tara dle.


Tara d Oh, hell no. Hey, come on. Huh? I know you got with, I just want you, you, I said, I said, I said Ash, I bet $5 to a buck a cow manure Ocho will get pterodactyl. Listen, Tactal is a good word. I saw Jurassic Park. Yes, I saw Jurassic Park. I even had the de the pterodactyl from He-Man. There was the Tactal. Heman. Yes. That, That's a crazy word. But here we go. You ready? Yep. Te Terra. TERR. Oh my goodness. No. T-E-T-E-R-A. Dtu.


T-A-C-T-U double L. I know, that's, I know that's wrong. You absolutely correct. That is wrong. It's, it's p You ain't had like that now. Come on now. It's P-T-E-R-O-D-A-C-T-Y. Lter. God Damn. Hey, how About this one, don't you? There Was no way I was gonna get that. Oh, come on. Talk to Mele. Fle. Phlegm. Phlegm. Hey, you know what A big secretion of mu mucus is like To It? Hey, you know what's funny? I bet this is one of those words where the first word, you know, I, I'm thinking phlegm starts like F-I-F-F-L.


And I bet it's probably had, it is probably something else in the front of it. It is probably silent. Huh? Phlegm. Okay. I appreciate that. Phlegm. P-H-L-I-M. I'm wrong. P-H-L-E-G-M. Phlegm. I'm not doing good tonight. Huh? You're not doing good Ocho. But here they, there's still hope. I'm not, I'm not doing good tonight. I, I don't think we can let too much time go, go, go past. Okay. So you, So you, you need, you need fellow seco at least twice a week.


Yeah. Yeah. 'cause this, this ain't this ain't it. It it's not given A palm Who? A palm. A palm. Now, when I sound it out a palm, now I'm, you know, the eng the English language and the way things are spelled can be tricky. Now the way I'm signing it out, A-P-P-A-P-A-L-M. Now am I wrong if I'm wrong? A-P-L-O-M-B.


See that? See that? Why, why they gotta be so exotic? Why not just spell it hash sounds? Man. But You got this one. Ocho this was you resuscitate, resuscitate, Resuscitate. After scoring a touchdown against the Jacksonville Jaguars. I had to resuscitate the football. Yes. Recess. Resuscitate.


R-E-C-E-S R-E-C-E-S-I-T-A-T-E-R-E-S-U-S-E-I-T. So you, where do you come from? A TE. Where do you come from? Ruses su, Tate Su You know what this is, this is not a good night.


Unfortunately. Y'all ocho didn't do too well tonight. Hey, I this, I went Oh, for five. Yeah. How many times have I, you know, I haven't gone Oh, for five in a minute. It have been, it's been a minute. It's been a minute. Don't you? I will give you credit. It's been a minute. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe you need to jump back on them. Harvard online classes. Yeah. You know, you know they, they banned, they banned me from, from, from Harvard. Well, you about do try Yale, LeBron. Yeah. You know I lied on the transcripts. Yeah, we figured that. And, and, and p and, and President Trump just did away with DEI.


So you get stuck. Hey, hey. I have, I have a question. Listen, I'm, I'm glad you said that. Now you know, you know, now you know, you know your, your your little nephew. I don't be too much into politics now and I know we gotta get to talk on, on, but can you please, Chad, you excuse me for a minute chat. You know, I I need this little lesson real quick. D-D-E-I-I gimme a little give I need a little background. What's up? You got this? Excuse me. What you need? What's up? I, I don't know what, I don't know what DDEI is. Huh? You don't need diversity, equity, and inclusion.


Okay. Okay. I, okay. I know, I know what that is. Go ahead. Okay. So we did, he did away with that in general? Yeah. Well, he's asking a lot of corporations that added it. Some are taking it out, some are leaving it in. Some were more than happy to take it out. Mm. Damn. So, so they, they, so they, they done, they done took the hoods off right in front of us. Huh? Hey, they like, look, All It is what it is. Ocho. That's Funny. All right, Ocho, time for retribution. Now it's time for dunk on unc.


Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Chat. Here we go. Chat. Lemme see if I can get UNC to go. Hold on. Five. So You see that four mocho? You see that form Mocho? That's Not, that's not good form. Hey, I need to, I need to send you, I'm gonna send you the lethal shooter because that ain't it. Your elbow, your elbow wrong. The form is wrong. The wrist is all Off. Oh. Oh. You see the wrist ain't out here like this. Here. That's that. No, you can't shoot. Here we go. Let me see. Let me see you make this shot right here. Here we go. Which city hosted the coldest Super Bowl in 1972?


What city hosted the coldest Super Bowl in 1972? Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. 72. Oh yeah. 1972. I want a smoke in this room so bad. I ain't gonna do it though. 1972. Oh yeah. I don't know. Tulane Stadium. I don't know. You think you slick?


So you gonna look at the chat and then just say Tulane Stadium outta nowhere. Come on. Yo, Joe. Don't do me like this. O Come On man. Come on. Now you, now you didn't know the answer. You sat back, put your hand on your chin, looked at the chat and then said Tulane Stadium. I got no chair. Ho, I ain't got no chat. I how you don't got no chat. You always gotta chat up. You just turned it off. Oh, cheer. Okay, come on. I'm gonna let you have that one. Don't worry about it. I'm gonna let you have that one. You ready? Okay. Yes. Question number two. Hey, people in the chat, man, please don't, don't write the answer.


Don't write the answer. Matter of fact, if you write the answer, They didn't know it. Oh, they know it. All they gotta do is Google. If you write the answer, I'm gonna block you. They Don't, Chad, if you write the answer, I'm gonna block you. Okay? No, I don't, I don't want to do you like that? Because I love you. I love every last one of you. Question number two, which game was the first Super Bowl to go into overtime? Which game was the first Super Bowl to go into overtime? Ah, let me see. Was it played in Houston? Was it the comeback Atlanta?


Huh? You asking me a question? I'm asking you whether it played in Houston. Is it the Falcons and the New England Patriots? The question was, which game was the first Super Bowl? The Patriots and the Falcons. Okay. Okay. You got that? You got that? Okay. Okay. Okay. The, Okay, okay, okay. Okay. I see you little jab walkie.


Okay. Okay. Yeah. Hit that. Unc, you not unc hitting that bank. Be on that bank. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. And Super Bowl history, which team's, 45 point margin of victory stands at the largest ever. Oh, San Francisco, 49 ERs defeated the Denver Broncos and this in New Orleans by the score of 55 to 10, that is the largest Super Bowl margin of victory. We Should. Now, the Cowboys were about to do break that until Leon let got striped of the football at the gold line.


So my answer is the San Francisco 49 ERs, 55, 10 victory over the Denver Broncos. You know what? We shouldn't have done that question because you know the history of the Broncos and them getting beat. You see, I long got cord plugged in across the hall. I'm logged out, I'm logged on. Don't, I'm logged on. I'm, I'm having a bad night. Bad night. Listen, don't See the thing. You know what? I might, I might have went oh and five and you might be three and oh, but I'm in The Bahamas, so I'm still feeling good.


I'm, I'm, I'm all right. I'm on vacation. All right. Okay, come on. Which running back has caught the most passes in a single Super Bowl. What? Running back has caught the most passes. Oh, lemme see. I believe, if I'm not mistaken, Hmm, I think it's 14. Very small running back could have easily been the MVP. I think it's James White. Hey, you know what? Somebody briefed you on this shit already, man. Somebody briefed you on this. Y'all want to y'all cord up because I'm logged on right now. Nah, I'm logged on right now. Hey, Chad. Some ain't right, Chad. Some some ain't right.


Chat Chad, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but you were briefed on these questions ahead of time, but there's no way you Was, Okay, here we go. If you get this one, which receiver has caught the most passes in a single Super Bowl, Which receiver has caught the most passes? The most passes in a single Super Bowl? Demarius Thomas. That is absolutely wrong. We finally got him. We finally got him. We stumped the swab. The answer you were looking for is Dionne brand.


Super Bowl 39. He had 11 catches. Check Dion, take Demarius Thomas Super Bowl against the Seattle Seahawks. How many passes did he caught? I was just tell, tell, tell Ocho that. Tell Ocho Ocho what? What? Oh, goodness, Jose, he cheating, man. He cheating. He cheating. Okay, so I keep telling you, Hey, you, you own one tonight, bro. You own one tonight. You know what I mean? Oh, They called me SLE Shannon, SLE Sharp.


You got Google and you got Schule. Who you think Google Call when they wanna know something? Me. Hey you, you on one tonight, I'm gonna give you that. I'm gonna give you that. I'm gonna give you that. I'm, I'm having off, I Got five on it. I'm having off night. And that's okay. I go to the crib they call. Hey. Huh? Who do you think? Google. Google. I be up all night. That's why I can't get no sleep because people type it in and I'm responding. That's me. Here we go. Prior To, oh my bad, Ashley. The, the, for, for, for context, the Marius Thomas against the Seattle Seahawks caught 13 passes.


That is the most passes caught in a Super Bowl. Did they win that game? No, they did not win that game. Okay. They got blown out. That game. Red. You wanna gimme another, you want me to give a bonus? You wanna get this bonus? The last one. He don't want me to go undefeated y'all. Here we go. Christ of Jamar Chase, who was the last wide receiver to win the Triple Crown and not make it to the playoffs Sterling Sharp in 1992. Okay? You got it. You got it. You you got it. You I threw, oh, listen, I just threw that there.


Just see if I, right Now I've been getting Ocho. They called me sle. You think you think I'm Mad? I just tried to see, I-I-I-I-I can get you to slip up real quick. Okay. Hey, you, you had a good night tonight. You had a good run. You know, I'm, Hey, I'm, I'm a I'm gonna give you a hand. Lemme give you a hand. No, you, you was on point. You was on point. They called me Sugar. Except the chat gave you that first. The chat gave you that first answer though. That Tulane, they gave the first answer. The chat ain't no Ocho. Logan Paul says someone jacked his watches worth over $300,000 and he's on the hunt for whoever jacked his expensive watches from the luggage during a recent trip.


He believes someone from TSA agents with sticky fingers are behind it. He told his brother, Jake, he no longer in possession of the 50, $50,000. Em, Mars Baguette. He gifted him for Christmas. It got stolen at the airport. I have reasons to believe someone opened my bag during t hs A and nabbed it. What you think Ocho That's Probably what happened. That's probably what happened. And the thing about it, when I think about the airport, I think about TSA, if you're going through, I, I would, I would hope, you know, you didn't, you didn't check the the, the bug, the baggage down downstairs. Yeah, yeah. Well, TSA, yeah. I, I Even tsa, they have cameras every carry on. They have cameras everywhere. They have cameras everywhere.


Especially if you're going through TSA, So you can see if someone actually went in there. So he needs to go back and ask the airport for the footage, you know? And, and, and see, and see who got his, see his God goddamn watch. Wow. That, that's crazy though. Yeah, man, you gotta, yeah, you gotta, you gotta be, you gotta be careful. Ocho you, you really gotta be careful. I mean, man, look here, like you always say this God forsake of the car economy and people looking for the come up, they're looking for the, the quick lick. They try to hit a lick and keep it moving. Times are hard Hate. Very Difficult hate, yeah. Difficult ocho.


But then some people, you know, you people just gotta stop thinking that certain jobs are beneath them. Right? Man, I ain't working no fast food. You crazy, man. I ain't doing no construction. That hard ass work is hot. It's cold, bro. It's a job. I unfortunately, I'm sorry. All the CEO positions of field, unfortunately, you know what I'm saying? All the CMOs and CFOs and all the pps and all those exec, their field. So, you know, you're probably gonna have to start your way at the bottom and work your way to This is the thing about it too. Also, when I think about it too, uncle, everybody, especially in today's era, they want instant gratification. You know, they want to take all the shortcuts.


They want instances. Yes, they do. They want, they want fast money. Everybody wanna be a boss, but nobody wanna put the work in, nobody wanna put the work in and do the work it takes to become actually that. You notice Ocho you notice everybody wanna be a boss, but don't nobody wanna be told what to do. Hmm. They want to tell somebody what to do, but can't nobody tell them. Ish. Huh? So how did that work? At some point in time, everybody had to be told something. What to do, how to do it, when to do it. You don't, you wanna buy, you wanna skip that step and go straight to the step where you telling everybody, you bossing everybody.


I'm a boss. Yeah, man. I ain't look the, the one thing I can honestly say to anybody that's ever, that I've ever worked for can tell you I ain't never had a problem with hard work. Never. I Ain't gonna, I ain't have no problem with hard work either, because I, I done got where I need to get to now, and now I'm exploring the treatment options that I can take. Okay? Yeah. Just put it up on it tongue. It's gonna dissolve. It's gonna dissolve in about 10 minutes, five minutes after that. Good To go.


Okay. Okay. Here we go. Here we go. You can even eat. You can eat if you want to. Don't even, they don't even know. I like mine on the empty stomach. 'cause I want that blood to be used for one thing, not digestion. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? That's just me. I mean, you, you do however you want to do, but I'm just telling you about me.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like, it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the postseason run,


It is Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I paid $22 and 47 cents for a pressure washer. Pressure washer. And this is what I got. Franklin says it's a screw. I be, you know what I, I wonder how something like that happens, right? Because when I think about Ali Express, I haven't ordered, you know, much of anything off of Ali Express, but, And I won't be. Yeah, how do you, How do you order something, pay full price for it and they send you a picture of said item that you purchased. Yeah, but I don't know if you gonna really expect, did you really expect to pay two to two $22 for a a a a drill? How much did he pay for the drill? I thought I don I don't know what the, I don't know, honestly owe you, I don't know what the drill costs, Jordan.


Look what the price I know it'll cost no damn $22. That don't even sound right. It costs more than that, right? Yeah, it has To. I don't do construction. I ain't drilling 1 49. So one between 1 49 and, and and $2. So he got, he he got got, I knew it wasn't gonna be no $22. I could have told, I could told you that now I don't even do no construction. Yeah, I went to Ace Hardware, Lowe's or Home Depot. Depot somewhere. Home Depot right down the street. Yeah. Yeah. You know, because thing like that stuff, I can like, okay, lemme see, lemme see what I, what I, what I'm, is what I'm purchasing is it equipped to do the job that I'm gonna need it to do.


So that's probably something you probably need to see up, closes and personal hold. But yeah, bro, they, they got you. Hold on. Matter of fact, speaking, speaking of, are you, are you, are you a handyman? Are you like, like Tim, like Tim from what's the, what's the show? Two times? Yeah, Two times. Tim, can you, can you build stuff and No. No. Okay. No. Okay. I was just, just curious. You can't either me Took what? Hey, I took wood shop in high school. I took wood. I did too. I, I can Put, I can put together a, an entire bed and bed frame with wood. All I need is some nails in it. I can break. I can break an entire bed and bed frame. I can't put it together though. I can do that because I lay heavy.


I can take it apart. Now if you need somebody to take it apart, you'll call your boy. I'll do that for you. You put it back together, but I take it apart for you. No, no, no. But I took, no, nah, I don't, I don't have, I'm not, God gave me a, the ability that God gave me was to play sports. That's what I can do. You give me a football or basketball or baseball or something like that. I can, I can, I can do that. But handy. I can't do, I can't put if together. Okay. I'm paying somebody to do that. That's why I got a, that's what I got a, I got a full-time handy guy. Oh, So you that comes over. You got a handy guy. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. For sure. Okay.


So Yeah, anything that breaks or needs to be put together, I call. So What happened? What happened if you driving and you got a flat tire? That's what I got roadside assistance for. So you can't change the tire then I can change the tire. Right? You rather, but I ain't paying the kind of money I'm paying for roadside assistance. I'm gonna put that, I'm gonna Sit right there. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I'm I'm just curious. The fact that you, the fact that you can do it, you know? Yeah, I can change the tire. Yeah. Changing the ocho some of this stuff that they got together, like I had this guy, I, I bought a, a, a concept, a concept bike that you see a lot of times in these CrossFit gyms. Right? Man, he laid out the instructions, man.


I looked at it. I went back in the house. I said, hey, I said you need some water? Yeah. Next thing I know, like 20 minutes he run the doorbell, He was done. I said, man, you put yeah. I said, you put that whole thing together. He like, yeah. He said, you wanna test it out Man. Some people, some people have a knack for that on you look at all them directions. They do look at all them directions. You look at all them nails and screws and be like, man, hell nah. But you know what, the same way you look at stuff like that. If you was to give them a playbook, they'd be the same way. Like what the hell is this? Exactly. Exactly.


I know. Hey, I'm good at, I'm gr I'm great at what I'm good at. Right, right. But what I'm not, I don't put any time, man, you need to learn. No, I don't. I don't. I'm too, I'm too old. I don't, I'm not trying to learn that. That doesn't interest me. In order to, for me to learn something, it really needs to, to enter Me. You gotta have a passion for It. Putting stuff, gotta have a passion for it. Yes. Putting stuff together that don't, in interest me learning how to cook that doesn't interest me. Right. I, I, I, now I look, you either, you either can pay something, you either do things or Cho you either pay somebody to do it because you can or because you can. I can't do it.


So I pay somebody to do it. I don't wanna do it. So I pay somebody to do Got question. Now I'm not taking a survey, but studies at Harvard show and say that women prefer a man that is handy and that can cook over when that can pay for the services and have someone else do it. What are your thoughts on that? Well, I ain't gonna find no woman that look that wants somebody that can cook. 'cause I can't, I ain't gonna try to learn either. I mean, look, if a woman can cook, yeah, sure, I like, that's great, but that's not a deal breaker for me that she can't do. But No, I'm saying women wanting a man that knows how to cook as opposed to having a man that could afford to have a chef.


They out there. I wish it well, I, I know to tell you I be, I'm just gonna be honest. I ain't gonna stand in away. I can't, I'm not, I'm not trying to learn how to cook no oxtails and no stuff like that. I'm not trying to learn how to cook no fried chicken and all that other stuff. I'm not. I I I ain't no sense in me lying to you. I ain't gonna hold you. That ain't, that ain't, that ain't me. So if you looking for somebody that can give you, that can cook for you and hey baby, I'm gonna make brunch for us and I'm gonna make some eggs Benedicts and I'm gonna make pancakes or I'm gonna make waffles and stuff like that. Bless his heart. Y'all deserve to be together. That's what you want. And that's what he can do. But that ain't me. A woman is crying after revealing to her husband.


She never had an emergency savings account. After she told him she did. Her husband thought, thank goodness we have that money you saved in your account. And now the woman is crying ocho, if the money was never there, is this grounds to end the relationship? Well Yes. This grounds to end the relationship because obviously I'm assuming he must have been giving her money right. To put away into the savings account. So where's the money going? Obviously she's using the money for something and ob if they live together and that's the wife and he doesn't see her buying anything, the money got to be going somewhere. So not only is it grounds for whatever he needs and sees fit in doing after there is no saving account, something ain't right.


And you know what, also, you gotta be careful too on most of the time women have a savings account or a private account and they continue to save up and save up and save up and save up as an exit strategy as well. Yeah. I read, I think I read a study the other day, Ocho, that the divorces, that 70% of the divorces are filed by women. You know, they, they they don't, they don't file 'em until there's a plan B in place and everything has to Oh no, no. Women, women, no, no, no, no, no. Women, women are not gonna do anything like that. Women are a lot more methodical. Oh yeah. They're plan. They're like, okay, yeah, okay, yeah, let me have a make sure I got a place to go. They, they, they know where they're gonna go.


They don't started ordering, they don't started ordering off Wayfair. They got the little furniture coming that you don't know about. They got little stash. They've been stashing, they've been paying the bills, but they been popping a little bit. Yeah. Oh yeah. Like, hey, they done told their mom, they done told her sister, they done told the home girl. Hey. That's why listen, you, you always gotta stay two steps ahead. Any, any, any sign of anything that's outta character or that that's not normal and it raises your antennas, then you just have to understand you have to move accordingly and be prepared for anything at that point. Any, anything at that Point. Well, well, I mean, you got your account, right, she got her account.


Then y'all have a joint account. Wait, wait, wait. If you have a joint account, it has to be a joint account that you guys start and you put money in together, right? Yes, yes, yes, yes. And I don't know what's in your account. You don't know what's in my account. We know it's in this one, We know it's in this one. We pay bills, we pay bills out of this account. Hey, I I that I like, I like that. Now that, that structure of discipline. Yeah, if you, if you, if you can find someone like that where you guys both are doing well in, in, in your respective fields and whatever, whatever it is you do. And having that joint account and having that structure of starting off, let's, let's say as, as a couple just randomly, I'm just throwing a number out there.


We put 5,000 in, you know, together, we start off with 10 and then every time we get paid, we put a certain amount in and we continue to do that over time. Yeah. Right. Man, you know what that, you know what that'd be looking like at, at, at, you know, after a year and some time, man. Yeah. Every, everybody like, man, you, you going let you know your account. You gonna put your, your wife on your account. Are you high Bro? Wait, if you get hold, if you married, you wouldn't put your wife on your account on You talking about where the, the, the, the, where the money is.


I'm talking about like real money man. Please. People must be think I was a, a dfu. Like I said, I got an account, you got an account, we got a joint account. Now are they parameters? I update my every, every two years because the money grows. Right? And so every two years I update it. Okay, this, this, oh, you acting a fool. You get a little less, I'm sorry, you get little Less. Oh, okay. Oh yeah, I'll update it. Yes, yes, the estate absolutely every two years and she will be taken care of.


Right. And guess what, it's a neutral party. I a my sister, my brother, ain't none of them. 'cause money do funny things and I want a, well, I'm gone to keep people accountable. Hey, this is what you get also stipulations. If you contest anything, guess what? You lose half of what you got. Tread carefully. Be thankful. My brother loved me, my dad loved me. My homeboy, hey my homeboy looked out. Then hey, I got set up for certain charity. Savannah State gets a portion this gift, a portion, but oh absolutely no o y'all work too hard. Right, right, right.


To be dr to have boy, look at boy, you talking about crashing out man, would I, I don't play about that. But she will be taken care of now if she choose to go back to work. That's Right. But she'll be, she'll be take she'll have enough money. She won't have to work another day of her life. Now if she, if she's responsible now, if you go out there and let somebody invest it, hopefully she'll let the company that the management team that I have put together, hopefully she'll let them manage it and she'll have enough money, she can three, four, $500,000 a year for the rest of her life.


Or she can let somebody swindle out of it and oh, well I don't, nothing I can do about That. Right, right, right. So yeah, that's, that's that's how I'm gonna look at that ocho. But you got to ocho I'm gonna, that'll make sure everybody's taken care of. Now I can only take care of you once. 'cause once I'm gone, there ain't no more Shannon. Yeah. Okay. Listen, and you know, women, women have to be, have to be very careful, especially when they have someone like you or or ladies that, that are in the chat that are watching. And you, you have someone that you know, it's solid that you know, that you can depend on every month. If there are any issues that may, that may come up.


You know, if you have someone that will provide and protect, you have to be very, very, very careful and thinking that because you might see all these other options that might be after you and chase after you. You have to be careful because losing someone like that, you know, you can depend on who's going to protect, who is going to provide that. You know, come hella come hella high water, know you good. Yeah. Even if I ocho even if I'm with a woman and we've been together for a length of time, we are not married. Oh, she taken care of. Yeah. She taken care of as if, the only thing is we don't have a piece of paper and you might not have my last name, but I would take, I would make sure you're taken care of.


And I ain't gonna nobody to say, well, he would want me to. 'cause I don't want nobody to say, well I ain't give you nothing 'cause I ain't never like you. Right. No, it's gonna be in the, it is gonna be in the paperwork. Oh yeah. I, I I, I'm a firm believer in that. If I give somebody my word, say I I got this. I got you, I got you. Yeah, most Definitely, most definitely The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids. With district detailed and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us, Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your, And you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times Bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.