
You're listening to an iHeart podcast


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the formula lift for their cool rush. Deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old S sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush s sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one myth. Its per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where designer shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the sheer trend. Try it with mesh flats, peeling boho comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's a perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth generation in Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver. Responsibly The volume.


Wow. Wild, wild water ball game. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the New York Knicks stay alive, 1 0 6 to 100 over the Indiana Pacers. They battled back from 20 points down in the second quarter. They cut it to 13 at the half, and then Carl Anthony Towns got hot in the third quarter and then they took it over in the fourth quarter as they win 1 0 6 to 100 over the Pacers. And now the series is now Pacers two one. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame artery pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And joining us, I thought he was gonna be in a more celebratory move tonight because he was looking real good for his Indiana Pacers.


He's a six time allstar, three time all NBA selection. And at the time of his selection, he was the youngest player ever to play in the NBA at just 17 years of age. Played a few games after his 18th birthday from Eau Claire High School in Columbia, South Carolina. Jermaine O'Neal Jr. What'd it do? What's a fellas? What's up? We good? We good. Thanks for joining us, man. Appreciate that, man. Thank you. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you that have already subscribed and follow us and support us for the last two years. We could not have been where we've been and where we're going without you.


So thank you for your support and your continued support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Now, if you can't find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. But trust me, we will be coming to a city or a state near you. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Check out my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. As I mentioned earlier, the Knicks come back from a 20 point deficit, thought they were about to get run out of the building.


They composed themselves, cut it to 13 at the half. Then they OutCo outscored. They only outscored 'em by three in the third quarter, but in the fourth quarter, they took over outscored 'em by 16 points, gave up 36 points. Something Indiana doesn't do a whole lot of, it's give up a, a big a, a a big quarter like that. But the Knicks needed it. Carl Anthony Times was sensational. 24 points, 15, 15 rebounds, three or three from the three point line. Still follow time with 2010 playoff games for the Knicks. Kat had as many points in the fourth quarter as the Pacers he got, he got going, and when he got it going, it was no stopping. I meant to say he got it going in the fourth quarter about the third, but he did hit a few, couple of big buckets that got them going.


Josh Hart, 10 points, eight rebounds, four assists. His first game coming off the bench because they started Mitchell Robinson. They went with a big lineup, another 20 point comeback from the Knicks. The Knicks have the most 20 point comebacks three in a single post season since 1998, Jr I know you watched this game very, very closely and it looked like the Pacers were in control about to take a commanding lead 3.0. Everything was going inside outside, they were running, getting out in transition. Obviously that's what they wanna do, make or miss, they want to get out in transition. What did the Knicks do or what didn't the Pacers do to cause the outcome to be what it became at the end of the game?


Well, personally, I think it was more about what the Pacers didn't do, obviously. Okay, go pounds made some big, big shots, You know, on the fourth. But I just, it just seemed like, You know, towards the end of the second quarter, they took their foot off the gas and they came out in the second half and they didn't have the same energy. I mean, you look at the, look at the game, the building wasn't even as ignited as it was in the first half because the energy was low. So, You know, the thing that I I look at when I look at this game is where's the, what is the best players doing? You know, Tyree Hallberg, he has to take over the games, right? When you see your team struggling and you see it, You know, the offense isn't flowing as well. I think he, he tends to take the backseat a little too much and, and, and tie like that.


So he, he has to, he has to do a better job on saying, Hey, this is my team, You know, we need, we need a moment here and I gotta be the reason why. And I thought that didn't happen today. He had, I think he made a shot or two, but for the most part, You know, the energy was low and they didn't compete. You know, when, You know the Knicks did it in the fourth. I agree with you. Sometimes I do believe that Halle gets, he's not as aggressive as I need him to be. Now he only had six assists. That's because the guys couldn't buy a basket. I mean, you look at the shot Pascal was, was was, he was 50% from the floor, so was Miles Turner. But you can look at Knee Smith, he was two of eight, one for three from the three point line. Miles.


Turner was six or 12 from the floor, but he's one for six from the three. Nihar was all of three from the three. Hadley was two or six from the three. And so when you go five or 25 from the three point line, that's like, that's, that's a recipe for disaster. And when the team gets it going, hopefully we can get some of this in the Western conference and all of them won't be blowouts 20 points and 40 point blowouts. But I thought the Knicks that second quarter, the end of the second quarter, that last three minutes, Jermaine, I thought that was big for them because they could have went the other way instead of being down 13. They could have been down 33 and now maybe we're having a different discussion. But give those guys credit. You're on the road, you're in a hostile environment. You've already lost two home games.


They banded together, they believed in themselves and they made plays when they absolutely had to make plays. And You know, jaws, Jalen Bruns is gonna have his hand all over. He's gonna find a way to get to the free throw line. Yeah. That's just the way he is. And I, I would've wished they, they probably should have en en employed the hacker Robinson earlier. You know, I, Hey, I filed him once I see the momentum started slipping. Yeah. Oh no, you gotta go to the free throw line and make those shots. Ocho you watching this game and you see the Knicks come back from 20 points down. Yeah. And win this ball game. What did you like about the Nick's resilience on the road? Listen, I like the fact that they kept fighting though. I liked the fact that they kept fighting. Jay, they need to find a way to stop being down by 20, stop making the game that much more difficult for you.


I don't understand how or why the way the Pacers played the first two games. Right? Why not do what you did tonight? The previous two games you played before for when you were playing at home, you had an adv, you had the advantage. Now you play a much better game, even though you're down by 20, you play a much better game and you're playing away in a hostile environment. And then I think the key to the game also was when you, not only were you down by 20, but to be able to come back into the game, were they able to do the last, what, five or six minutes of the fourth quarter? Halliburton missed a step back. The sequence where it was the sequence where I think it was maybe three minutes and 16 seconds on the clock where the goddamn, the Patriot, they had nothing but, but six points with multiple possessions at that.


And I think it was, there was, it was in that matter, in that fact, in that instance in general where the knick took advantage. That goddamn Jalen Brunson, Hey, y he something nice people. Might he gonna get to that throw Line Be being a, he gonna make struggle from the poor, but he gonna find a way jail to slow, get every, the free throw line, tell y'all it was, it was a key, it was a key moment in this game. You know, let's put aside what the Pacers didn't do and lean more on what, what the Knicks did. And it started to me from the coaching side, right? Okay, you go back to game one, the Knicks went on a run. They were up 17 typical makes a sub, right? Sometimes when the team is rolling, the very best player doesn't necessarily have to be a part of that. 'cause some you can sub and stop the flow of the game, right?


You, you fast forward to tonight, right? Where the, the group that he had in there, they actually did a really good job on cutting it. And he stretched that group out to, did they, they cut it to I think three or, You know, possibly even two. And then when he needed to bring him, I think he brought Bruton back like two minutes and 20 years ago in the game. So I thought the coaching part of it was a lot better tonight when it comes to this chess game, You know, which we see in the playoffs. And, and, and plus give t of credit, he went with a big lineup tonight. He started Mitchell Robinson. He went with Kat because Mitchell Robinson give them extra possessions. And so that's what we need. We need more than one possession. And so, You know what he said, Mitch, we going to lean on you tonight.


We're gonna play 29 minutes. He played 29 minutes. I thought he was sensational. Brought Josh Hark off the bench. And I thought, you look, when you get it rolling like that, it's hard to break up momentum like that. Because if you look at the second quarter, he let Carlisle, he let 'em go. That those were not his regular guys in there. He let them go. Yeah. And, and, and, and, and I thought the Knicks took advantage of that. They ended up clawing it back and getting it down to 13. I thought McBride came in and made a couple of big shots. He had a big time three, he had a big time pull up. He's doing a little thing. He's a better, he's a a, a very good defender. If you look at it, Ocho we've been talking about this.


They normally play seven guys. They played nine tonight. They played nine tonight. Andrew Shamick got 11 minutes. Rell Wright got 13 minutes. Josh Hart played, You know, he normally plays a little more minutes, but he came up the bench, he played 34 and McBride gave you 15. Hey J hey, you say, you say Halliburton, especially in, in, in, I call it precious situations. You know, at the end of that game you say Halliburton should take over. But if you, if you look at what the Knicks were doing, the, the hell, the Knicks was doubling Halliburton on all high strings and forcing the ball really outta his hands and leaving the onus of someone else on that team to have to have to shoot or get their point from somewhere else. And they, they, they wasn't hitting.


Yeah. See, I could run the ball over. Yeah, they didn't, they didn't. I mean, the office didn't flow very well. I I, so I agree with you. They they did. And again, it's, it's a chess match right now. Right. You know, they're going back and forth. They're trying to take the ball out of, You know, certain people's hands. But the thing, the difference that I saw tonight early in the game, I, I think the first half, the Pacers bench outscored the Knicks bench, I think 22 to seven in the second half, the Knicks was a plus, I think 15 to 16. So the Florida game was a lot different for the Pacers early. I thought the pace got a lot more stagnated, You know, in the second half. And, and, and, and Ocho, to go back to what you were saying, what makes Halliburton really, really good is when they're moving that ball, swinging that ball catch him, he catching the ball, You know, on the la a live pass and he's going downhill.


Well, the second half just got the second half. It was super stagnated. They got bumped up against the shot clock a lot and the ball didn't necessarily end up in the right people's hand at the right time. Right. Yeah. I thought he held onto the ball. The ball stuck a little bit, a little bit too long with his hands tonight gel. Yep. I like when Halle bur when they're getting make or miss getting the ball off the rim. Yeah. And they're pushing tempo. That's when they're at their absolute best. And it doesn't matter if Halle han it, if Nihar knee Smith, it does not matter who math, it doesn't matter. They're looking to push tempo. That's when they're at their, at their best is when they're getting up and down. I thought Halle did a little bit too much dribbling tonight. I thought he was, You know, he wasn't like, I'm finna go to the basket. No, let me back it out again. And now he's getting off the ball at 10, at 10 seconds right now.


Hey, don't nobody, because it's really hard when you really look at it, who's really looking to take somebody off the bounce? See aka everything else is really set up by Halliburton doing a great j job of getting penetration. They played a lot of pick and roll, You know, like to get in the high pick and roll with Miles Turner. He can, he can roll to the basket or he can hit the pick and pop. But I thought tonight, I thought Hadley might have held onto the ball just a tad too much. But he had some guys that had some good looks at the basket tonight. Gel. Yeah. They just didn't go down for him. Yeah. Five or 25 is not, not, not near. Well, clearly that's not good enough when you shooting 20% from the floor, from the three point line. But when you play, when you, you gotta win this game. Yeah. You're at home. You done stole two games on the road.


You've gotta win the first game back jail. And it happened to him against Cleveland. Remember Cleveland did the same thing to 'em. They take the first two games in Cleveland, they come in there, they get, but Cleveland, really, Cleveland took the game from the, from the tip. And I look at the game and I say, damn man, the pace was about to go up 3.0 on the next right about to go up 3.0. And then I'm like, Hey, y'all getting real sloppy with this basketball now. There's still two and a half quarters to go now let, hey, don't let this thing slip away. And then they cut it, right? They cut it right before the half, they got it down to 13. And they, and, and I think the Knicks were thinking, we got it manageable now. Yeah, we got it manageable. If we come out Ocho we come out here two threes. Yeah. Hey, this thing under 10 and we was down 20 just five minutes ago.


Hey, they got, they got, Hey, they, they gotta find a way on to stop being down in such a deficit, having to crawl back and fight back from 20. I understand the game of basketball is all about it. It's a game of runs. But like, make it easy on yourself. Don't make every game where, okay, now we gotta do everything we gotta be, you gotta be damn near perfect and hope the momentum shifts in your favor. Outside of that, I mean, listen, the Knicks bench played really well. It was ugly. It was ugly. Josh McBride Robinson, listen, they weren't, they weren't flashy, but they outplayed Indiana second unit. And if they, if they can have another game like that when they, when they play again, huh? Tuesday. Not Tuesday. Tuesday. Yep. Tuesday. And listen, if they could have another game like that, especially the bench, we, we know, we know what the starters are gonna do.


They could have another game like this and tie this series up. It can become interesting again. Because if they had lost a nice game, I really think it was over. I really think the series was over. Oh, It was over. It was definitely, it was definitely over jail if they had lost this game. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. I think the thing why I'm, I'm struggling as, as, as a, as a former player, when I look at these playoffs, and you see it a lot, You know, throughout the season, time and possession is not a thing anymore in the NBA. No. Right? Especially in the, in the playoffs where everything comes down to possessions. Right? I'm watching more and more threes being launched and it almost creates bad threes. Bad threes, it creates rhythm for other teams getting it and they're gone.


And that's the thing why I'm struggling with a little bit, I mean, you go back to the first game, the Knicks, and again, I I I'm happy that You know that we have, You know, two, one, but when you look at that game, You know, 14 with two minutes, and I think at the time it was 40, 50 to 57 seconds. Yeah. Right? When you think about this, all you gotta do is get four or five stops and hell, you can get four or five shot clock violations. Right. And you win the game. But I, I look at tonight where it's like every time it, like somebody, it was some sort of rhythm is, is is happening a three, a bad three go up. Right. Or a bad possession. And that's the part why I'm struggling with a little bit right now, considering that this is, this is go to the NBA finals, right? You're in the conference finals. So you should have some sort of understanding on how, You know, to win the game and the understanding too on how to lose a game as well.


Yeah. I I think we feel a lot of that jail. I think sometimes guys get caught lower. I'm gonna be the guy that break the rhythm. I'm gonna be the guy to get to hit the big shot that quell their run. Or push us to, if we're up five, we're gonna go up eight, we're up seven, we're gonna go up 10, I'm gonna be the guy that puts the, You know, that says, okay, he hit that big shot. Well, it was the big shot in the corner that such and such hit. But what you do is that you allow them, like you said, you allow them to get a rhythm, you allow them to get a run out on you, right? And now all of a sudden you're like, bro. And I I'm sure in a situation like that jail, you're not telling, Hey man, don't take that shot. You're like, Hey, let's just be patient. Let's slow this thing down. But I think the thing is for the, the Pacers, look, it's one game you said in jail, they're still up to one.


And we got another game in our building. Now you've given a Knicks life. The Knicks believe that they can beat your ass in your building because they just came back from 20 down. So they believe now anything close going into the fourth quarter, they got you. We got this man, I, I don't know. I don't know who feels good about what, I mean, obviously the Knicks had some struggles at home. And now the Pacers, You know, they had, when you think about the game, Carl, Anthony Towns and, and, and Brunson obviously were in foul trouble. They were, yep. They were in foul trouble. They didn't have a great first half at all. Right? Yes. They walk away with a win, right? When that game should have been a 20 pl, 20 plus point drumming of the, of, of the Knicks. But they found a way to stay in the game or, or the Pacers found a way to keep him in the game.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025. And spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Are you shopping for a new laptop while still trying to keep up with technology and AI? Talk about feeling burnt out, but no more. lenovo.com makes it easier than ever to find the perfect pc. In fact, we'll break it down for you. Step one, shop our lineup of IPCs powered by Intel core ultra processors. Because why deal with downloading new software When you can buy a smarter PC that already comes with all of the AI features and tools. Step two, find the one that fits your passion. Whether you're a creative genius, a research scientist, a hardcore gamer, or a future CEO. No dream is too big. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel inside, you can keep up with your ideas as well as any challenges you may face. Step three, add to cart and purchase. Oh, if you're a college student or a teacher, make an education account through us and get 5% off your whole order. Shop now@lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


And you look at the Pacers ocho, we talk about this all the time. Yeah, they're c committed and normally they have six guys in double figures. They had four guys in double figures tonight. Nick Smith, two of eight, he only had eight points. You had them hard, he was two of nine O of three. He had nine points. Those guys normally give you 13, 14, 15. Yeah, that's how they normally play. You'd Halliburton had 20 aka. Look, that was a playoff career high. The in game two when she had 39, he was phenomenal. I'm not expecting them to have a whole bunch of 30 point playoff games. That's just not the type of offensive player that he is. He's a good, he's a good player, but I'm not looking for him to go off like he went off in game two.


Again, I don't know about you Joe, I thought TJ McConnell was sensational. Maybe you might need to bump those 15 minutes up and give him 20 minutes because hey, he battles, he pushes pace, he makes big time shots. He's a hustler. I I, I love the way he played. But they're kicking themselves just like the Knicks kicked themselves the first game because they're like, man, we had Brunson go off for 43. Yeah, we had Kat go off for 36 and we lose. Right? So now they're feeling good about themselves. They say, hold on. Jalen Brunson only played 31 minutes. Kat only played 33 minutes. Six of 18 for Brunson. One of five, Kat was three or seven, eight or 17, they had 47 points.


And the game, they had damn near 80 points. They lose the game. They had 47 within in five trouble. They win. So they gonna take great consolation in this on being on the road. Like, look guys, there ain't no, we saw him do it twice to Boston in the garden down 20. We saw him be down at home in game three, no game with a game four and come back and win the game and then go close it out. Right? I still like the Pacers if I'm, if, if I'm into these teams, I, I like being up two, one, I don't give a damn how good I played the last game. Yeah, I know. Team is still have a two one deficit, 2, 2, 1 on a up on us and they, we still got another game in their building. Yeah. Now look, I I'm, I'm with you on the McConnell deal, right?


I, I think, You know, he, he had ten first half points and I think he, I, I thought he had a really good flow to the game early then the second half you didn't see as much of him. Right? You know, he was in there, but it wasn't the same level impact. I don't know if 'cause of this the time or just the rhythm of the game, but I think he can be a very, very important component. But here's my question to both of you guys. Is when the Pacers get in the funk offensively like they did tonight, if Pascal, see how come isn't the guy that you go for, they can go for 30 right? Every night. And Terce, Halliburton isn't the guy that can be aggressive all the time, then who do you go to? Mm.


That But see that's the thing. When you, when you look, when you look at this, they kinda remind me of the Rockets, but a little bit more seasoned because who is the guy that you really want you to take the last shot? Now we seen Halliburton hit some big shots, but you said, okay, are we gonna give this ball? Are we gonna give this ball to Pascal, aka and let him go get us a basket? Wow. That's, that's not what he is. He's a really good player. He is. And I don't want, I try to diminish him here, but I'm not looking at him. A guy that's going to consistently like, You know what we need 25 a night. That's not what he is. Right? Then JJ think about, think about what you just asked, right? Is Pascal aka he's struggling late in the game, they doubling, they doubling Halliburton forced 'em to kick the ball out.


Do does everyone else do the other three players have the green light to be able to shoot at will when they want to impress the situations, especially down in that fourth quarter when obviously who you want, who you want the ball in, they hands they can't get it done. Do they have the green light to shoot at wheel? So I think they do, I think that's what makes the Pacers really good, is the depth when you look at the game that they won, really both games, but in particular game one, I think they had seven guys in double figures that they have four. They have four tonight, right? They're gonna, those, those others, You know, like Shaq always says to others, they're gonna have to really step up and free Halliburton Halliburton's about to be aggressive, start to finish, You know, four, he cannot be passive.


He cannot allow double, You know, to, You know, to take him outta the game. I mean, hell, the Pacers was doubling Bernson in the first two games and especially in the first game he had 40, 43. So he's gonna find the way to really, You know, stay, You know, bite down and stay focused and stay, You know, stay, You know, gre when it comes to, You know, making sure he's impacting the game and then the rest of the guys are fall into place. But I just felt like tonight they just got a little too tight. You know, when the game was, You know, when the game was, You know, was when when they went on, when the Knicks went on, they running, they're gonna have to get away from that and and realize that they are at home. The energy is behind him and that should be able to carry him. Yeah, me Smith, he's gonna give you eight and he's been playing really well. Nihar Hass been playing really well. Yep. Eight, nine.


I thought Rin just didn't have it tonight. And they, it shows in the amount of minutes that he played, I think he thought he came in and got a couple of foul picked up a couple of foul early and Carlisle didn't have the confidence in him to leave him in the ball game and he ended up going out. They brought Shepherd in, he had a big three. He's mainly a defensive guy that can knock down threes of given the opportunity. But you look at, you look at this team, in order for them to win, they're gonna have to have five, six guys in double figures. That's how they've been all year. Yeah. Jail. This is, I mean, I mean they're probably looking at it like, damn, we only have four guys. We all, they're one of the few teams that have five guys in double figures and, and in the entire playoffs. And, and then McConnell, You know, McConnell can get you 10 because he'll hit a big three, he'll get a couple steals, get a and one or something, get the crowd going.


Right. But I thought, I, I thought those were others. Knee Smith, Nihar, Rin guy, Obie topping Obie normally, You know, he missed a easy one right there, You know, missed the Putback. He'll be better. I think those guys, and I think if the guys that they're counting on the role players that ne Smith, the Nihar Math and Obie, I think if they give you what they normally gave you throughout the entirety of the playoff thus far, especially the first two games against the Knicks, yeah, I think they'll be fine. Well when 20 point comeback playoff wins in 2025, we already have six and the last four Postseasons combined, we've only had five mm That's crazy. And we've seen three into what the last, the last seven Gameses.


Yeah. I mean we saw Boston, we saw Boston give up two 20 point leads and we just saw another one tonight. I I guess the question also comes down to the, the Pacers bench was, was, was there wasn't the normal self tonight. Right? Typically they are the ones that's, they're gonna, they're gonna come in and every, every night it's gonna be somebody to step up, right? The Knicks bench hasn't been impactful, the series, but they were impactful tonight. Biggest question is, can the Knicks bench come back again in game four? Right? Because I expect the Pacers to come back and be, be their normal self because Rick Carlisle is a hell of a coach, had a opportunity to play with him in Indiana.


He's a huge adjustment coach. I mean one of the smartest coaches I've ever been around. So I know he is gonna have those boys ready to go. But then when it come down to the, You know, You know, to the game itself with which group, which bench is gonna carry their team. And if I had to put my money on it, and this is not me being a Homer, I'm gonna go with the Pacers. 'cause they've done it all year. Right? It when you, when you, when you're down in, in jail you played, you played 15 plus years when you are down, is there a number that you don't feel that you can't come back from? And I know it's, it's different than when you first got to the league because there wasn't a whole lot of 20 point comebacks because teams weren't shooting the three, like they shoot it now, right? A 20 point lead in the first quarter, second quarter, even midway through the third quarter ain't ish because guys can hit, they can get on a roll and hit two or three threes in a layup and what was a 20 point lead now all of a sudden a 10 or a eight point lead.


And so it's a lot different now, but was there ever a number that you take, your team got down and you like, well damn. Yep, we gotta get ready for tomorrow. Yeah, this is 15 to 18. It was, well it was tough to come back, back then. You know, it, that was almost like death, right? If you down 15 to 18 points because You know, we were gonna, it's, the tide is turned a lot, right? You got offensive float analytics is to me is getting people, getting people fired. I'm a right, You know, this analytic thing is going crazy, bro. You gotta taking bad threes instead of good tools. Good tools, right? But I mean, you look at our M-V-P-S-G-A, he's a mid-range killer, right? He's taking these, those tools. But, but to answer your question, I don't 18 to 20 points in a playoff game.


Yeah, you gotta get ready for the next game 'cause you ain't coming back from that because most teams won't allow you to because it was a defensive minded, You know, the mindset, You know, from the start, right? It's how many times we can stop you now, how many times we can outshoot you, right? And I think that's what's happening in the NBA right now, you having these huge swings, but You know, it was no way in hell. You know, You know, we, if we playing somebody or, or, or the Pistons or in New Jersey they had J kid and You know, all of the good defensive teams, they were never gonna allow you to come back, You know? But now, I guess in two minutes you could score, you could score 2025 in two minutes. And the problem is also, Joe, is that teams take bad quick shots. I mean all of a sudden you see a team go on a a a a 10 zero run in under a minute.


Like, what the hell I that, Hey, I'm just gonna hold the ball, Jay, I'm just gonna hold the ball. Let the shot clock run down. I'm give it off. I'm just let the shot cut, run down twice. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get past a minute, bro. Listen, and, and the the craziest thing that I as a, just a life run basketball wing threes and corner threes create fast breaks and yes, they out off and running over and over. You see the same thing and unbalanced defensive floors. So I'm not even sure exactly what they are, what they're teaching, You know, in the NBA right now from perspective of those things. But then, You know, to tell them that's the short porch, that short, that short that corner three, that's the short three jail. But what happens with that, that caramel, that long caramel and next thing You know, the guy, hey, in two dribbles, he already got somebody at the rim.


Yep. And you're like, and they, they keep getting, and, and, and I understand the next tonight they're like, y'all not hitting them, so we'll give 'em to you, y'all not making them. Right. So 20%, five or 25 and they had some good looks. It, it wasn't like they were shooting a lot of contested threes, but some of 'em were quick. Yep. It's, it's it's, look I understand Woo, this thing wide open. Yeah. There's a reason why you wide open and it's only 24, only 20 seconds that's going off the clock. Hey, excuse me, only four seconds going off the clock. Take it down a little bit more. If, if, and I understand, look, the paces are a flow team jail. Yep. They love to run. They're at their absolute best. And there are very few teams that can keep that pace up with them because if you look at who they, who the guys, they got ne Smith Nihar Math Burn, they're kind, interchangeable.


They're kinda like the same guy, same about the same height and can get up and down and play. McConnell comes in, look, now he's not Halliburton, but he can do a great job of orchestrating offense. He's a bulldog. He can make tough shots. Yeah. I I love him. He's tenacious on defense. Little undersized, but he plays hard. And when you got guys like that, you don't give up a whole lot because you're not asking a guy, you don't see them. I mean their lead score, who is their lead score? Probably AKA what? 19. So do you probably got another guy with 17, another guy with 16, another guy with 15, 14, 12. You're not gonna have the disparity when you got a guy averaging 28 and then the next guy closing to him is averaging 15. Yeah. Hey, hey J you, you, you mentioned some of the, some of the, the adjustments that, that Coach Carlisle could make, You know, how, how smart he is.


So obviously I'm thinking about on the other end with, with Tib doing something that he normally doesn't do. Normally he plays seven, but tonight he played nine. What adjustments, I know your patience guy. What adjustment you think Tib can make to ensure that this game or this series evens itself up next time they play on Tuesday? Yeah, we all know that, You know, no matter who we are, You know, on that, in, on that professional roster, when a coach shows trust, You know, we feel confident. Don't feel sped up, we don't feel tight. I thought Tibs did a hell of a job on showing confidence in his bench and he kept coming back to it. I thought the previous two games he relied too much on Brunson pounds, right. In the, there was no side to side.


And with Brunson being six one, right, he, You know, they trapping him. He every shot is hard. I think that ts has to stay with what worked this game with an understanding that, You know, he may have to make, You know, some end game adjustments. But I thought, I thought tonight he, he was good at from that perspective, and again, I, I was sitting there talking to my business manager, You know, watching this game. I didn't know who won the battle because it was a tale of two different Hals right. Where I just felt Yep. You know, the first half the Pacers looked like the Pacers right. All side to side. They, they didn't want good shots. They wanted great shots. Then the second half, right, it was stagnated, You know, bumped up against the shot clock. Nick's first half stagnated every shot was tough.


Every, if you go back and look at the game they were even running the Pacers had 'em running their half their, their half court offense. Then they had the half court line. They they had 'em bumped up against the half court line and then the second half they got what they wanted. Carl Anthony Towns for the life of God, that boy should start on the box and then move his way out. You been saying, hey, you've been preaching that for the longest for years, been preaching for the longest. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't know why he shoots all these crazy threes because he does have some work down low. He does. Oh, he's skilled. Yeah. Yeah. But I thought, I thought the Knicks defense, there are a couple of times that the Pacers got in transition and the Knicks transition defense was sensational.


Yeah. Block them out. Hey, nope, you didn't get here. Make him pass out. They come back again. Say Nope, nope, not doing it again. But I tell you what, when they take Carl Anthony towns out, they gotta do a better job of getting on the boards because Mitchell Robinson is giving him too many opportunities. Second chance points. Yep. And that's what he's in there for. He's in there to challenge. If you get to, if you beat your guy, he's gonna challenge you at the rim. But he's also wants to give Brus and he wants to give those other guys second chance opportunities. And so they're gonna have to do a better job of keeping him off the glass. And I think if they can do, and plus also Josh Hart, remember Josh Hart the other night? Oh, Joe, he only had like five rebounds. Yeah. Yeah, he had 10 tonight. Yeah. And he had that in the reserve role. So you see he got better ni Hart and, and, and, and, and the other guy and, and Knee Smith, they didn't do what they did the first two games.


So one guy got better, the other two kind kind of slid back a little bit. And I think that was the difference in the ball game. He gave, he gave us a great production, eight points, 12 re 10 rebounds, four fists at steel. It only had one turnover because he's the Swiss Army knife. He's the guy that's gonna do it all. Yep. He's gonna take a charge, he's gonna give you a second chance point. He's gonna give you second chance opportunities. He's gonna facilitate. Hey, he could, he's a great pass of to basketball and hey, he and he can, he's a good defender. I thought he, I thought his presence tonight was really, really good. But you're gonna have to do a job of keeping Mitchell Robinson off the glass. Too many. He, he, he gave the Knicks too many opportunities. Yep. I mean he had three offensive rebounds.


Josh Hart had three offensive rebounds. That's too many. Miles. Miles. Bridges had two. You gotta keep him off the glass. He got two. I'm gonna tell you this, the X factor for me going into game four, he hadn't played well at all. This, this, You know, this round. But Benedict Ma Yep. He's been big for them all year and he's really, really struggled. I need to reach out to my young boy and, and, and just, he just need to just relax and let and play the game. He knows how to play, but he hadn't been great for him. If he comes out and he plays the way he's capable of playing the way he played the season, it will be difficult, right? Yeah. To, to try to double Halliburton or anybody else. Right. I think, You know, I, he's he's, he's the XFactor for me.


Yeah. I thought, I I thought I didn't, I didn't think AKA was aggressive enough tonight. Remember the other night he had what, 23 shot attempts tonight? He had 14. Yeah. Miles Turner had 12. Halliburton has 15, bro. Come on now. Seeka. If you just had a 39 point game and you cool with taking 14 shots, hell nah. I'm trying to get me another 39 point game. I'm going to the rack. Hey young, hey. Do you, you think the players know? Do you think someone keeps track of how many shots they take in j Hell Yeah. They keep track going. Jail. Did you keep track of how many balls you caught? Did You know how many balls you caught the last game? Hold On. Now we, we, we talking about football and basketball is is kind of different. Do, do you do, do you really know on the court jail how many shots you've taken in the game?


Do do coaches let You know? No, I'm just, or you just have free will. Go ahead Joel. Yeah, you, yeah, you, you definitely know you can know because on the sideline ev almost every time out they have score, You know, score sheet Or you can go look at, You know, the stat sheet on what You know, what you're doing. Typically, you, you, you might ask a coach, Hey man, You know what's up? Like how many shots have I taken? Right. Especially if, especially if you're struggling a little bit. Right, right. You gonna ask that question because You know, they got 37 coaches on the roster. You know, you look behind the bench, somebody have some of everybody but you, you do, you, you are aware on how many shots you've taken and what your stats are because You know, you always got that one, one to two coaches that's telling you, You know, what's going on in the game field because they want you to be aggressive. He, he needs to be aggressive and like I said, and you see what, when he's aggressive, the guys that are aggressive that need to be aggressive aka and Hallberg, they're supposed to be your two best players.


Right. Well your two best players need to play like your two best players and they should never have to be in a feel like they're in a reserve role. Sometimes I feel like Halle bur feel like, like he is, he's a role player. Like he a bench player. Nah bro, you an all star. Yeah. You wouldn't have to, you as in a gold medal be like that. Be him, be him. See aka you just dropped 39 bro. You just dropped 39, took 23 shots to get it and you cool with taking 14. Nah bro, go and try to get that back. Be aggressive. 'cause he was aggressive in game two. I'm talking extremely aggressive. Well, the, I guess the question is, You know, when you, when you, when you the away team, you expect it right? You expect the, the viciousness, the people talking about your mama, your kids.


You expect that when you walk into, You know, a f You know, to a arena when you come home, you almost try to be too perfect. Yes. Right. You, you try to, you try to align yourself with, with being perfect and doing everything right because you don't wanna let your home crowd down and, and it, it looks that way. That's why tonight I thought the Pacers were a little too tight. You know, when things got tight, You know, when the game got tight, You know, people wanted to rely on somebody else to do it versus they overpass the ball jail. A hundred percent. I was looking at bro stop, shoot the ball. Yep. Yep. Wouldn't shoot it. Yep. Because everybody I wanna make, man, I wanna make sure I wanna make the right plate. No bro, shoot the ball, shoot it, shoot it. You don't have to to be perfect.


Ain't nobody gonna call you selfish. Nobody looks at the Pacers and think this is a selfish ball club. Right. Because we have too many guys that's scoring double figures. So you can't have that many guys scoring double figures and be a selfish ball club. We don't Think you're a selfish ball club, but you don't have to be perfect. You don't have to be perfect to win. Nah, a hundred percent. And I just thought tonight, I thought sometimes they overpassed the ball and they ended up turning it over. Hold, hold on. Huh? You, you, you call it overpassing. What happened to not being a rhythm? What, what happened? Not being in confidence, not having the confidence shoot the ball at that specific time based on the circumstance of the game at the time you said, well all their players most of the time are in double figures also. Yeah, those players are also in rhythm also.


Those players are also a little bit more efficient from the field than they were tonight. So there's a little bit more comfortability with taking those shots as opposed to overpass tonight. You know what, I'm not in rhythm right now based on the game and the circumstance that we're in right now. I don't wanna take that shot, so I'm gonna pass on to somebody else. Well, you can't feel like that because the ball's gonna find you. Well, you ever notice, you, you, you ever notice how they put a out, a infield, a outfielder in the field or infield in baseball? Yeah. Don't the ball find him the ball get hit right to him. Somebody get, hey, we need a spare receiver. Everybody comes somehow how the ball gotta find him or the db when they put a DA corner in the game, the slot, whatever he is. What what the ball do. The ball gonna find you every time. So if you un if you're not un if you're not confident right, somehow the ball gonna find you.


But that goes back to what I, that's more of a question for both of you guys. Are, are you, are you more comfortable at home or the villain on the road? Well, I like, I like, I like being the villain on the road. I like, I like IIII operate very well in a chaotic environment. I'm comfortable being uncomfortable. I it is, it is weird. Yep. I, no, I play, I play, I, I think I play my best at home. I just wanted to be, I just wanted to be able to hear the snap count. 'cause I'm trying to get that field as fast as I can. And, and if you notice when they, when when in track meets, when they say run to their mar, everything is hushed. Yeah. Because I want everybody to hear, hear the gun. Right? I need to hear the gun. I need to hear that hu and ball and ball up outta there.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head To your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms, C rates and fees


Unlock smarter learning with Lenovo AI powered PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors, head to lenovo.com and choose from multiple devices to fit your passions. If you're a gamer, you can spend less time stressing about GPU and CPUs and more time dominating with your AI enabled smart engine, which optimizes your game performance in real time. Or maybe you're a scientist on the verge of a groundbreaking discovery and need a device with a longer battery life and AI enhanced tools to give you extra time to finish your research. Or you're a musician preparing for your biggest break and need better, faster AI tools to make digital art a breeze, like creating band posters and t-shirt designs. Or you're a soon to be graduate, needing to catch a recruiter's eye to land that dream job. So you need cutting edge smart tools to build your portfolio from scratch. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers, get 5% off with an education account on lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


Custom window treatments are a small upgrade that have a big impact. No better time to shop than now at blinds dot com's. Memorial Day mega sale blinds.com invented a better way to shop for custom window treatments. 100% online with upfront pricing, no showroom markups, no pushy salespeople in your home. Whether you're a DIY warrior, prefer the white glove treatment or somewhere in between. blind.com can help. Our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. Plus, we can even handle everything from measure to install style. Every room effortlessly with classic shutters for living spaces, blackout for bedrooms, motorized options for ease, shades for your patio too. With over 25 million windows covered and 40,005 star reviews, blinds.com is the trusted name and custom window treatments all backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds dot com's Memorial Day mega sale. Save up to 50% sitewide Plus, get a free measure now@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Lemme know what you think about this jail. Jeff Teague says, Jalen Brunson holding the ball for most of the shot clock is the reason why New York initially went down oh two against the Pacers. You know how the Knicks lose these games? The shot clock is 24 seconds. Jalen Brunson is holding the ball for 17 of them. They don't get no rhythm. You agree or disagree? I agree. I agree. I, and that's what I thought happened in, in especially the first game when he came back in, when they were up, You know, they, I think they were up 17, he came back in and the rhythm, they just looked outta sorts when you talking, when you talking about two teams in the top seven, the top eight defensively in the NBA. Right? And so both can guard and the patients, they're physical, they switch everything. They have size.


And with Brunson, that six foot one is as good as he is with the ball. It's crafty, You know, one of the best guards in the league in the playoffs scenario. I think it makes it tough when he has the ball in his hand. The majority of the time he's drib, drib and dribbling, and he get bumped up against the shot clo. All of a sudden the ball finds somebody else with two seconds, You know, two seconds to go on the shot clock. That's not a great rhythm for, for two teams that are really good defensively. And you really, both of 'em are, are top the top seven offensively as well. Right? So if you could be top seven offensively, that mean the ball moves around. And I thought tonight that's it. It was almost a mere image of a really good offensive team because in the second half, the Knicks were able to move the ball around and people were able to hurt, You know, hurt you, You know, doing that.


And I thought Carl Anthony Towns his best, even though he gets some big threes. Look at how many times he got to the basket. Mm. Right? That opens up his three wall because now he's attacking a basket. Now people can't stand in front of it. Right? Well, so I mean, to, to, based on what Jeff t said, jail, you can probably, You know, correct me if I'm wrong, is there a way that Jalen Brunson can operate the offense and get in the ball and be quick and getting everything set up be be quick, but not in a hurry, Hey, as a, to feel like you rushing things? Well, I Think you gotta, I think walking the ball down, You know, puts him up against the clock from the start. Right? I think getting the ball out, You know, on in particular with misses, You know, let's get the ball up the court.


Nothing's there. Boom, let's get into our offense. Let's get the, let's get a really good shot based off our offense. A lot of times when they get caught, if you watch, I want you guys to watch this over the next, You know, hopefully this, this series doesn't go too many more games. So watch how many times they walk the ball up against, it's hard to walk the ball up against really good defensive teams, right? Because they're set and they're waiting and they're trying to take everything away. And, and I just think that, You know, with him, with his size and, and how craft he is, he has to, he has to put himself in a better position. To get into the shot clock a little bit earlier, man, I'm looking at this jail. I don't know if you saw these stash, but Nicks only had 13 assists.


Bridges had one, OG had two, Kat had one, Robinson had one, Brunson had one. McBride had none, had four. Wright had one, shaman had two. You score a hundred plus points and you got 13 assists. That is crazy. And I'm looking at that. I didn't even, I didn't know that. 13. And you got a hundred points. I Think you gonna have 13 assists. You gonna have probably about 75, 80. It's a lot of catching holding then that's the dance. Exactly. And see, that's the thing. And sometimes, You know, you getting put backs, you letting team get second chance points on you. Nobody creates an assist for you. That's just you doing the ball.


And so it's gonna be interesting to see, I'm asking you to see the adjustments. We saw the adjustments that the Knicks made. The adjustment was insert Mitchell Robinson, get the ball outta Halle and let's see if somebody else can create offense for, for this team leading assist guy with Halle. They had a couple of guys with three, McConnell had three, Nihar had three, Turner had three. Niece Smith played 26 minutes, bro. You gotta give us, you gotta give us, come on now. Zero assists Pascal, I need about four or five assists from you. Yeah, because you, the guy, because you just scored 39. You, they make him come help you. Make him come double. Yep. See, you're not aggressive. They like, and I know, look, OG is a, is a very good defender. He got the best of og. Yeah.


Game two, OG held his own game. Three OG gave you 16. So they basically played to a, a standstill. But Pascal was minus 21. Hmm. He's minus 21. He had the, the the lowest plus minus of anybody to touch the court. Well, to, I guess, I guess the magical word for this series is sustainability, right? Can you sustain what you did in the first half and, and bring it to the second half and, and, and be better. Right? Or at least, You know, keep it at the same level. It seems like in, in this series, all it's a, it's a changing of the guards when it comes to how they're performing from half to halfs, right?


Yeah. And so I think that, You know, You know, the way the Pacers had it rocking in, in the first half of, of tonight, if they can take that same energy and bring it, You know, to the second half, they run away with this game probably by 30. Yeah. And, and yeah, you could say that too. You know, you could say that. I mean, even though the Pacers shot the lights out of it at, You know, at the first game. But it's just, it's just, it's just strange man. Like these, these these big swings in, in the playoffs, bro. Where, You know, it's not, You know, you're playing the same team, right? It's not like Right, you gotta redo the, You know, scout report. But I guess it's, it's kind of the new era when, You know, it depends on who, who's gonna get hot, who's gonna be aggressive, who wants to impact the game, who doesn't want to impact the game, who feels good, who doesn't feel good.


It's a lot of scenarios that is coming into play man. Which is, You know, which is unusual for something, You know, this late in the season. Yeah. I, I, and I go back to it, Joe and I, I want, and I think this is what happened is that when they got that 20 point lead, I thought that was gonna close it out and probably keep it at 20, maybe even get push it somewhere around 30. Right. But the Knicks had other ideas. The Knicks ended up cutting it. They ended up going to like a, a, a mini run and they ended up cutting it to 13. Yep. So they had to feel really, really good. 13 and still, well Shannon, that's still double digits, but still you were down 20 and in the blink of an eye, you got it down, you got it down to 13 and, and I thought like early in the third, You know, they got it down to 10 and then the, the Pacers pushing back to 15.


But then all of a sudden you see 'em get that thing down to seven to get it down to five, you are like, oh yeah, oh, now you are at home and you're quiet. Your, your, your crowd the longest I can get. The longer as, as long as I can keep the crowd out of it, Joe. I like my chances if I'm the road team. Yep. Now I done got the crowd out of it. You had 'em in the, you had 'em in the game in the second quarter and I, here's the third quarter getting ready to head into the fourth and they quiet, You know, now again, I, and I, I love Tyrese, Halliburton, I think he, he's a hell of a player. I think he, he's going to just continue to get better. But I didn't see on that. I didn't see out there tonight where somebody was like, yo, You know, gimme the damn ball.


Right? Right. Gimme the ball. Right. I'm about to do this. And as the, as the point guard, you can really set the table and set and set the, You know, the chemistry of the team with that mentality. Right. And I just felt like a lot of times you look, he was kind of off ball and I, I understand they were trapping him when he got the ball, but he has to be a little bit more aggressive about, You know, the will to wanna win the game. And I think he will be, 'cause he, he, he seems like a really good competitor, but he's gonna have to be, because now you now the Nick's feeling like, Hey man, we, we get this one and we get to go back to the garden. You know, we in a great position. And, and to tell you the truth, it's a must win situation for the Pacers. Yeah.


Come game four, they gotta win that game because if you go back two two, now it's the best outta three. Yeah. Make it hard on yourself. Yep. But the Knicks having home court. Yep. SGA say the thunder got punched in the mouth by Anthony Edwards in the wolves. We got punched in the mouth and next game we either gonna get back up or not and we'll lose the game. The Timberwood shot lights out in game three, they hit 57% of their shot. They went 20 or 40 from the three point line collected. 19 more rebounds had 14 more points in the paint. A man 30 points in 30 minutes. Now rebounds, five assists, two steals. He was, plus he was 12 or 17 from the floor, five of eight from the three. Finally got that three ball going. 'cause the first two games it was nonexistent plus 36 5 and one in the target center, this postseason.


Mm. I What'd you think of jail? I don't, I there's no way Oklahoma City plays the way they play and I think it'd be difficult for Minnesota. Minnesota and will them in that first half. You know, he, he, he just simply willed them. I don't know if Minnesota has the depth to, because again, you gotta think in, in, in the playoffs that justice will come, what happens if they start trapping and then who you go to. Right? You talking about OKC is one of the best scoring teams. Hell, they set, they set a, they was historical, You know, historical this year when it came to Yep.


You know, margins of victory, right. That, that came because they, the, the level of death when it comes to scoring is probably best in the league. Right. And so I would think that they're gonna come back, You know, with the sense of urgency and do the things that they've just completely been doing all year. Right. It's not something that they gotta go in and figure out in the locker room, Hey, You know, who's gonna do what? They just gotta get back to doing what they've been doing. And then, You know, they're gonna be fine. I I I think they, this is, this is a year that I would love to see them play against the Pacers because you got two teams that, that that play with depth. And I think it's ultimately may end up being that way, but I, I see a series going being three one after tomorrow night.


Yeah. Hey Unc, you, I I'm looking at this. I thought the timber wolves got Shannon Jr. Came up the bench and 13 minutes and gave him 15 big points. Yeah. I thought Dante di Vincenzo hit some big threes to keep that lead. Keep that When, when Hand Man went to the bench, I thought Nas Reed played, played probably his best game of this, this short series thus far. Miller came in. I I just, I just thought look, but the keys for them is Antman to be efficient in Jew Ram. You look at Jew Ram, he had a really good game game one, and then he was non-existent in game two and they got blown out. He didn't even play in the fourth quarter. They're like, nah, we good. Just go on, sit over there and get your mind.


Right. Right. I mean, you, you, they showed the clip or he's telling stuff. Y'all go ahead and go, we all, I ain't going back in the game. We ain't about to win this game. I see y'all, hey, we getting ready to go back to Minnesota. We gonna give him something there. Randall was nine of 15 from the floor. Two of five. Four four from a free throw line. Plus 38 in 30 minutes, 24 points. An man, as I said before, 30 minutes, 12 or 17, five of eight, one of two from the free throw line. He had nine rebounds, six assists, two steals, plus 36 30 points. When those two guys getting it going, now McDaniels hit some big shot yesterday. I thought he did a good job and thought he did a better job on Shaa, did a great job of keeping, keeping him off the foul line.


He only had four free throw attempts. You know, Shaa normally somewhere in that 10, he could easily be 10 to 13 Yep. Attempts a night. And I thought they did a great job of keeping him off the fo line, making it tough on everybody. Rudy Gobert had his best game, although he only had seven points, but I thought the bench for Minnesota was sensational last night. And they needed to be because that's where okc, you look at OK C'S bench, when they come to Caruso and they come with Wiggins and they come with Wallace and they come without saying Joe, They, they don't miss a beat. They, hey, they got the other Jalen Williams. They, they're, they're deep, they gonna play.


Yeah. They're gonna play 10, 11 guys. Yep. D not, did not have a problem playing, playing it, playing his guys. He believe in black. We've been playing 'em all year. Why are we gonna get to the playoffs now and cut our bench? Right. Increase those guys minute, get them tired and put 'em in a situation they're not used to being in all year. Yep. So I like his philosophy. Hey, and, and also, You know, the, to piggyback on what JL said about obviously them making the adjustments for Anthony Edwards to stop him, obviously, what, what, what are they gonna do once they trap him? Well, obviously, and you gotta know that coming out already, that they're gonna make adjustments to try and stop you and having to kick from everybody else. And the bench has, they have to find a way to play the exact same way they did this game.


Shannon Junior de de, how do you say it? I don't wanna zo the Vizo McDaniels and aint gotta be aggressive again. Trap. Trap or not. Hey unc, there were games you went into, You know, this double team is coming. Yep. I don't, man, I don't see none of that. He, but You know what, He has to have that same mentality that he had this game. Yeah. And he Aggressive. If you go back and look at him with the Lakers, there are a lot of times he had like 12 assists. He had nine assists. Right. He trusted his guys. Yeah. Now if you let him slip through the crack, he going to the rim every time He going, he going to the rim. But the thing that I like about him, he is very unselfish. He will give the ball up now he's gonna give the ball up if you're knocking down shots.


Yeah. Because his mentality is you not knocking down shots and we losing, let me go in this phone booth to put this cape on and see what I can do. Right. Well, I I, I'll say this, I will say this, You know, and again, every player in whether this N-B-A-N-F-L, major league baseball, NHL, those are the very best athletes in the world. Right. Absolutely. Just start there. Don't be, don't want nobody, people be like this man on the guy on end the bench. He ain't good. Nah, he's good. Yeah, yeah. He's good. He just ain't better than the ones, You know, that's out, that's out there. Right, right, right, right. I will say this, and you almost saw it happen tonight if Carl Anthony Towns don't go for 20, You know, in that, in that, in that fourth quarter.


Yeah. If you put people, it's, it's one thing about, You know, having a, You know, having an opportunity to get, You know, to get, you're having yourself a night. Right. But in the playoffs, if you have yourself a night, then the next night it's gonna be a script for you, particularly in basketball. Right. And so from that perspective is, can you have the will and endurance mind, body and soul to come and have another one when typically that hadn't been your role. Right. And so that's the difference when I see teams like Indiana, teams like OKC, where they've, they've, You know, all season long, depending on that depth. And they've been, every night somebody goes to 25 or You know, 22. Right. It's been consistent.


And you hear 'em talk, they always talk about the numbers, right. We trust our teammates. You look at Minnesota, you look at the Knicks, right? Do they have that right? Do they have that on their roster where somebody off that bench or somebody that's not Carl Anthony Towns or Antman or a j Jewish Randall, You know, that can, You know, Jalen Branson that can come off the bench and be that factor, the remaining the remaining of, of the, of the of, of that series. Series. I don't know. I don't know if they have that. Right. And that's the biggest question, You know, we about to, we about to find out what are you expecting in game game four? 'cause the first three games have been a snooze fest.


Right? They haven't been close. It is very disappointing. I mean, 42 points. 20 plus 20. I mean, you're like, bro, these are, these are supposed to be the two best teams in the Western conference and they're losing by an average of probably 20 points a game. That's not good. Again, I'm not even, I I love the offensive flow of things, right. I think offensive high numbers is, is good. But in the playoffs, I think defensive strategy right, is the most important part that we should be seeing more to get beat by 40 or 30 plus in the playoffs is, is crazy to me. Crazy. Fucking crazy to me, bro. I just, I can't digest that.


And I, and I'm as a, if you watch and I'm watching as a fan, I'm like, yo, how does this happen? You know, everything about this roster, right? I mean, the scout report is immense. I mean, you guys know football, You know exactly what Yes. Everything quarterback hold the ball. Like, it's, it's like you, it's you. What Ralphs he liked to run the splits. He liked to run 'em from down at distant area of the field, red zone, backed up, middle of the field, hold that ball formation, everything. Trip set two by one, three by one, empty backfield. Then You know the funny thing about it, huh? And, and then Jaga, even though you have all that information that you need, you can have all the information you need and study, watch, film, but you still gotta execute it once you get out there, execute It.


Absolutely. You gotta execute it once you get out there. And that, I'm, that's why I'm hoping, I I, how I see, I see the neck game going. I think the wolves are probably gonna win again. But it has to, it has to. The, it has to come from the exact same way it did the first time. It all start, it All start. They better win Some idea right away. You gotta be aggressive, but if you lose this next game, you go down three one, You going home when you go back to Casey. Yeah, I think it is a hundred percent. It is a must win for both Minnesota and Indiana. Right. Wow. It's, it's a must win, bro. I think, You know, you put too much at risk if you don't win those games and as dead impossible. You're not about to, Minnesota's not about to go to OKC and win down three one or even win the series.


But I, You know, it's, it's interesting to see, You know, what's happening. I like games like tonight where it's, it's, it's, the score is tight. Energy is, You know, everybody's sitting on the, You know, edge. Nobody wanna see a game where the damn commentator gotta make up stuff to talk about, You know, in the third quarter, right? Yeah. But that's crazy. They talk about, yeah, they talk about when they played way back when. No, let's keep the focus on this game. Right. But I mean, you gotta, and sometimes that's you got, that's why, that's why it is. You gotta be great at storytelling. Yep. Because every game is not going to be Nip Tuck. And then you gotta find ways to try to keep the fans entertained the best you possibly can.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms, see rates and fees.


Unlock Smarter learning with Lenovo AI powered PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors. Head to lenovo.com and choose from multiple devices to fit your passions. If you're a gamer, you can spend less time stressing about GPUs and CPUs and more time dominating with your AI enabled smart engine, which optimizes your game performance in real time. Or maybe you're a scientist on the verge of a groundbreaking discovery and need a device with a longer battery life and AI enhanced tools to give you extra time to finish your research. Or you're a musician preparing for your biggest break and need better, faster AI tools to make digital art a breeze like creating band posters and t-shirt designs. Or you're a soon to be graduate needing to catch a recruiter's eye to land that dream job. So you need cutting edge smart tools to build your portfolio from scratch. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers, get 5% off with an education account on lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


From the host of the HIT podcast I've had, it comes a bold, hilarious guide to navigating life's challenges with humor, resilience, and hope through raw honesty and sharp wit. Jennifer Welsh and Angie Pumps Sullivan share the lessons they've learned tackling addiction, heartbreak, and self-doubt together. Part memoir, part Survival Guide. Their book is packed with wisdom and laughs to help you find joy and connection no matter what life throws at you. Don't miss I iPad it by Jennifer Welsh and Angie Sullivan. Learn more@harpercollins.com.


After the Lakers got bounced, JJ Reddick emphasized that the team needed to be in Championship Shape, shape. Mm. While he didn't mention names, many took the comments of the clear message to Luka. Well, weeks later, Luka made a significant public appearance. Luka made his first significant public appearance by attending real Madrid's basketball game and posted these on ig. You think that's ai ai That's what that's I was about to ask Exactly. Is no way. Hell, if he lost that weight that fast, then why the hell he ain't doing it during the season? Hey, that, that's Impossible. That's what I'm, hey, I don't, I don't care what he look like right now. I'm talking about when he come back to play that one, he look like this when he come back to play. Hey, Hold on. Hey, hey hug you.


Hey Uncle Jail. You think he took that Olympic Olympic, Huh? You nah, nah. He, I he ain't on, no, I don't the you can't, I don't Think you can take that as, as the NBA player. I have A question. Okay. You can't take that as an NBA player. Right. How, how many weeks they been out? They been outta season what? Three, two, if that A month. It ain't been that damn long for 'em to look like it Ain't been that long for you to lose all that weight like that. I'm telling you, he probably took that Olympic stuff. I'm telling you Man, You know what's crazy? Like I've watched him, like when you watch him play with his national team, he always looks thinner. He does. Then he comes back to the United States and it's like he's eating yeast rolls and pasta.


But the American food, I mean you look at Europeans, they're not as big as Americans. Yeah. It's something about the food he eating. He eat hell, he eating a lot of, I mean, You know, I mean if you go, if you go to Europe, you not gonna see as many and You know people that's, that's a little heavier. You don't see a whole bunch of them. Yeah. So he, he's doing something man. I don't know if it's the now jail, You know this, their bodies are gonna be their bodies. They're not gonna be sculpted. Mm. They're not gonna have abs. They're not gonna have caps on their shoulders. Right. They're not gonna have that mu they all look alike. I've never seen a European player with muscles. You look at Yoic, you look at Luka, you look at Manu, you look at Zoo Box, you look at any international player.


Right. Tell me the one Sooni tell me the one you say, okay. Calfs on his shoulder ripped up calf. They just, that's how they look. There's only one that's Giannis that I, I think is, is Yeah. Yeah. Giannis y Gianni's got that Nigerian base. There's a difference. You know, my base is, is based in, it is Nigeria. So he, he coming from a d the foundation, that stock Right. Is a little different than what the Europeans, what y Luka in Yoki and Manu and all those guys came out of. But he looks good. But like I said, I I don't worry about the guy right now and he ain't gotta play for another four, five months.


I wanna see him look like this when he come back. Well it's, it's strange that he would say that now if it wasn't a lot of truth to everything we heard coming outta Dallas. Yeah. And You know, when you look at him, you got Kinesio tape everywhere. He Yeah. Yeah. Like he, he, he's not at 25 and I mean not at 20. You should have Kinesio tape. You shouldn't be a put together like a, like my, like my grandma coffee table when we were growing up. You should look like that. You know what I'm saying? We had that black electrical tape holding up everything. No, but I'm saying he had Kinesio tape at 23, 24. He's 26 now. I'm like bro, why you need all that to hold you together?


But you remember now he, he missed 91 92 games the last two seasons. Yeah, right. You're right. He's missed a lot of games at a early age and You know, it clearly it's something behind when you let a a, a talent like that leave at 25 years old, it's a hell of a lot of things gotta be happening behind the scenes, You know, to say, You know what? We not even going after draft picks. You know, we're not, we just want to go get, You know, get, get one player that basically it's a one for one, one for one and we, and we ain't gonna have no more conversations. So that, that said a lot. But you can see what Dallas trying to go with it. It's a risk. You got 'em number one pick this year. We'll see how that turns out, You know, with the rest of the bigs.


I do believe that they're gonna have to probably move some other, some, some pieces to bring on another piece. So you're not gonna have Kyrie to start next. Hell, you probably won't have Kyrie the first half of the season next year. Exactly. I I won't think Kyrie coming back till in January. January. Well You know, he do a lot of, he do a lot of meditating and a lot of, You know. Yep. I mean it's easy on him. He got torn ACL and it's not like it's a big man that he gotta get up and down Kyrie thin frame. I mean, theoretically he could, I mean it could be seven months. 'cause I, when he tear that he, he towards knee in what, late March? Yeah. Something. So April, may, June, July, August, September, October, November, December. Yeah. I I see him probably coming back late December by the early, early January jail.


Yeah. He hadn't been, but, and when you think about it, he hadn't been a player that will rush back anyway. Nope. Right. In his career. So he's, he's gonna make sure he's, he's, he's ready to go. But again, when he's right, he's, he's, he's one of the best. Oh, he's spectacular in the world. What do you think the Lakers need to do? What is there a big is there's somebody you think the Lakers can get or should get in order to give them a great opportunity to compete for a title? Because at this point in time, I mean that's all LeBron is really playing for. Here's, here's my question is, can the Lakers be the Lakers with LeBron having the ball in his hand at a lesser level?


Right. Can You know, and even with Yoic, I mean, You know, I mean with, with Luka, You know, can you have a third person that can take some of the pressure off of those two? Right. Because the thing, the problem is when those two have the ball in the hand, the majority of the time, and obviously LeBron is a different monster, You know, he can make things happen, get downhill, but the ball does stop. And so can you have somebody else that make life easier for those two? Right. Because LeBron is 40 plus years old. Right. He's not gonna be able to have to, he's not gonna able to carry the load like he's typically carried. Even though he can still go for, You know, 30 or 40. But you gonna need, you gonna need a third person that can really make things easier.


And I'm not sure how they do it with the cap issues that they have, but we'll see. But I, I don't think they have enough right now. I think they're gonna be seventh, eighth, ninth plan, You know, type of deal. They don't make a move. Oh, they gotta make a move. I think the thing is, first of all, this is what we know. LeBron is better without the ball than Luka. Luka cannot play off the ball. LeBron can play off the ball. 'cause you're not putting Luka in the dunker spot. No, you're not, you're not gonna do, there's certain things you're not gonna do. And prior to this playoffs, officer Reeves was that guy that gave him a break because we saw Officer Reeves go get 40 against Indiana and without Luka in LeBron. So I don't know what happened. The reports are that he had an injury, he got nicked at some point in time, late in the season or maybe got nicked in that playoffs series and he wasn't as as impactful as he needed to be.


Right. I thought they had an opportunity in game. What was that? Was that game three? Yeah, game three. That, but he ended up playing LeBron them 46 minutes and he just wore 'em out. You got to get, bro, you played, first of all, LeBron had already played like 41 minutes in game two. Yeah. And then you turned around and burning him 46 in game three. You got, look, I don't care what 40-year-old, he cannot Yeah. There ain't been a 40-year-old created Yeah. That could play four in a playoff game after coming off a 41 minute. But that's what, that's, so Phoenix had that idea of that third person, Bri being Bradley Beal, obviously Brad Bradley be, hadn't been healthy, but I'm talking about an impact player, You know, coming in and supposedly having that, that level of impact on the team where those guys, You know, hell maybe Brian be able to take a couple more nights off.


Right? Yeah. And impactful. I just think, You know, right now it's only downhill now because Brian is putting up some so many significant numbers from perspective of, of just scoring, having to score, assist, rebound, set the table, turn the bus on, You know. Yeah. Feed the kid. He's still 20. Yeah, he's still 24. Eight and eight. But the problem is they need a big Yeah. Because you can't start Rudy at the five and LeBron at the four, LeBron at the five and Rudy at the four because you see Rudy Gobert look like Shaq 2027 and 24. You can't, the, the the, they're just too small. Jackson Hayes, you can only, I mean for whatever reason J's like, hell, the hell with it Jackson, we're not gonna even play you in game five.


And he only played marginal minutes in game four. So with that being said, I thought the Mark Williams, I don't know why they, they, they nullified the trade, but I thought he would've been a big addition for them jail because they need a big Luka leaves a law threat if you go back and look, study Luka, look at Luka. He's his best when he has a law threat. Yeah. But I'm gonna tell you right now, man, like, I don't know, I don't know why the NBA is getting away from the veteran stuff. Yeah. You got a guy like I, I used Dwight Howard, he always seemed to be in shape, You know, looking for a guy to get rebounds, block shots and defend and, and he did a better job against Rudy Gobert than Jackson Hazel. Anybody else did. A hundred percent Right. I respect that. He's a bigger body too.


Bigger body. Right. And he's, and and he's a savvy veteran. He's been one of the, and one of the best defenders, You know, all the time when they come down to protecting that rim and, and getting and rebounding the basketball. But You know, again, most teams don't seem to wanna go get better in players and they don't, I'm not sure, You know, the NBA needs to, needs to put in a rule right now because if you want the product, when you talk about the issues with people watching the NBA and, and You know, and, and the, You know, rating's going down, it's because you got the young, leading the young. So you don't have, You know, you don't, you don't even have to have a, you could take a role of a player coach role, right. And take that off, off the cap, You know, the NBA can do anything, right.


If you get the union, they can make it work people in place that helps develop, You know, and you got, you look at Jackson Hayes and they had another, they signed another Alex Lin, Alex Lynn, right? If you bring Yes. He, he, he should be the, he should be the tallest high school or college coach next year. Well this, but that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Oh, if you have a, let just call it the white Howard this, use him for example, right? Yes. You have somebody in there mentoring this, these, these young boys and, and, and getting them and help them understand the importance of everything they do. Or supposed then you in a better situation, right? You're not saying you gotta go pay him $5 million, but just, You know, just Right.


Don't, don't, don't put a veteran on, on, on, on. Keep him off the team because you have to pay him a little bit more because he is a veteran. Right. But just create a role or Jelle or JaVale McGee. Jelle McGee was available. That's what I'm saying, bro. Why not? I mean, so, so is is the NBA doing similar to what the NFL is doing also unc Yeah. They really going young. Yeah, they really going young and, and doing away with all the veterans outside of Yeah. Quarterback a, a Pacific quarterback that is still getting opportunity to play regardless of age, but Right. Like the NFL. The N-F-L-N-B. Yeah. Because, You know, the debt minimum OCHO with a certain number of years is a million dollars. Yep. Well, I can get a guy right outta college or a first you guy and pay him 300, 400,000. Right.


Save six. Oh, what's But what's 600,000 when you bring, when you get, when you making 300 million? Right? I I don't, I don't get that. Well, I guess the question in basketball, I mean is, You know, do you, do you really wanna win? I mean, does it matter? I mean, You know, most of, most of the, You know, You know, basketball's not like football where you have historical, You know, families that's involved with these teams. Right? Right. Basketball's not that Right. Basketball. No. By the fact, the majority of the NBA now is new ownership. Right. And so from a perspective, You know, what is it that, what is the real purpose, right? Is it, You know, invest into, You know, invest into a team, let the value grow, then sometime down the road sell it, get up off it, right?


That's, yeah, because the, that's, that's the difference because if you look at the NFL, a lot of these, a lot of these owners now some of these owners now have other things, but for the longest time, Jo and ocho, these were family runs business. These were mom and pop shops, that's all they had. Now you look at guys, teams, people that buy teams now, That's not their number one business. That team is not their number one business. Yeah. The alders that just bought the Dallas Mavericks, they're gambling. That's their number one business. You look at a guy that bought the Sacramento Kings, you look at Steve Bomber who bought the Clippers, that was not his number one business. Now that's what he does now. But he is worth a hundred, a hundred billion. Yeah.


So he spent two. So that's not what it is. Not like the NFL is not like the Hunts. Now the hunts have other things. Yeah. But it's a family. But for the most part, NBA is, is, is, is a lot. Now they're not family. These, these young, these tech guys, these guys that made money invested in Silicon Valley and things like that, they're the one that's buying the team. They're not like, I don't know, I'm trying to think who's the oldest. So you're not gonna find somebody like the, like the, like the McClaskey that own the Bears. Her dad, Virginia McCaskey, she just passed away. Her dad, George Hallis founded the Bears, passed it down.


You ain't gonna find that in NBA. You're not gonna find the Rooney like the Steelers on since 1933. Or you not gonna find that like the Mars. When did they, the Giants, when did Dolan buy the Knicks? Oh, what was the knick down to him? No, he had, I think no, he, I think he had had his dad. His dad. Yeah. That's what, he may be the only one, but he might. Yeah, he might be. No, what'd you call him? Jeanie bus. Jeanie bus. Her dad is his sister. Si of what? 70? I think he bought the team in 79. Yeah. So he might be the longest standing. That was his dad, right? Yeah. He passed it down here. The brown Brown. The brown Stu, huh? Yeah. But, well, You know, Jimmy had Yeah, no Bengals.


Mike Brown, he got passed down to his dad, you by, he took over from his, for his dad. So they just passed, passed it down. Now these, these tech people coming in there with four, five, $6 billion and it's, it's, it's gone. Yeah. You know, the Waltons just, You know, brought the Broncos. I mean, he's worth a hundred billion. What's, what's a hundred? What's, what's 4 billion to him? We just saw Josh Harris, he just brought, he just purchased the commanders last year over six, what? Six and a half billion. He also owned the 76 ERs. So it's not, it's it's different. It's, it's a different time now. Yeah. But I agree with you Joe. I think they should have a, a defense on the team to help these young guys understand and navigate their way through.


I I think they, I think they're doing a better job. The pa of both PAs of having guys understand money. Like, bro, you are not a doctor, you're not a lawyer, you're not gonna have a 20 year career. Right. Okay. Your average year, the average career is about three and a half years. Yep. Three and a half. Yep. So even when you factor in to Brady that played 23 and you factor in Peyton Manning that played 9 18, 19 and Drew Rees and, and Rogers and all these guys, a lot of guys just playing one year. A lot of guys not even playing at all. So it comes, whittle, whittle, whittle it down to three and a half years. Yeah, bro, you gonna be 25 and that's the job that you're probably gonna have for the next 20 years.


It's not gonna be in the NBA, the MLB or, or, or, You know, whatever the case may be. Whatever the prof profession you're starting in, there's a good chance by the time you're 25 you are gonna have another job, but it's not gonna be a professional athlete. Yeah. I think too, man, You know, football is obviously significantly different in basketball, right? You guys draft for exact need. Yes. Yes. And every pick is a valued pick, right? Yeah. Sometimes right now in basketball, You know, they're drafting, You know, best available. Even though you might have, you might draft the point guard and you got three already on the roster. Right. And so, You know, I think that's the difference in basketball where, You know, when you talk about those two or three years or, or four years, it's, it's a change of the guard happening in the NBA because you don't, you don't get a lot of time.


And if they send your ass down to the G league and you a lottery pick that already telling you where you at and what they thinking. Yeah.


The volume when you are with MX Business Platinum, going the extra mile for your business pays off with five times membership rewards points on flights and prepaid hotels booked through Amex travel.com, you can earn more points to help grow your business. And with access to more than 1400 lounges globally through the American Express Global Lounge collection, including this Centurion lounge. Can I get you a refill? You can stay fresh wherever your business travel takes you. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash Amex business.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


We finally switched to T-Mobile because with them we can be connected here and there. Dad, the cousins in Mexico have a surprise for you And enjoy the gift of staying connected. Switch and start saving today. Get four Samsung Galaxy S 25 phones with Galaxy AI on us, and four lines for just 25 bucks per line. Plus nonstop talk texts and data between us and Mexico. Visit a store T-Mobile dot com or call one 800 T-Mobile one 800 T-Mobile. See details at T-Mobile dot com.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.