
What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right, the challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief, and once you break through that, then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Volume


NFL Week one is here, and the new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book Draft. An official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna back touchdowns. Draft King hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports book is the number, number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite of Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the rot runner extraordinaire. Yeah, the binger ring of Fame artery. The pro bowler, the all pro, the legendary, you know, it from Samo Juco to Oregon State all the way to the Bengals where he made a name for himself and from Liberty City. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And remember, you are the reason we enjoy a level of success that we've enjoyed thus far.


Thank you. With no further ado, we got no more introductions to make here he is the current world's fastest man, Olympic gold medalist and the 100 meters. He's a three time, 200 meter champ at the World Championship. He anchored the world, the gold medal winning team in the World Championship last year. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Noah Lyles, Noah. How you doing, bro? Feeling Good. Feeling good. That race leading into it. You ran your fastest time lead the Diamond League meet. I think you ran 9 8 1. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know Khan, k Shane Thompson has run 9, 7, 7 and everybody's talking. That's the man to beat. That's the man to beat.


And you had never run sub nine eight to run it in the finals when you absolutely had to have it. Tell me, what was your strategy going into that race and how were you able to pull it off? To be Honest, I had many strategies. They all kind of, you know, were thrown out the window, the closer and closer we got to the, the, the, the finals. You know, luck the first round. I'm like, okay, you know, I'm gonna work on my first 60, I'm gonna get out, but you know, you know, I have a DD so my brain is working on overdrive. It's like, well, we could, we could get out easy and then hit it hard or we can get it hard and then shut it down, or we could run fast all the way. And the problem was, I thought too much and then I underestimated my competition.


It's like, nope. See, okay, now you had to, you, you messed up. I'm like, all right, all right, all I need to calm my brain down. I need to get it set on one goal. So we get to the semifinals now, I'm like, all right, aggression, mindset, power, everything like that. And it produced, you know, a really good time, 93, it, you know, it tied again my second fastest time, which which was my PR before London. So I'm like, all right, you know, I'm, I'm good, I'm good. But you know, I feel I can go even faster, you know, I didn't want to get beat, you know. So here I am, kind of getting second in the semis. I'm like, you know, what's going on? So my, my therapist calls me and she's like, you're running with aggression, you're running with with a, a Noah, that is not you. And I'm like, okay, fair enough that that's not me.


You know, that that's a, an older way of thinking. That's just not how I run. She's like, you need to run free, need to run with no pressure, just go out there and run. And I'm like, all right, cool. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go out there and I'm gonna just run. And I'm, she said, if you control the crowd, you control the race. And I know, I'm like, well, shoot, that's, that's how I do. I'm a show. That's, that's what I do. Okay. You know, all I gotta do is be new, right? If that's all that takes, I'm gonna win the race. But we get, you know, we're getting out there and I'm just like, just be me. Just be me. Just be me. We get out there and, you know, they're doing the intros and you know, K Shane comes out, K Shane, he, he ends up yelling and I'm like, oh, hold on. That's my, that's me. That's who I knew. But I didn't hold it for it.


I, I liked it though because I love to see more personalities come up than just look at the camera, camera, say hi, walk out. It's like, nah, nah, bring that energy. Like, get me excited to run. So, you know, they, there's another YouTube video that NBC put out where it's like, if you can see us in the back, in the car room, you know, Fred in the, on the side, you know, banging on the wall. It's like, let's go. You know, 'cause Shane's doing his, his yelling, I'm over here singing Dreams, the Nightmares. I'm like, yeah, this, this is an Olympic final. This is an Olympic final. So, you know, I go out, I'm jumping around, I'm running past the cameras, I'm yelling at the crowd and they over here like, yeah, excited. I'm like, yeah, this, this is my race now. And you know, from that point on, it was just repeating, you know, you know, God got me, God got me, God got me.


'cause at this point, I've done everything that I need to do to win this race. Everything that I needed to do has been done in months in advance. You know, we're already here now. It's just a believing in myself that it's gonna get done. And it's not about running fast times, it's about running to win. The times will come when you run to win. No, I think you got a lot of pushback. You run the World Championship last year in unprompted, you said you see these hats and they have world champions on it, which we've always called the basketball players. We've always called the NBA, the, the NFL, the Super Bowl champ. We've always called MLB. We've always called them world champ. What? And I, I think that's where a lot of the blowbacks, because it seemed like one of America's best athletes were taking another, was taking a shot at some of the America's best athletes.


And I think it kind of put you under the eye because then, you know, basketball players said what they said, some football players chimed in also. And then for the first time I actually saw some of these athletes like openly rooting against you. I mean, you might not, I mean something you would probably never see in another country. You are not gonna see the Dutch, somebody from Dutch rooting against Fmca or rooting against Carson from Norway or Reson. We're not gonna see that. Do you think you brought some of this on yourself with that comment? Or what were you hoping to accomplish by making that comment? I think the last question that you asked, what was I trying to accomplish by making the comment is the most important one. Yes.


Everybody sees the clip, everybody sees the thumbnail, everybody sees the 16 seconds. But did anybody decide to ask, what was the question that he, that was asked to me? Right? Question that was asked to me is, how do you feel knowing that when you go back to your own country, unlike these other countries that celebrate their athletes on such a humongous stage. Went to Boho, won his gold medal, he went back to a stadium field with 30,000 people celebrating. Yes. When I showed up back home on my flight, of course some people recognized me, and I'm very thankful for that.


There was, there was no 30,000 people. There was no limo driver ready to take me home. There, there, there was no bus waiting. If I, I had my mom, I had my pops, and they were ready to take me home and I was ready to go to bed. Right? Right. But there was none of that. Right. There was none of that. And but that, that, that it, the, the, the, the difference, it, I, I can understand the difference because we have a different way in America of seeing our sports. The problem that I had was you were given the title of a World champion, the people who weren't facing the World. That's where I drew the line and said, that's hurtful because you already have those, but you're given the title to people who aren't doing that.


Nothing wrong with being a national, again, lemme ask You this, They're great champions. They just didn't have the title Is, is Nicola Yoic one of the best players in the world? I'm gonna be honest. I dunno who that is. Okay. Luca. Luca, Don. Ah, I heard, is he not one of the Okay. Giannis. Yeah, he's okay. What, what's the question? Are they good? They're great. They're great players. Great players, But they're world players. They're not from America. And the problem that you're gonna run into Noah, is that Botswana doesn't have a whole lot of ath athletes to celebrate as opposed to Americans. If you look at probably Kenya and Ethiopia and, and, and, and, and Sedan and some of these other countries, the Dutch, the nor Norwegian, we got NBA, we got MLB, we got football, we got baseball.


And so yeah. Teams, they have parades. Nobody is getting, for the most part, even Michael Phelps, I don't know if they, did they have, how many people showed up at MET? I don't know if Michael Phelps were their goals. I don't know if he had 30,000 show up. I know they might have had a big contingent cheering him on. I just think that the differences, Noah, is that in a sport in a, in a, in a country like Botswana or you're talking about a country, he's their hero. He's, he, he's, he's to Botswana, he's LeBron James. Yeah. That's what he is to Botswana. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Usain Bo what he is to Jamaica. He's, he's, he's there.


Michael Jordan. Yeah, I agree. I agree. And When Michael Jordan was Chicago, they showed out for the parade. Yeah. But, but probably when he went back to Wilmington, where he was from, ain't no 30,000 show up for it. Yeah, No, I agree. No, I agree a hundred percent. The the, I'm not expecting that. I'm not expecting the parade. I'm just showing that the, the difference of how our sport is shown in, because the question that was asked again was how does it feel knowing that when I go back home, it's not with somebody like to boho, it's getting when he goes home. And again, I know what it, I know what it is. I know we have, you know, football and basketball, baseball, golf, those are all above my sport.


I know that. I'm cool with that. I of course I wanna make that better. But I understand that. Again, the only problem I had was you have world champions, but you're giving the title to people who aren't facing the world. World champion. Yeah. And you're giving them the title of World Champion. That's the only thing. No. Can you provide some context? There's this Time magazine story that came out that revealed that while you were negotiating your contract with Adidas, they offered you an invite to assure release for Anthony Edwards. And I think everybody's read the quote, quote, can you provide context? Yeah. For what transpired? I mean, we, look, we don't need to get into negotiations, but what transpired is, is what's being reported.


How accurate is that? So what, what was going on at the time? I was in negotiations for over a year with Adidas to get to, to get the contract. Them offering me, you know, to, to go to Ants for shoe release had nothing to do with the contract. They just thought it would be cool that I would show up as one of their Adidas athletes. Unfortunately. Yes, they Asked, agree, Asked for it very late. They asked for it at probably about two weeks in advance. And I was already scheduled to walk in Hugo Ball Show in Milan, which was a day and a half before his shoe release. Okay. So at first we were trying to figure out ways that we can get there, and it was like, yeah, this, this, this isn't gonna, this isn't gonna work.


There's no way that I'd be able to walk and then get on a flight and, and have energy enough to be able to go to this event. 'cause it wasn't just a shoe release. They were also going to, you know, have us go to a little baby concert And. we were gonna be just signing autographs. It was gonna be a lot, it was gonna be a lot. And I was already drained from, you know, flying over, already doing the fashion shows, doing the walks, you know, going to other events. You know, I was already drowned like this. There's no way that I'd be able to physically do this. What I No, I, I agree with you flying overseas and then it's someone that's flown overseas and then come back. You kind of jet lagged. But you probably should have left it as that. It's that, the other stuff where you get into trouble where people is picking apart what you said is because like, hold on, I'm the world champ and he's getting this, and you have the wherewithal, the forward thinking to see that he's going to be special and why can't you guys see that with me Now I will say, being very vulnerable in this moment.


Mm. I would felt very unheard at that moment with Adidas. Okay. I felt very unheard And. we, and, and, and to give an example, people do a lot of things. They, what, what do you when you do, when you feel unheard, you try to shout louder. Yes. And I felt that I have had many conversations trying to shout and it hadn't gotten through. Right. And unfortunately that was one of my moments where I felt I had to shout to even get them to look my way. Okay. In that time article, because they asked me if I wanted to take it out. Mm. And I decided I was not going to because I had to stand on my decision at that moment.


Okay. I felt that I had to shout to get even a conversation about what I wanted to happen or what was going on at that point. Yeah. I mean that's, that's to be to, to move forward. Could it be handled better? Probably. Okay. Was there more ways to do it? Probably. But in that moment I felt that I had taken so many steps in other ways that I had to shout at this moment. Do you regret your decision not to have that removed from the article? I don't believe so at the moment. This, this conversation could be had in a year and I could have a different answer.


At this moment, I do not feel, so they still, because I still feel if I did not shout at that moment, I would not have had a preamble to Oh, he is serious. And when I said it at the Olympics, they knew I like that. It was still on my heart In track and field. There have only been two men that's ever had a shoe. Michael Johnson and Usain Bolt two. Yeah. Michael Johnson had the world record in the hundred and the 200. And he don't anything but gold medals. I think he's a four time world in the 402 world champ in the 200. He's a two time champ in the 400. And he's a one-time champ in the 200. And you, you say, I just say Usain boat, I don't need to say anything else.


Yeah. What makes, why do you believe that you deserve to be in that category with those guys looking at their accomplishments? Not to say you're not done yet, but looking at their accomplishment accomplishments, looking at yours. Why did Noah Lyles believe he deserves a shoot? The reason I believe it is twofold. One, we look at Michael Johnson. Michael Johnson is, he is a, he is a track guy through and through. That's all he, he used track and he loves track. And that's what he decided his lane was gonna be. I don't feel that in his time period, we had the, the social media, we had the marketing, the self-marketing to be able to push it forward.


Of course, he had Nike and Nike was doing very well, but they, they wanted to keep it, you know, I I I don't think that they, they really wanted to keep pushing it. And I don't know if Michael Johnson wanted to do the work or not to market it as well. And no, I don't know how much they, they had in their contract to keep that shoe alive. That's where I'm gonna leave it with that. The time period wasn't right with USS saying Bolt. Okay. The CEO that actually gave Bolt his shoe is now what Adidas and I've, I've had conversations and I, I think uss saying was very excited in the moment. And then he got excited about something else when it was time to do, you know, the, the underground work, the marketing, right, the commercials and stuff like that.


And that scared a lot of companies, I think in that moment. Also, usin is Jamaican. The marketing in the US is different. I feel one of our in the US is, is a, it turns out when it comes to marketing, entertainment, and marketing is the US is bread and butter. We know how to do that. Like we, that's just our thing. So now that I'm an American in a time period where self-marketing is very popular and it, it is very, you know, it, it's, it's strong. You know, everybody wants to do it. Everybody's looking at it. They want the brand, they want the identity. You know, a a person's identity is more marketable sometimes than a brand at times.


And, and now we see them as brands. I know that I can do the work, I know that I can get the medals, but at the end of the day, I think that it comes down to guys, you now have the title of the world's Fastest Man. What do you do with that title? You tell them, don't you want to have the shoes of the world's fastest? Man? Don't you want to put those shoes on your feet? I'm wearing the same shoes of the world's fastest man. It's gonna make me so fast. It's the same thing. But the shoes that, but the shoes that the world fastest man wears Track Spikes. No, he only wears track spikes on the track. But he trains in tennis shoes.


And, we see out, he's in tennis shoes. And when people go out and run tennis shoes, marathons, shoes, they wear tennis shoes. And when you're in the gym, you wear tennis shoes. Guess what? You wearing tennis shoes. Everybody wears tennis shoes. And the only reason well that you don't see more marketing for tennis shoes and individual runners is 'cause they just haven't done it. Tyreek say he want something. You, Noah, I, I can't believe you know who Tyreek is. Don't do that. Noah. You know, who is the Cheetah? I'm gonna be honest. I forget his name all the time. I, I'm, Imma be honest, if it's not about track and it ain't about League of Legends. My Yeah, I got, I got he Come get some Saying come get some like this Tyreek is just chasing cloud.


The man, anytime somebody fast comes up, he says he wants to race him. If he really wanted to race people, he would've showed up. Like DK Metcal and the man raced in the 60 meters this year in the master division. The man dodge the smoke. I don't got time for that. Rick. Hey Ricky calling You out. Call us out. Hey, you know what? Let's get a couple of, Hey, let's see if we can get some sponsors. Would you be willing to race 60 if we got some sponsor to put some money up? He's challenging me. We're racing in a hundred. We can race if he, if he's serious about it. If he's truly serious about it. I'm not talking about you just talking on the internet and you ain't actually coming to me and talking to my agent and saying, let's set something up. You are seriously about it.


I like that. You'll see me on the track.


Alright man, listen, I know it just happened, but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head. You know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did, man was deciding to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole word situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it, man, you know what I'm normally, I know you be, I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect, man. It was a really good time. Our state was it. Perfect man. Perfect. Yeah. How you feel about the trip, man? Love Airbnb, man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the B experience, man? Was it being a, you know what I'm saying? The comfortability, The air condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you're looking for wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look


What's new from Apple. There's the new iPhone 16 pro built for Apple intelligence. And it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods form models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


He's a two-time Olympic champ at 1500 meters. He's a one-time Olympic gold medalist at 800 meters and he won the silver medal in the 800 meter in the Paris. He swam, swam at the University of Florida under the great Anthony Nesty and he saved the men because had he not won a gold medal, that would've been the first time since 1900 no individual man had won a swimming gold medal. Welcome to the show, Bobby Finn. Bobby, how you doing? I'm doing good. Thank you for having me. And over a hundred years, had you not did what you did, the men would've been shut out of the individual goals. Did that add pressure to you?


Oh yeah. I mean I, I'm someone who personally likes reading all the comments and everything, so on like, on like, alright, the swings, like major news site. I was, I was going through like every article, reading every comment and everything and like there's a bunch of comic saying like, Bobby, you better be listening to like lose yourself on repeat right now or something because he's, he's a last chance. I, I knew about the record going in before I knew how hard it was gonna be and you know, I'm just fortunate enough I was able to get it done because I did not want my name attached to that to, for that to be go down. So yeah, we, we got it done. Now Are there any middle strategies that you go through to prepare for a high competition race?


Especially like for one representing an entire country, yo, in Paris it's the Olympics. None of us have meddled in all the pressure in the eyes of riding on you. Are there, are there any mental strategies that you do? Any superstitions? Yeah, I, I dunno if I really got, I call 'em like right superstitions for me, but everything is really just how I prepare for the race. Especially over at the Olympic Village. The, i, I don't know if you guys have heard, but like the food was very controversial a bit, food wasn't the best, right? But I had so much pasta, right?


Just in the days leading up, I was car loading like crazy and I, I hate pasta like I, oh my God. But like in, in the day leading up to that 1500, a lot of it was motivation on how angry I was after the hundred when I lost, right? Because I, a silver medals great and everything, I understand that. But like for me deep down I was pissed after that race 'cause I didn't win and I needed that, that kind of fire in me to be motivated for the 1500 because I wanna stand on top of that podium. I want to hear the national anthem. I haven't heard much all me and I need to hear it and I need to do it for our team.


And you know, behi behind the blocks, I, I was just telling myself to stay calm, but the, not like the power is in you, but like, you know what to do and you know how to swim. You've done it a hundred times. It, it's really a whole mental game you're, you're having with your brain. It's just telling yourself that you know, you've done it, you can do it again. It's, it's nothing new to you when You look at the situation and when you broke the world record you really, and and, and you didn't get, normally when people break world records, they're getting pushed. You finished four seconds ahead. But I mean, what, what the hell? I mean it's like you have a like yeah, you have a motorboat and they had paddles and, and so I, I'm watching you and I'm, I'm seeing your stroke and it's so smooth when you swimming in a race of that distance, obviously, you know, you got the 50 meters, you got a hundred meters, you got the different strokes.


But when you're 1500 meters, there's a lot of time for you to be in your own head. Whatcha thinking about when you, when you're swimming 1500 meters? Yeah, so I normally race my competition and I'll start behind them for the most part or I'll stay right next to them. So at like the hundred to 200, when I, when I had like a body length lead, I was kind of like, what the hell's going on right now? Because it was just so abnormal for me. But I could kind of see the scoreboard a little bit when I was racing and on the scoreboard they were showing the world record line. So I was kind of mentally racing that the whole time and I was mentally racing. Yeah.


Ah, so I, I saw the world record line like three times during the race and that, that kept me going in the race so hard. But also like, I'm very aware of like what is going around me. So I knew Greg Ari, the Italian who was in lane five, two lanes over. I knew he started to inch up on me a lot. And same thing with Daniel Wiffin, the Ireland representative who won the 800 previously. I knew he started to catch Greg a bit. I was kind of peeking over there, but I knew as long as I stood or or stay ahead of Greg that I would be able to stay ahead of Dan.


So I was kind of keeping it, that mental was just like, just stay ahead of them. I don't have to be too far away from them or like draw drop back to, to be at their pace. I just needed to stay right ahead of them. Right. And that, that was really a big mental game for me was just trying to, you know, be aware of where they are, even though they're behind me, make sure I have a safe distance from them. So that, that's really what I was focused on. Bobby, I I just wanted on behalf of Shehe Media and Nightcap, we're very proud of you here. I know my subscribers are sur are proud of you. I know the US is proud of you and to show you how proud we are of you. I don't know if you can see that. Can you see that in your screen?


Hold on. Kind of. Hold on. We gonna make sure you can see this. I'm take my, take my glasses off. Okay. He gonna zoom in. My camera guy gonna zoom in. We gonna zoom it in. We gonna make sure you see this. We, you Bobby? Yeah, I oh my god. Information. So by the time, Oh my god. Wait Aunt, wait, wait, wait a minute Aunt wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Bobby. Now in order to get that, in order to get that in its entirety, when you come back to Florida, we have to race 800, 1500, whatever you wanna do.


I'll do You guys want I'll do, I'll do anything. Hey, if you can beat me, it's all yours. It's so good. Congratulations though, man. Congratulations Man. Get us up. Get us up. I'm proud. I'm proud of you bro. Massive McDonald's. Congratulations. What you've been able to accomplish thus far. Stay healthy, good luck down the road. I mean the world's the next year and then in, in, in two years after that you got the Olympics in la So we look forward to following your career. Continued success, bro. And congratulations again on, on your accomplishments. No. Oh, you, you got, oh, I probably dunno what to say.


Yeah, you guys, oh wow. You, you guys are amazing. Yeah. Jesus. Holy shit. Hey Bobby, you, You know Bobby, You write, you write in Clearwater, right? Yeah, yeah. I'm, You know, I live, I live in Miami. How far are you from me? About four and a half hours. Oh, so you, you more, you more like Orlando down, down that way, huh? Near Tampa. Near Tampa? Yeah. Yeah, I'm near, it's just because, sorry, I'm my brain. Hey, I I think it's just because of the way you have to get to Miami. Right, right, right.


Because you gotta like, not straight through the other Everglades, but you have to go to like Naples first and then Naples. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, we'll catch up. We'll catch up. We gotta, we gotta, we gotta we gotta get This. Oh Lord have mercy. Yeah, I mean, you guys are already legendary in your sport, but you guys are legendary for this. But I, I can't thank you guys enough. Thank you guys are, Thank you. Great success and enjoy, you know, and I appreciate you stopping by this morning. We appreciate you stopping by Nightcap this morning and look forward to talking to you down the road, bro. Yeah, no, thank, thank you. I i I appreciate everything you guys have done for, for your sports and then obviously for, for the Olympic games this time, especially for the athletes.


Yeah. That is a, is a dream. This is a dream. And, and you guys are well a part of it and thank you. Thank You so much. Have a good one. We have a very special guest joining us, the reigning 200 meter Olympic champ. She's a member of the winning world championship four by one. She ran a blistering third leg. They qualified this morning with the fastest time, even though they had a little hiccup between TT and herself with the exchange. They're gonna correct that, gonna win another gold medal. We're gonna talk about her possibly running on the four, running a leg on the four by four. Welcome us ladies and gentlemen. Gabby Thomas.


Gabby. Yay. I forgot to mention Charles has a, a undergrad degree in neurobiology and she has a master's degree, master's degree in epidemiology. Is that correct? And she's current, Ooh, currently that's right. In Florida at the, in, in Austin where she serves under underprivileged women. Is that correct? Also? Yeah. I volunteer at a healthcare clinic where I, I provide healthcare services to people who don't have health insurance is dope. Lemme ask you this. That's still how much pressure because you got the bronze at, at the last Olympics. You got the silver, if I'm not mistaken, at the past worlds, you are the face of this big ad with Toyota. You are the face of this now Ika Jackson, she steps out.


That's even because there was pressure on you to do better than what you did at the last Olympic. Now Sika has withdrawn. Now there's a ton of pressure. We had Justin Galland Hood, a world champion and an Olympic champ. We had Michael Johnson, a world champion and Olympic champ. He then said sometimes the things that can weight an individual, an athlete down is expectations. How much, what type of burden were the expectations? You are the face of this Toyota ad. Okay, Gabby, you are out there. Okay, we see you, you better bring home gold. I know I, everyone kept texting me talking about, oh, I see you on Toyota everywhere. Like before trials, even before I even made the Olympic tickets. Yes. You know, they were showing my face on the Toyota ad everywhere.


So I hadn't even become like the Olympian yet. So there was definitely a lot of pressure. And for me in 2021, like coming from Harvard and not having any, you know, medals or having made any USA team, it was just a lot of fun for me. Like, I was going out there and running and no one had any expectations. So I was having a great time. I was like, all right, let's go, let's go wind up next to Alison. Felix, let's go see what happens. It'll be great. And then as soon as I made the Olympic team, it changed. And then as soon as I got a bronze medal right, it changed. Now suddenly people are talking about, okay, if you don't medal now you know that's an L, right? If you don't make this team next year, you know, that's a big L. And so it immediately changed my mindset.


And then even going into this year, yeah, I'm going in as a favorite. And there, I mean, I was telling people before I even stepped up to the line for my prelim, I have never felt this type of pressure before in, in my entire life. I mean, you walk, you walk out there and you're just, you're by yourself. Like you don't have a team to take that loss with you. If you someone messes up, there's no, there's no redo, there's no next play, there's none of that. It's like, alright, you're gonna go out there by yourself in front of 80,000 people and then you know, the millions of people watching a home And. If you don't get it right in this one moment, especially in the short sprints, it's over. So it, it's definitely a lot of pressure. But for me, I practice like I meditate, I, I practice like focus.


So if you can dissociate in that moment, you know, that separates the good athletes from the great athletes. If you're over there on the line thinking about how many people are watching you, you're gonna mess up. And you can, you can see it in people's faces when they line up to the line. You can see, you can tell when you're watching an athlete, you look in their eyes and you can see like, okay, this person has figured it out. They're about to knock this race out. And someone who's scared and they're like, all right, this is gonna be, they're gonna have to fight for this. Are there any more world records that the Americans can get? Will you guys challenge that, that 40.82 that the women ran in Beijing? Is that possible? Can we see Sid and fem cabal lower that 50.65 in the 400 meter hurdles for the women?


Will we see Carston, Warhol, rod, Benjamin, you have Alison do Santos, we have so Samba from Cutter. Will we see anybody go up on world record in any of the remaining sprints American? I think so. I think, I think definitely they, I think y'all are gonna have to open up your wallets a little bit because we're Gabby I'm sure it's coming up. Whoa, whoa, whoa. You're spending our money Gabby. I hate to say, I hate to say it, but I do think, I mean, I think the four by one girls we can definitely challenge the world record. The previous world record team, they spoke to us just last week about it and I think we are very capable. And the the hurdles, yeah, it's a wrap. It's a wrap tonight. I don't know if it's gonna be Ante or Sydney, but I think it'll definitely go down.


Somebody's gonna have to run low fi if, if if if Fmca beat Sid, she's gonna have to go low 50, maybe even sub 50. Sydney is in great. I'm talking about in great form. She's in great shape. Yeah, she's a flawless. I mean she can run, she can run the one take, she can run the hurdles the lower for the women and be good. Her technique is you, Anything She wants, she has tremendous strength coming into it. That 2207, that's still like what the eighth or ninth best time run at 200 meters. She's run 48, 75 at 400 meters. She's probably, if if she run to work at her get a start right, she might be sub 11 at 100 meters. In order for Phil, and I know FCA is unbelievable, she ran a blistering sub 48 split on the anchor leg.


We've seen her when the world indoor at 49 17. But see it is a different, if she, this is an upset, I don't care what anybody tells you. Yeah. If fem Cabo beat Sidney McLaughlin in the 400 meters hurdles ain't, this is a huge upset. Ain't Happening. Ain't happening. Ain't happening Captain. No sir. One thing s gonna do, like you said, it's all about moments and whenever that moment arrives, She's always been good. She shows up to the case. Yeah. Always shows up to the Case. That's one thing Bobby, the one thing, if you go back and study Bobby K's history, his runners at big meets, they perform if they, if they, if they line up, They Run, they, they run well.


And so that's not the shortchange fca. FCA because she's been unbelievable. I actually kinda wanna see that thing come down in the 400 meters, the four by four. I won't see it in FCA to get the Batard at the same time. That'd be nice. And let's see what happens. Let's see what it's really about. Ocho, I told you we gonna try to make this thing the real Olympics. We gonna have people that actually participated in the Paris Olympics And. we gonna get, we were, I'm gonna going to have former greats. The guy that's gonna talk with us for about 45 minutes today is a former two time world champion. The 200 meters, he's a former four time champion in the 400 meter. He was a former world world record holder at 200 meters. At 300 meters at 400 meters.


He's still the current American record holder at 300 meters and 400 meters. And he ran the anchor leg on the world breaking world championship 400 meter relay team of two minutes. 54. There you go. 29 Mike. There you go. He's a two-time Olympic gold medal in 400 meters. He's a one-time Olympic champ at 200 meters. He's the only man to successfully defend his 400 meter crown in back-to-back Olympics in 96 and 2000. And he's the only man currently to win the 400 and the 200 in the same Olympics. One of the greatest sprinters in the history of sprinting, arguably the greatest sprinter in American history.


Michael Johns Going on on it. Good to see both man. Good to see you. I haven't talked to both of you guys in a while, Mike, when you hear the accolades, you know, four time world champ at 400 meters, two time world champion, 200 meters, a two time Olympic champ at four, Olympic champ at two back to back. Nobody in the history. The game's been going on since 1896. And, we see some young guys come in and they win the 400 early in their career at 18, I mean 19, 20 years of age and can't replicate that. You did it later in your career. Why has it been so hard for men and women to repeat? I mean it's more common in women repeating, but why has it been so hard for men to repeat the four?


Oh it's, It's a difficult event man. It's, it's difficult for people to get consistent in that event. Like you will see somebody come out, run 43 seconds, become a 43 second meter, 400 meter runner, but then you'll see them in some races running 44 high, 44 mid, not consistently under 43 seconds. The 400 meters is one of those races where you need to be consistent in order to deliver that type of performance when it counts at the Olympic games. And what happens is, is you have somebody run the Olympics, they get it right then. And then if you see them in those race, those races outside of the championships being very inconsistent, running 44 highs and that sort of thing, then there's a likely chance that when they get back to that next championship they're gonna run worse, not better.


It's just the way that it goes. You have to try to get consistent with that event. It's a really difficult event to run because it's such a long sprint. There's a lot of room for error. There's a lot of ways to make mistakes in that race. It's hard to get it right, easy to get it wrong. How different is running a 400 as a two? Because we understand two is is half the distance of four. But what's the difference? Because you were able, you kind of started like at a 200, you won the first world championship at 200 meters in 91 if I'm not mistaken. And then built up and then you got the courage to say I can do both. I can in the Olympics. Boy, do you know how, what kind of brass kahunas, you gotta have to say I could be the world's best at four and two in the same Yeah, it's probably never gonna be done again on the, the inside Mike.


Yeah. Yeah. So a couple of people have tried since, since I did it. Nobody even tried before I did it. You couldn't even, the schedule wouldn't even allow for it. So I had to get 'em to get them to change the schedule. But yeah, I started as a 200 meter run but when I was at Baylor I was on the four by four and I was always splitting 43 so I knew I could run 400. But like in college you always, you can't really go back and forth between the two and the four very much. 'cause you always preparing for, gotta qualify for nationals, you gotta get ready for conference, you know, indoor and then the same thing I do and the both of those seasons are pretty short. But I knew I could run the 400 then when I, when I started my professional career, I was primarily 200 but I was running 400 that at at meets on the Grand Prix circuit and I was running low 40 twos rank number one in the world.


But the first couple of championships like that 91 championship like you talked about Shannon. So I chose the 200, made the team in the 200 won the world championship in the 200. But I'm sitting there in the stands and I'm seeing Antonio pedigree win the 400 meters. I'm like, I've been beating him all season. I should beat the world champion in the 400 but I can't run the 400 now somebody else is world champion. So I was telling my coach then like, you know, I wanna run both and, and he was saying coach was like, yeah, we can do both. We just gotta get 'em to, you know, work out the schedule for us. So over time that became, you know my thing, I'm gonna go to the championships, I'm gonna run the both to two and the four. Nobody had done that before. The races are very different. The 200 meters is a all out sprint for most people.


There's a, you know, some of the guys that's a hundred meter runners that's not really, don't have that type of speed endurance to be able to hold it. They can't run the whole thing. But if you come from, you know, like me like having a 400 background as well, I can run the whole thing. So the difference you know is there's less room for margin or margin for error in the 200. You may be able to make one adjustment in that race because it's so short, 19 seconds. Whereas in the 400 you can make all kinds of adjustments. The problem is there's more room for error in the 400. You're gonna make a, you can make a lot of mistakes and you probably will. Whereas the 200, it's much more technical. In 93, I think that was the time that you guys broke the world record at the world cha at the world championship in the two.


In the 400. In the four by four. Andrew Vollman led it off. I think he ran split 44 5. He passed the Quincy Watts. I think Quincy ran sub 43 5. He passed it to Butch Reynolds and then with you with nothing to prove, Mike, you got it. You guys have got this, you already got a 30 minute, you guys already got a 30 meter lead. They hand you the baton, you go what's going through your mind? Because that was the first time in the history that somebody has subbed 43 split into 400 meters. You stepped on the gas, I think you ran 42 9. What's going through your mind as you're going around the track and you've got nothing. You got a 30 minute, 30 meter lead.


Mike, what possess you to do what You did? I'm gonna tell you, this is a story. This is crazy. So we broke the world record the year before 1992, right? We just broke it by a little bit. 1992 Olympics. I'm the, I I I ran the 200, I didn't run the 400 at the trials. I make the team in the 200. There's a debate about whether or not I should be on the four by 400 meter. Oh Whoa, whoa. I tell you, go back. The year before that 1991, my first world championship in the 200 US lost a four by 400 meter relay to Great Britain because they did put me on that relay.


Yes, the hurdle. The hurdle ran down, group down That you exactly right. Chris Bui ran down pet, the team coach that year didn't like me. So he said, Hey, we don't need Michael Johnson on our four by 400 meter relay. He didn't run the 400 meters at the trials. We don't need to put him on. We can win it without him. I'm ring number one in the world undefeated for two years. Right? He does not put me on the four by four. They lose the next year in 1992. I'm on the four by four. I got food poisoning right before the Olympics. You remember this Shannon? We talked about this, right? So I do, Back then what happened was, so I got food poisoning didn't make the final in the 200.


They like, we still need you on the four by four. I'm like, man, I'm, I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not even, I'm a shell of myself. I can't even run that fast right now. They're like a 75%. Michael Johnson is better than anybody else. So let's go. You need you on this lap. I'm like okay. So my split in 92 when we broke the world record, I was the weak leg on that relay. I was still remember, I remember it lost weight. I'm still feeling, I think I split like 44, 9 or even maybe even 45 flat. It was horrible. But we still broke the world record. So fast forward to what you're talking about, 93, I had just won the 400 beat all of those guys. Now we coming together in the four Four by four.


Yeah. At that point it's like I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make up for last year. And then also if we broke the world record last year with me at 45 flat, if I can put it down like what I'm normally used to doing, we're gonna put this world record to a point where ain't no got nobody gonna break it for 30 years. And that's where we are today. Nobody has still broke that record. 'cause those guys are grand fast. And I ran 42 9 on the anchor. What are Your thoughts on the current state of track and field right now and how do you see it evolving based on where we are now? Because you did just say it comes in waves, it goes in wave. Do you think we are right on the, on the, on the right track to kind of dominating the sport again? And maybe the, the one, the two, and obviously The four? Yeah, that's a good question, Ocho.


So look, the Jamaicans been taking it to us for the last 15 years, you know, I mean, you gotta give them credit. I mean, this na this is a nation of less than 3 million people and they go toe to toe. And sometimes, like I said, and for the last 15 years, they've been handing it to a nation of 300 million people. That's crazy. Yeah. Where else does that happen? Yeah, it's amazing. That's why the Jamaican brand from a sprint standpoint is so significant. They known around the world as the sprint capital. They got great coaches, they got a lot of talent. And it used to be, back when I was in college, all of the Jamaican athletes would come to the US for better training and facilities, right?


Yep. Around 2006, seven, they stopped. They started, they, they got some great coaches down there, and they started saying, Hey, just stay at home. We'll train you here. And that's when you saw that explosion. So, you know, right? And, and it's just been, it is been, it is been amazing. But, you know, for us as the US we saw what happened here in Paris. You know, Noah, Fred, you know, those guys. I mean, and it's not, and, and, and look, the Jamaicans have found some new talent. Shane Thompson, Ko, bleak, obl, obl, those guys, they, they got some talent, you know, they had a little bit of a void after boat left. And now they got some more talent, but us got some too. On the men's side, on the women's side.


The Jamaicans have been, it's been ridiculous. I've never seen a situation where they had two of the greatest sprinters of all time, and then found another one on top of that with Sha and converted her from a 400 meter to a 100, 200 meter sprinter. And then now you got another one. They was just, it's been crazy that that's, that doesn't happen all at the time. So now what we're seeing is, okay, those are, they, you know, e Elaine is pretty much done. Her body's just not gonna be able, her former coach even said that her body's just not gonna be able to do that anymore. So she's probably on her way out and probably gonna retire here soon. Shelly Ann is done. She's the greatest of all time. She's done enough, enough. She's retiring after this year. And so, so this is the first time, like in this Women's 200 last night, the other day, I mean, Gabby, what Gabby won Gabby, there was no woman, Jamaican woman in that, in that final.


And a Jamaican woman has, I saw this stat the other day. A Jamaican woman has medaled in the 200 every year, every Olympic year since 1976. So it goes in stages and goes in waves. I think the US is, is at a position where, I mean, we're always at the top of the metal table, but the, the events you talked about Ocho de sprints, a bit of an accord for us the last few years, but I think it's, yeah, it's coming back. It's coming, coming. We got the world record silver, four by four, mixed relay, VEON, Norwood, Bryce Deadman, Kaylin Brown, and Samir, little Vernon. I'm gonna start with you, you the elder statesman here. Going into that, did you guys think you could set the world record in qualifying, or what was your strategy going in?


I obviously you want to qualify, but did you think world record was a possibility? Percent? We already talked about it. Like before. Once we saw the lineup and the talent that we had, we was like, oh yeah, we world record gone, because we knew world record was gonna win the race anyway. So we like, we just gonna go out there and do our thing. I mean, from me starting it off, getting it to Shamir, to Bryce, to Kaylin, kk, I mean, I already knew world record was gone. So, and then we heard y'all comment about, you know, y'all coming out with this cash, they coming out there, they coming out there easy. Look, look, look. Soon as he crossed the line, I said, oh yeah, I'm, I'm out. Hit him up right now. Tell that boy mama today, Guys. Did y'all know Bryce that when he got back to his room, he dmd me about UNC run me my money?


Oh yeah, that man dm, that man DM Rice. I look, I heard y'all was talking about it one time on the show. I was like, man, hold up now. Let me see them boys come through their world. I'm like them boys from around the waist, so I know they gonna come through. And then y'all actually came down. I was like, Danny, y'all some real ones man. I preach called. And then there's a mutual friend, he hit up. A mutual friend said, man, I'm trying to get an uncle. I don't know if he gonna see my dm.


Y'all. Hey, it's all love. Hey, y'all good in my, y'all come down in Baton Rouge. I got y'all, man. No guys, we just wanna know you guys some love the crew at Nightcap here, myself and Ocho and all of our subscribers and listeners and followers. Man, we wanted to show you guys that we really appreciate. Thank you. What you do, the hard work, the sacrifices, the time away from your family, the times that you don't feel like training, that you go out there and you push yourself. Yeah. Farther than you ever thought you could. And so for us at Nightcap, it was an e it was easy because to run a world record, that means everybody contributed. Everybody did their part. And, we wanted here at Nightcap wanted to say thank you.


Yeah, not only, not only for your effort, but for what you've given before that race. Because the race is the easy part. The hard part is the training up to the race. And so from us, from the bottom of our heart here at Nightcap, thank each and every one of you, every Last one of you. Thank those. Make, make, make sure y'all get some McDonald's with that money. Now, McDonald, Man, hit me or burning money. Nah, I ain't, I ain't rocking like that, man. I'm chilling. I'm chilling, I'm chilling. I'm chilling,


man. Hey man, listen, I know it just happened, but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head, you know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did, man, was decide to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worried situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it, man, you know what I'm normally, I know you be, I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect, man. It was a really good time. Our stay was perfect, man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip, man? Love Airbnb, man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the big experience, man? Was it being a, you know what I'm saying? The comfortability, The air condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you're looking for a wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look


What's new from Apple. There's the new iPhone 16 pro built for Apple intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps, and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here, just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic, and of course Colleen Wolfe. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer, star caber, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church, and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I Felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


He is been chasing Carsten Warhol, the world record holder for the better part of three years, and he finally tracked him down the Norwegian. And why Ry here years later. And gentlemen, your 400 meter hurdle champ with a time of 46, 46. Rod Benjamin. Yes sir. Obviously you have an outstanding season. You have been performing really, really well. Give us your mindset going into the Olympics. You had raced him, I think you raced him once before at a Diamond League meet prelim. Yeah, we're, and so you had to feel good because you beat him and you had beaten him three times since he last beat you, I think at, at the, at the Olympics. Budapest, yeah, in Budapest.


They won Budapest last year. And then we went to Prefontaine. I won that meet. Then we went to Monaco before the Olympics. That was a big one. We were all there. I won that one. So going into the Olympics, I was, I was, I felt really confident. I was calm, I really trusted myself. I think mentally I was in a way different place than I was. Yeah, I could tell. Yeah, previous years and previous seasons. So I mean, I just, I I, I went in, I had the confidence, you know, like it felt good energy in the stadium was ridiculous. It was actually like, I've been to a lot of football games. I've been to, yeah, I've been to Death Valley, LSU Okay.


And I have never heard a stadium get that loud in my entire life. It was crazy. Wow. So it was, it was, it was, it was, it was phenomenal, phenomenal experience. So just, you know, I I went in with a completely different mindset and I was like, yeah, like I'm, I'm, I'm the guy to beat and the only person that's gonna beat me is me. So, yeah. I I have a question. Speaking of that race at the Olympics, did you understand his strengths and weaknesses? And did you have any type of strategic game plan going into that race and knowing what to do and when, when to kind of hit it? When to back off? I think mean, what, what were your plans? So in the past three, four years, we raced so much.


So I have seen every single race plan, every race strategy. And I think for me, right work, the three of us are so good that very little separates us. And it's, it's about who could be on, on that day, who's gonna get it on that day. And I think right, you know, throughout the entire cycle of the semis, I mean the heat, semis, finals, you know, I got dealt the right hand and, and those guys ran out, ran fast like the first two rounds. So I knew being out in lane eight, I was gonna be the one to kind of dictate what the race would look like. So in my head I was like, all right, like, I need to, I need, i, I need to really push the pace but not do too much.


So I have enough to come home that last a hundred twenty one fifty meters. Yes. When that, when, when, when, when we got out, like I, he gets out really, really hard. So he covered me a little bit and my whole thing was, all right, just run in lane eight, like focus on your, your 10 hurdles in your lane And. we get off that turn, like, put your foot in the ground and just go. And then Coach Watt, coach Watt, he has a, we have this, we joke around sometimes and he's like, yeah, if it's leaving, I'm leaving. So, you know, we got off, we got off Hurdle seven and I was like, all right man, I'm outta here man. So whatever happens, happens. And I don't know if you guys saw, but like I was coming out, right? Yeah. Off a seven and I stumbled a little bit.


I was running so fast that like the centrifugal force pulled me out to the outside of the lane and I kind of like stumbled a little bit and I, I think that kind of costed me like maybe 46 flat. But at the same time, like I just had so much momentum I just kept going. So that was just that, that was my, that was my game plan going in, to be honest with you. Just run my pattern, do what I've been doing in the entire season. I mean, unc, we talked, you know, UNC could send me a message sometimes after the race, even if it went good or bad. So I mean, yeah, it was, it was, it was phenomenal man. And I'm on Cloud nine right now, Right? We had Michael Johnson on. Yeah.


And I remember in Stuard when they broke the world record into 400 meters. Yeah. They ran 2 54 29. And I, I, I can go back in my head. I know Andrew Ballman led off with 44 44 5. And he went to Quincy, your, your coach, and I think he ran 43, 3 43 5. He handed it to the world record holder at the time, Butch Reynolds. And he ran low 40 43. The race was blown over. Yeah, Michael Johnson got the baton and he said, because we had almost broke the world record, we, well, we broke it, but I ran like mid 44, almost 45 because I was asking him, I said, Mike, you do realize you ran sub 43 with a 30 minute lead with a 30 of meter lead.


Yeah. And I said, why? He said, because I didn't want to hear their mouths. He said, they had talked about me so bad. Yeah. So he ran 42 9. Did you think you guys had a chance going into that race? Did you think this was going to be the second fastest 404 by four in the history? I Thought we could have broken it last year. So after Budapest, like if you, if you go to my Instagram, you look at my, my, my last relay post from Budapest, I was like, let's go after the world record next year. 'cause we had all, we had all the pieces. Quincy's running well v's running well, I mean, I could get on a relay and give you a really hot split. Michael Norman, he was coming back to run, well, Chris Bailey, Bryce Deadman.


And then we had little Quincy just like, you know, just shoot up out of, I mean, I'm not gonna say outta nowhere, but like no one was expecting him to run 44 low. And it's just phenomenal. So we had all the pieces. The issue is, is figuring out who to put on what leg to maximize those legs and Okay. I think because Quincy had that little tweak in his hamstring, in his final, like we had to reshuffle the order, but I knew we still had to pieces 'cause V had split 43 cons. The, the Twice in the mix. In The mix. Yeah. And I knew, Well three times because he ran the mixed relay twice and he opened in the qualifier. Yeah. So V had the 43 in him.


I knew, I knew Bryce had 43 in him as well too, because he was consistently running 40, 44 or Lowe's. So I knew if, if, if, if Bryce lights come on, he's, he's gonna bring that stick around 'cause he's from Texas a and m so he is gonna run. Right. And, and it just all came down to what my leg would be. I actually wanted to run second this meet because I knew if I ran second I would run 42 8 or 42 9 on that. Wow. Yeah, Because I, I, yeah, I, I just know second leg is the best. It's the best leg. 'cause you can on that tangent, when you cut in, you can kind of cheat some meters if you do it right.


That's why all them second legs but fast. I mean, you still gotta be fast to be on that second leg. But like, if you do it right and you run a good tangent, like I'm telling you, you can cheat it a little bit and you can get that split. So initially, so when that happened, you know, you know Coach Mike Marsh came and was just like, Hey man, like I need a dog on ankle leg because Yeah, you, you had to be on anchor. So I Don't know Ry I don't mean to cut you off, but Ry I don't know if anybody could have hold Tobago could have held Tobago off other than you because you, like you said you had a strategy, he didn't put you under the gun because of your pace. I think somebody else would've panicked.


Yeah. And, if you panic in that situation, he gonna chase you down. Like the Great Britain did Antonio PETA group. Yeah. We saw Low, a good friend of mine, Angelo Taylor, same thing in the Olympics. If you panic on that anchor leg, because everybody got their boy do and an anchor. Right? So everybody can go sub 43 could go sub a sub 44 on an anchor leg Did. Right. Every single guys, the first leg was 43. Them, them boys came to run. I, they really can't, they were not playing around man. They were not playing around. So, Oh, yo, you didn't know this, but Ry was a quarterback Ry. What made You I wide out quarterback man. I was a wide receiver. Yeah. My dad said the wrong thing. Yeah. I played wide receiver in free safety in high school and I, okay.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was, I went So what, Okay, so why why'd you give up football and went to the track? Because I'm from New York and people out in New York don't get good scholarships to go to big D one schools. Yeah. Yeah. So I was like, I ran track and it was like, you know, like I wasn't really getting, we weren't getting good recruits or recruiters coming out to my high school. 'cause we were small high school in Westchester County in in, in New York. So, you know, we had one or two guys like, you know, go to big universities, but it wasn't like we were going to like LSU or, or USC or at Clemson. You know what I mean? So it was just one of those things where Right. You know, that was my avenue out, you know, and Right.


And I was really good at track my freshman year, so I just stuck with it. So You originally went to UCLA? Yeah, I was then transferred to, I thought about walking on to be honest with you, but they were like, yeah, you gotta give up your track scholarship 'cause of Title ix. There's no way in hell yeah. But yeah, like it, a part of me wish I played in, in, in college, to be honest with you. Yeah. I'm not gonna pull a tyreek and say like, you know, I'm, I'm fast than Noah. Or I could go catch a ball. Yeah. How you know, I'm gonna ask you that. How you know, I gonna ask you that. Listen On the show, I'm tired of the Noah loud slander man. That's my guy.


Okay, well talk to her. Talk to us about it. Slander. I'm, I'm not saying like, I can go out and do what you guys do and catch a ball across the middle. I know how hard it is. I know how hard it is to read plays and, and and and memorize stuff and, and go out there and put your body at risk every day. But Tyre, you're not beating though in a hundred man. There's just no way in hell, you probably wouldn't even beat the top collegiate guys, man. Like they, Now when it comes to SC Men skateboarding, there's no one more accomplished than this gentleman that's we're about to sit down and have a conversation with. Now he's from Davis, California. He is name, you're talking about World championships. You're talking about X game when it comes to men skateboarding.


He is the defacto guy. He has his own Nike skateboarding shoe and here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Nigel Houston. How you doing Nigel? Doing good boys. Doing good. Your first two rounds flawless. You land some huge tricks, you are in the moment and at that moment tell us what's going through your mind. You got one more run to make. You're you, you're right now you're in gold medal position. You just got one, one more round, one round to go. What, what's going through your mind at that moment? And did the pressures, did you start to tense up? Did you start to feel the pressure? I mean, I like to say that, I'm sure you guys feel this too, is like, anytime someone is very competitive and you care, you're gonna get yes.


You're gonna, you're gonna feel the pressure. You know, that's just a part of caring about what we do and having that passion for what we do. So yeah, I mean I definitely felt the nerves out there, but I feel like I was handling it pretty well. Qualifiers went smoothly. First run in the finals. I landed my last fixed sketchy, which really bummed me out because I got an 87. If I would've landed it clean, I would've got a 90. So the second run, I definitely had the pressure on me was able to pull through. And then when it comes down to the trick section, it's, I mean it's, I like to say that you go out there with, with confidence, but you can't ever go out there expecting to land these tricks every single try because the stuff we're doing is just too technical and too difficult.


And like so many things need to go right every time to land them every try. But it, it was, it was going really good for me. I was in a good spot. I landed my first trick. I landed my second trick, which got a little bit of a low score because I also landed it a little bit sketchy. You could see that my, like back foot was hanging off the board a little bit. Okay. But I still got a 93 for that one. So that was solid. And then that last trick, man, I was going for, it's called a switch heel, crooked grind down the hubba hubba as a down down ledge. And it's a trick that I've been looking forward to trying ever since I saw the design of the course a few weeks prior. Okay. Yes. The trick I've been practicing a lot lately throughout the past couple years.


And man I felt, I felt really confident going into it. The first one didn't go so well. Second one got a little closer. And then when it got down to the third one, I, that's when I got bumped down from being in first to second, then to third. And honestly, I, I think back on it and when I was dropping in, I got my, my headphones in. I like listening to house music. So good vibes got the hype going. I felt, I felt good man. I felt really confident dropping into it. I felt like the energy was right. I didn't feel my leg shaking or anything like that. So it's hard to really pinpoint exactly what goes wrong in those situations, to not be able to put down the trick.


But man, really, you, you, you can't, you can't think back on it too hard or it'll just torture yourself. Because like I said, the stuff we do on the skateboard is so technical that like, you know, could be your, your foot being in a slight wrong position, leaning back a little too much, going a little too fast, going a little too slow. There's a lot of things that come into play there. And I feel like that's something about skateboarding that's really, man, it's frustrating because I feel like, like what you guys do in football, it's like you make, I mean correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel like you make a wrong, a wrong play or a wrong move and you kind of know what you did wrong.


Yes. Yeah, absolutely. Skateboarding Man, it's just, it's so frustrating 'cause as you just play it back in your head, you're like, damn, what went wrong? What could I have done differently? But when it comes down to it, man, it's, it's, it's hard stuff we're doing out there. And it's not easy to land those tricks every tried. You've been credited with taking skateboarding from what Tony Hawk started four decades ago and making it more mainstream, making it more popular. What was that transition like? Because everybody knows Tony Hawke is the, is the Godfather. I mean, if they're a godfather of anything, he's the godfather of skateboarding. Yep. And you were you credited with like, okay, it's mainstream now. We see it on television, now we see kid, it's in the Olympics.


What more can you ask for? 'cause it's a, it's a global sport now. Yeah. What, what, when you hear that, what does that make you feel, Nigel? I mean, just being in the same, you know, conversation or compared to it all to a guy like Tony Hawk is a, is a true honor. My first skateboard ever was a Tony Hawk board. I grew up going to some of his demos and being like, oh shit, Tony. Like, even though, even though he wasn't a street skater, he was a Burt skater did the big round, right. He was such an inspiration and I guarantee skateboarding would not be where it's at now in the Olympics if it wasn't for Tony Ha. And yeah, I've heard some people say a similar thing about, about me, you know, pushing the, the progression and getting more eyes on street skateboarding.


Absolutely. Man, skateboarding's a special thing, especially when it comes to street skateboarding because it, it really, it really is what it's called. It comes from the streets. You know, people first started skateboarding on the sidewalk cruising around here in southern California and then people started flipping the board and then they started skating little curbs and then they're jumping down handrails and then there's contests and then now it's in the Olympics. So I think the, I think that's the most special part about skateboarding is it's, it really is so different from any other sport out there to the point where it is, if it still feels weird for me to call it a sport because I see it more as a way of life.


Well, way of life and you know, lifestyle, creativity, That's the gold medal winning 400 meter. He just ran the second fastest time in Olympic history. He won the goal, put us back on top of the podium for the first time in the 400 meters since 2008. That is Quincy Hall. Chris Bailey, you, you had, it was reported that you're dealing with a little hamstring issue or a leg issue and you weren't able to run. So they led off with Chris Bailey who handed the Vernon Norwood, Bryce Devon and Rod Benjamin. And if Vernon Norwood, he's had an unbelievable, because he's ran extremely well and the mixed doubles. And yesterday he ran us back into qualification running 43.5.


Today he split another one, but it came down to that ankle leg and you know, you got to be a boy dog and stand tall. That ankle Quincy, you got less low to less Tobo who run 44. And you got Rod Benjamin, the reigning Olympic champ at 400 at the hurdles when they got the baton. Tell me what would've been your strategy and what did you like about how Rod played it? Nah, rod played it smooth. Man. Rod knows that Tobo a quicker running, so Toboo can't really like trail him as much, but if I, if I was Rod, I would've took him out a little bit faster and made him chase a little harder. But Rod played it smart man. Rod, rod had a long week. Rod Rod's Olympic champion.


So Rod played it smart and if, if Toboo would've tried, I feel like Rod would've ran a little faster. But yeah, nah, rod played it real smart. And Rod, rod Rod's a good dude. I thought Rod didn't step on the gas because he wanted to make sure he had something left at the end because Tobo ran the third last fastest split that's ever been run. He ran 43 0 3, rod ran 41, 43 1 3, which is the fifth fastest. Only two many have ever run sub split 43, obviously that's Michael Johnson, Jeremy Warner to Bogle has the third in the 92 Olympic Quincy Watts ran a 41, won a 43. I keep saying 41 ran 43 1 and then ride today.


So what we saw today, it doesn't normally come down like this. Yeah. But boy, that would, that's what we wanna see because normally we just run away with the thank you. Yeah. We always, yeah, we just run away with, but I, I kind of seen it from the, from the prelims and then from the, from the go the gun that Bya got a good team, you know what I mean? They do. It's just not us just got some dogs, Buta got a strong team and they got like five, six guys that could run 44 me and 44 me translate to 43 in a split. So nah, we knew Botswana was gonna be strong and stuff like that, but without me being on the relay, I knew we could win it just because we got some dogs too. I mean, I know Quincy Wilson, he split 47, but it's his first time being out here on the global stage and yeah, a lot of pressure.


You've been dealing with some hamstring injury too, but it's, it's just, like I say, it's a learning experience, but any, anything we put out there, I have my money on our team. You do know if y'all, if you run on that relay, y'all, that real record might be 2 53. You know that right? You know that Right? I've been seeing a lot of comments about it, but I don't like to think the woulda, coulda, shoulda, because I'm not that type of guy. I'm a I'm a what happened, you know what I mean? So Right, right. I I don't like to put myself, it's not about me right now. It's about those them four guys that stepped on the line and, and ran that race and won it. So it's not about me. I run, I won a four. Oh yeah, that's cool. But I didn't step out today because I didn't feel, I didn't feel comfortable with my hamstring. I didn't wanna, I didn't wanna be tight or like have to stop running and prevent u us a from being a gold medal.


So that was just a business move and just a being, being a bigger person, being a good teammate. Right. I'm curious, how did you, we saw the 400. Yeah. We saw coming off that last curve where you are, forget that part. I need to know, how did you mentally prepare for the pressure of competing on the world? Biggest stage? I, I, I, I just wanna know that first then we'll get to the, to the race and the end results. Well, like I said, man, I don't, I don't, I don't really like talking about track. I don't really like talking like that. But I consider myself like being one of the mentally strongest persons out there in Yeah, I don't think there's no, I don't think, there's no pressure on me.


Like every time I go out there, it's like me racing in the small meat or somebody else. I don't really, I don't feel no pressure. Like the other guys, I don't know about the mug guy, but they feel, I don't feel no pressure. All I feel is that I practice by myself. So when I'm out there and I'm out there grinding, I'm out there doing my, my my my meters and I'm out there doing my heels and all of that stuff and my junk. I just feel like if I'm out there by myself, because my coach is all in California, s Allen, and I'm out there by myself. So when I'm out there just putting in my work and doing my grind, I'm out there telling myself like, come on Q, let's go. You know, you gotta get up, let's go. So if I don't want it myself, then nobody else gonna want for me. So it's not really a mental standpoint, it's just me, man. I got bills to pay, you know what I mean? I got daughters, you know, I'm just keeping, I'm just keeping it real with, you know.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Right. I look at it as like, as a bills every due on the first. So I, I pick myself up, I tell myself, let's do it. I encourage myself. You can't encourage yourself. Nobody else can encourage for you. So it's not really a mental standpoint on how I can get myself ready. It's just mentality. You know what I mean? You gotta you gotta run it yourself, man. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and it bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champions League match, live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brand, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


Arm. Nice s


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.