
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


The time for holiday hosting is upon us, so make your second bathroom second to none with home Depot dot com's. Best savings of the season right now. Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices that will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online Bath plus free delivery at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco four nine ERs abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And, if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jeans. It fits me just the way I want it to make sure to hit up abercrombie's Essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


Super quick question, how many tabs do you have open right now? If you're like me, it's dozens, and if you're running a business, it's a lot more. And with all those tabs, you're spending more time searching and less time you know, growing your business. But HubSpot's customer platform brings all your tools into a single powerful place for marketing, sales, and service teams. So close those tabs and get growing. Visit hubspot.com to get started today.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bs.com. The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house.


Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario one no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wow, wow, wow. The Falcons walk it off. It took a franchise record, a Falcons franchise record, but First Cousins did it. 509 yards. Four total touchdown. And the last one was the game winner of 45 yard touchdown to walk it off as the Falcons win in overtime. 36 30, thank you. Thank you. Joining us for another episode of Nightcap, I am your favorite. Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite 85 Liberty City Zone. Cincinnati BA Ring of Fame honoree. The legendary pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Make sure you, Hey guys, do us a favor. You see the shirt? Make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button ocho just in case.


Just in case they can't hear. Right, right. They can read, they can see. Yeah, they can read. They can read. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, make sure you go get your, make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber matters. You count. Thank you from the bottom of our heart hearts for mattering and counting. What do we got? Please make sure you go check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock by the end of the year. We will be in 14 to 16 states. If we're not currently in a state or sitting near you, you can order it and we'll ship it directly to your door, door door.


So thank you guys very much for that. Please make sure you follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. UNC and OCHO t are back in stock. If you've ordered merch within the last three weeks, it has begun shipping. I know some of you guys have emailed us today, emailed, you know, text tweeted me, And, we were able to get back to you. You sent us your number, And, we got you the information that you need. So the shirt, t-shirt started shipping all the merch started shipping out. So hopefully it'll all be shipped out by tomorrow and you'll have it by early next week. Go ahead, Ojo. I'm still, I ordered. That's my Michelle shirt and I just wanted to let you know.


And the other people, the people at home, the people in the chat know that I'm waiting on my shirt. So everybody else emailed you. I didn't email you because I wanted to be patient as, as your co-host. But I'm just gonna let you know now I'm waiting on my, that's my Michelle, why You order a shirt? Ojo. Huh? My ass. Why did you order the shirt? I I ordered the shirt because you put it on the website and I thought that was stuff I could resonate with and I could Oh, Oh yeah. So you, you support night camp, huh? I'm No, I'm supporting you. Hey guys, check this out. Please go vote for the Signal Awards. Nightcap is nominated for the best co-host team and Best Live podcasting recording.


Now, we were very hesitant to put this up right because the Wes start voting next week, Ocho. And you know, the thing is, when talking to the team, talking to s like, man, are the voters are, are are fans gonna get fatigued? Right? Of voting, voting, voting. Right. Right. But I, and my, my my thought process is, is that they like that the show that they started watching from the ground floor right. Has started to blossom and to flourish into something. And they'll large reason why. Yeah. So I said I don't think they'll get voter fatigue because they still show up for us often. Yeah. They come out to our live shows. They order our merch, they watch us in the chat. They listen to what we have to say. Go Ahead.


I think, I think the people, the people in the chat need to understand that they are the meat and they, they are the meat and potatoes to our success. They have to understand they are the main meal. They're the reason that we're able to do what we, what we've done so far for us to be able to grow as fast as we've grown in such a short amount of time. They are the reason I don't you say it every time we start to show, I don't think they really understand that they're responsible for all this. Yes. At the fast rate. So for those that are in the chat that are watching, I don't say it as much as UNC does, man, I appreciate you. I love you. If I've seen you in public, you know, you already, you already know how I act now. I act like I didn't know you 30 goddamn years. And I always tell you I'm a I I'm appreciative of everything y'all done for us, man, in such a short amount of time.


It, it, it, it, it really, words really can't put it, put it into, into how much I'm really grateful for, for what y'all have done for us. Man. I, I really appreciate y'all. So again, please go vote for the Signal Awards. Nightcap is nominated best co-host team. Best Live podcast recording. Yeah. Voting is open through October 17th. Yeah. Similar to the Webbys, you have to create an account and verify your email. Ash just tested it and her vote did not count until she verified the email. Mm. So you're gonna have to verify your email. Also, OCHO Club, she is also nominated Popular culture and variety show.


Best Athletes Shaping Culture Show and the best individual episode. Best Guest Performance. Mm. Kat Williams. Yes, sir. So guys, thank you so much. It is indeed an honor that Shehe Media, you know, obviously a had Club Shehe for a lot longer than the Nightcap And. we didn't kind of know where we was headed with with Nightcap. I always knew that Club Shehe, I wanted not to just interview athletes. I'm an athlete. Yes, I love sitting down and talking to athletes. But I felt in order for me to grow, I needed to branch outside of just the athletes. I wanted to get entertainers, I wanted to get comedians, I wanted to get influencers. I wanted to get a lot of different people, have them sit down and share their story.


And so I'm very appreciative of everyone that's been on Club Shehe. And if you've been on Club Shehe from KA was the first episode that we released in January to all the way through. Thank you sincerely from the bottom of my heart, CJ and everybody at Club Shehe. If you made a guest appearance on Nightcap, if you came out to the tour and you sat down on that couch and you talked to OCHO and I in front of that live crowd, thank you very much because none of this is possible without you. So all of our guests that was on Nightcap, all of our guests that showed up for me on Club Sheshe, I appreciate you. I thank you. But the fans, you guys that watch, you guys that listen, you guys that order, you guys that retweet our videos, our sayings, our clips.


Yeah. Thank you. None of this is possible. I can have the best guests in the world, but if you don't watch, if you don't listen, it doesn't mean anything. Yeah. So thank you again from the bottom of my heart, Ocho and I thank you from Nightcap and the Staff Club Shehe, CJ and the staff over there. Club Shehe, we thank you from the bottom of our hearts. Thank you very much. Ocho. Let's get right into it. Yeah. Atlanta Falcons Beat division rival Tampa Bay Buccaneers 36 30 in overtime. Thanks. The first cousin Kirk. First cousins threw 45 yards to Cadra Hodge, a 45 yard walk off. Touchdown Cousins a a Falcons franchise record. Yeah. 509 yards young way co No, no, no, no, no, no.


That's not his name. Say his name right. That is his name. No, that's his name. No, it's Young Weight. He's Korean. He had a 52 yard Gametime field goal as time expired. And then Cousins did his thing. 46 yards. He did. Cousins needed 46 yards just over a minute. Right. Without any timeouts to get him in field goal range. He got him down there. They killed a clock with one second on the clock. And young way after having one block after missing two, he missed one early in the game. ocho. Yeah. Yeah he did. But the bus lined up offside got another opportunity missed and missed that one. This time we walked out there. 'cause remember last week he kicked a 58 yard walk off field too.


Win the game this time game tying field goal. Right. And after the Falcons won the coin toss, first cousins hit Cero Hodge 45 yards touchdown on the fourth play from scrimmage and overtime as the Falcons win it. And if I'm not mistaken, they're, they're in the lead in that division if I'm not mistaken. So ask, check that for me and see if they're leading the NFC South. But what a well of a ball game. Both quarterbacks played exceptionally well. Baker Mayfield was dealing Yeah, I think it threw two touchdowns to Mike Evans, Mike Evans, but they were playing very well. Seemed to be in control of the ball game, especially after cousins threw an interception. Yeah. And LaVonte David picked it off.


You thought, okay, that's the game. The game was over. But the Falcon said, oh no, hell no, we won't go. Hell no we won't go. And they keep 'em outta the end zone. They sack back and they push 'em back. And the rest is, as we say is history. Ocho, you said it was a very exciting ball game. Very, you love what you witnessed. What are some of your takeaways from this ball game? Listen, This might've been the best Thursday night game I've seen in a while, especially from vote teams offensively. Listen, the goddamn bucks in the first half, they scored on three of the first four series when they had the ball, obviously getting a, getting the field goal in that four series. And I thought they were, at some point I thought they were gonna run away with it, but hell here come Kirk cousin that goddamn offense, Kyle Pitton, Drake, London, be John Robinson. Continue the deal and kept themselves in the game.


So yeah, me, I felt, especially from a stat line perspective, well, damn, hold on. Now if the bucks win this game, you'll look at Kirk cousin stat line and what he put in the numbers he put up, which were a record, by the way. Ain't no way in hell they had opportunity to win or had a chance to win with him. Putting up numbers like that. Listen, I think tonight tonight's game for Drake London was a coming out game for Drake, London. Kyle Pitts finally. He's being u They got him involved. Yes. Yes. They, they Him involved in the game. He's been u he's being used the right way. I would love to see them get Bija Robinson. I'd love to see them get Bija Robinson a little bit more effective and efficient in the run game. But he, he put up, he put up a few numbers a day.


Yeah. He's 12 for 61 5 0.1 yards of carry. Yeah. Yeah, he did pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. It was, he had a longer 28 Alger was only six or 12. So they had 18 rushes, 73 yards. They didn't run the ball because like you said Yeah, Tampa Bay had to leave pretty much all night. Exactly. So they were in a situation where they needed to throw cousins was 42 or 58? 5 0 9, 5 4 touchdowns. One in interception. He was sacked four times. Yeah. But he was undeterred. Yeah. Hell, he could have had more if Mooney could have just held onto the ball. Yeah. Moony. Oh Joe, how many third downs? Yeah, Moony had about, Moony had about maybe two or three balls that he dropped that that, that could had cousins damn near close to 600. Y'alls passing. But At least close to the record, the record is the Flying Dutchman Norm Van Brolin, he threw for 5 54.


Who? Oh, he the record. Oh, He'd have broke that tonight. He, yeah, he would, he would've probably would've probably broke that night. But listen, kudos to Kirk Cousins man. He was dealing, especially coming off that, coming off that goddamn bikinis injury. You don't know what you gonna get. Huh? You don't. Right. Don't know what you gonna get from your quarterback. But I said it if you can, if you, if you can remember I said it when they get Kirk Cousins, if there's one thing I know about him when it comes to the regular season, he gonna be wheeling and dealing. And I say to Kyle Pitts and Drake London, they gonna look completely different in that offense with him at the helm. And that's exactly what they look like so far this year. But listen, even, even though the bucks lost, man, kudos to Baker Mayfield and goddamn miss consistency. That goddamn Mike Evans man. Yep. That goddamn Mike Evans.


Boy, you the real deal. I know you gonna see this boy, you the real deal man. But con congratulating to the Falcons fans, this was a very, very, very good division game tonight. Very good division game. But the thing is Ocho is that if you, if you let Kirk Cousins sit his damn feet Oh yeah. He gonna light you up. Oh yeah. You gotta pressure him and you gotta keep pressuring him and you gotta make him see Ghost. Yeah, they got him a couple of times. A few times. Yeah, they did. Yeah. But man, if you let him, he is a prototypical pocket quarterback. Quarterback. Yeah. Now he had a little athleticism. It's marginal at best now Right. With that Achilles injury. So you better heat him up, you better move him off his spot.


Yeah. But if you just let him be back there eight yards behind the line of scrimmage and he can just do this. He gonna get you now. Yeah. He gonna get you. And he got guys that can go get it. Yeah. He got Moony, he got London. Yeah. He got cow pits as we saw cla. Yeah. Bijan Robinson can catch the ball outta the backfield. They got guys, they got weapons. Yeah. The defense just need to do a great job of allowing those weapons. Don't let 'em get too far in front of you. But this, this team, the Falcons, I like it. And I love Raheem. I love the way he's coaching these guys. Yeah. He's got 'em playing this offense. Looks really, really good. They got guys, they got weapons ocho. Oh yeah. They got weapons on this side, on that side of the football.


It, it's amazing. It is amazing how those weapons that they do have look completely different now that there's a quarterback. And no disrespect to the quarterbacks that came before, you know, man, That was terrible. Heineke and Ritter was bad. I, I'm not so sure Ritter's even in the league right now that goes to show you I'm not here. The guy was starting. The guy was start. Oh Joe, if you a starting quarterback in the N nfl, that's, and one year later you're under the age of 28 and you're out of the league, that's not a good sign. And it's okay. He wasn't very good. It's okay to say that we're not bashing him. Just look at the resume. Right. Just look at the way he played. He turned them ball over too much. Yeah, Well I'm, I'm gonna let you have that on.


You can say, you can say that. I'm gonna go ahead and say those before him weren't really Kirk Cousins. And you can see the difference from the skill position now that they, they're flourishing. And I said this before the season even started, were Kirk Cousins in the regular seat? Hell, that wasn't even Marcus cousins. Gee, they not even boogy you talking about, Hey, you know what Kirk cousin give you in the regular season. I said they were gonna put up stupid numbers. Yes, yes. And They were, they, they, they were gonna feed, they were gonna feed off of that. And they will look completely different from a skill position perspective. And that's exactly how he looked already in week five. So I Remember Ocho when he was a rookie, Mike, Mike Shanahan was the head coach.


Yeah. Obviously all those guys were there. Kyle Shanahan was the offensive coordinator. I think Mike McDaniel was there. I think Sean McVay was there, there were a lot, a lot of head coaches that was there was on Mike's staff. Right. Hell, Raheem might've been there. I'm not sure. And I just remember, you know, talking to the team, Mike asked me, as a matter of fact, me and Rod Smith both went right. And I just remember seeing cousins. He was like, like in the first or the second row and he was just taking notes. Everything that I say, you know, I, I was, you know, I'm looking at, I'm looking at the guys and you know, who's attentive, who's like, oh, whatever. Okay. But I'm, I'm watching him and he's taking notes, he's listening to what I had to say. Right. I was like, okay. I thought it was odd, right. That you take a quarterback number one over number two overall and then you take a quarterback in the third round.


Yeah. I understood. You know, I understand Mike's philosophy. A lot of people don't understand. And what he tried to convey to, I forget the owner's name, Daniel Snyder. He's like, Dan, we, if, let's just say for the sake of, now remember ocho, that's when they had the, they were in salary cap held. Right. They had tried to push the money into an uncapped season. Right. The NFL punished him took $30 million away from him in cap space. He says now, if we don't have the cap space to go get people in free agency, we trade all the draft capital to move up. Right. How do you build a team?


Mm. How do you build a team That's nasty Work. So, and the thing is you have to like, okay, RG three's RG three deserved to be selected where he was selected. Yeah, Most Definitely. But is this style conducive for a long, a long career? It kind of is. If you protected yourself better. Yes. But so you factor that in. Right. You seeing him? He did not slide when he was in college. He played kinda like reckless and look at his frame. Yeah. So again, if that style of play, is it gonna lead to a long career?


Probably not. Unless you understand, bro, you one of the quarterback that p you one of the positions that if you slide, nobody's gonna look at you sideways. If you a wide receiver, you slide, man, he's scared you running back tight end. You slide Oh your chicken back. Oh yeah. Yeah. Get outta here. Yeah. It's about longevity at the end of the day. Now come on now. It Is. It is. They want you to play Well great. For an extended period of time. But yeah, he, he, he, look he's made himself some money. Yeah. He's a good quarterback. He's a good quarterback. The problem is, is that he hasn't been able to carry that regular season until the postseason success. Yeah. And a lot of one playoff win.


Go ahead. 1 1 1 playoff win And Ocho and when it was prime time, when it was big time games Yeah. And they needed him. He hasn't been able to replicate some of the games that he's done right now. You see this, you saw tonight, Hey, he was dealing look good. He's as good as tonight. He played as good as anybody could have played. I mean, no matter the quarterback as he played five bro and a whole lot of 500 yard pass yard games in the NFL. Yeah. I mean normally a quarterback has one of those. Yeah. You know, Marino has one. I know Boomer has one. I think Brett Farm, not Brett Far. Excuse me. Big Ben might have two or three. I think Drew Brees has one.


I know Brady has one. Yeah. Matthew Stafford has one. Warren Moon has one. Norm Van Brolin has one. There ain't a whole lot of quarterbacks Yeah. That say I got a 500 yard pass game on my resume. Her cousins can say that. Yeah. Yeah. Now if we could just, we we could just get some of them playoff accolades. And, we, we gonna be all right. Now That quarterback, that's where Define don't you? Yeah.


The holidays are here. And The Home Depot has everything you need to stay connected with smart home upgrades. Whether you're keeping an eye out for the big guy or keeping an eye on your family. The Home Depot has you covered with great tech like the Ring Indoor Camera two pack with advanced motion detection, two-Way talk and Color Night Vision. Plus get your smart home devices the smart way with free delivery. Get holiday ready with seasonal savings happening now at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home Depot dot com slash delivery for details


We all know. Just because gifts for loved ones can look like flowers a spa day or maybe even planning date night. But what about something that will truly last and protect your loved ones along the way? I'm talking about life insurance. I called Select quote to secure our coverage and couldn't believe how easy and affordable it was. I'm 40 and my $500,000 policy was only $16 a month. My husband's also 40 and his $500,000 policy was only $18 a month. And with their same day coverage, there was no medical exam required. And, we were covered by the time we hung up with monthly payments, less than the cost of a bouquet of flowers. This is the perfect time to make sure your family is protected. For Your free quote, go to select quote.com. Select quote.com. That's select quote.com. It's never too late. To secure affordable coverage through select quote, show your loved ones, they're your top priority by protecting their future. Go to select quote.com to get your free quote today. Details on example rate@selectquote.com.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like, are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, A hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey, it's Jody Sweeten and Andrea Barber from How Rude Ritos thanks to Hyundai. We recently took an epic road trip to this year's iHeartRadio Music festival in Vegas. We got to explore a couple of weird and interesting spots along the way and even recorded a special episode in the car for you guys. So take A listen. I think I kissed you. Oh yeah, we kissed. We kissed Season One. Yep. That was a great moment. Yeah, I gotta say it Was. There you go. It's so weird because like I've known you so long it was comfortable. Question five is from Elena. Okay. Did you guys ever have a crush on any guest stars who appeared on the show? Come on, give us some juice. Tommy Paige Really randomly. It was really your crush. Well, I randomly, no, you know what? It wasn't my crush. It was like, I think I was, whatever. It was like the last season, right? Yeah. Well Yeah. I think so. So, I mean, I was like 13. I was like, oh, he's cute. I don't know, I thought he was like cute. You know, it was the, the waiter at Sizzler had my attention. You know, it didn't like, it didn't, didn't take much, you know. Oh, I have to answer the question too. Okay. Guest stars that I had a, you know, I was so obsessed with New Kids on the Block. This episode is presented by Hyundai.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I never forget in the eighties. My grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League has given you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man. City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in AC Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Juventus by Munich, PSG and so much more. All in one ultimate Tournament Champions, playing champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win days because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for champion league match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Ocho, why the football world debate the best landing spot? Davante. Adams. Raiders isn't or Raiders? Antonio Pierce isn't focusing on Devonte's, right. Tuesday. Trade requests. Let's take a listen to what AP had to say. I was Wondering if you could address that. Yeah. Devonte's dealing with a hamstring. He's rehabbing and the rest of us are focused on Denver Gonna be here in the building today. Or he's supposed to be rehabbing. Yesterday Devante went on the up and Adam show and discussed it was a, I guess a social media posts earlier this week. Is that something that was accidental on your part in terms of liking the post Or Yeah, I'm just focused on Denver. Have you communicated with Devonte and where, where was the relationship with you And, and me and Devonte talk often.


What was, have you talked to him since all of This? I believe that between me and Devonte, Are you concerned at all about this being a distraction? No. Nope. 'cause we're focused on Denver. Antonio. Given, given all the reports that are out there about Devonte, how are you able to focus simply on the Broncos coming up? I've been doing them. You talking about me personally? You and then how do you Oh, because I mean, it starts with me. 'cause that's my only focus. I get paid here to get ready each and every week for the opponent. I don't blink. I don't flinch. I don't know. I've said it before, like I've been through enough of my life with adversity and stuff that it doesn't bother me. I just move forward. The next obstacle in front of me is the Denver Broncos. And that's what I presented to my team and that's what they're doing right now in the meeting. And we're about to go out to practice and do it.


Versus the Broncos? Nah, just business as usual. Just gotta keep rolling. Let's go Talk about the media's a trip. Like some of these things going on off the field, the media, they ask these questions to me maybe, maybe for you, it's really not a distraction. Once we're able to enter that workspace, once we're in that workplace, once you walk in that building, all that motherfucking noise don't even matter. It don't matter. I don't, it don't matter what's going on. I am at peace. Once I crossed that threshold in that place we call work. What's your, what's your take? What's your take? Yeah, I want to, but see, it's fine. I get to work. If you asking me about the Broncos asking me about Davante, Adams ain't ain't work.


Right. Right, Right, right, right, right. Because you know they coming to you, they gonna come to the guys that the big, the guys, if something was going on on Carson Palmer request a trade, you remember Oh yeah. When Carson retired, you, you who the ask he, They they, they asked me, he said he refused. He was not coming in and he did not come either. He say, I'm not coming back unless y'all trade me. And he retired. He literally retired. And yes, I, I had to answer those questions, but it didn't, it didn't affect me and I didn't see it as a distraction. You know, those were just regular questions that were easy for me to answer and articulate it. At the time I understood his stance. I understood why he took that stance, answered the question. Boom, boom. Once, once I hit the field, boom, that's in and out the door.


That's in and out the door. But You know, Ocho, all of this could have been done if Antonio Pierce didn't like that tweet, what did he think was gonna happen? Hey, Do you think he did that? Or somebody, he has somebody that runs his account though. Ain't nobody doing that. That'd be like somebody that'd be like, Hey man, I'm glad, I'm glad got in trouble and you liked the tweet. Oh that was ra liked the tweet. Either one is bad. Right? Because guess what, we automatically assume the person that's closest to you. Right. Okay. But this, this is the thing. Think about this not, not to bring up the past, but you know, you had an incident a few weeks ago, you had someone else that actually runs your account be Yes.


Shut that off. So I'm just, I'm, I'm trying to think, when I think about Antonio Pierce as the head coach, is the head coach really active on social media like that? Especially Instagram to be able to like a post. That's why I'm thinking maybe it's somebody that's on his team that may be active by accident and he has to take the Nah, hell nah. You, I guess you, you could. Yeah, because I ended up following people. Right. I'm like, who follow? I'm like, how the hell I end up following you. I don't. So so he has to, he has to tell, he has to fall on the sword for it as if it was really him. But like you said, you end up following. Look, my thing was is that I'm glad Jordan had access to my account Right. And could shut it off. Right. Because there ain't no telling how long that thing would've been running because I had no, I had no idea.


Right. Right, right, right, right. And so Jordan was able to go in and cut it off. Right. You was right. 'cause he has access to the account. But listen, had he not had access to the account, ocho I ain't gonna lie, I don't know how long it'd been Running. Right. It don't, it don't matter how long it'd been running. One thing about it, uncle, you'll put that work in baby. You'll put back Be there you go there you go, there you go with that bull drive. So that, that's, you're right. If, if, yeah. Have I liked the tweet. I don't really like, 'cause I didn't really, hell I didn't know. 'cause like when I got on, when I got IG Ocho Yeah. I didn't really know anything about it. Right. Hell, I'm like it because I'm like, I'm like it everybody's tweet, Hey, I like this. I look, I ain't know. Right. They like, and I remember my barber like, he like, man what? Why you like all them tweets?


I'm like, why not? I mean, I like the person working out. I like this, I like that. Yeah. He said, you know, that means Right all, listen, all you're doing is taking your finger and you're pressing the goddamn scream simple. Yeah, Yeah. He said, you know what that means, don't you? I said, nah, it means that I like, nah now ain what that mean, bro? I said, what you mean what it mean? That means you like you, you like that person. I said, huh? Oh. I say, how do you be, how do you, how do you, how are you able to deduce that Now? See now that, that, see that, that's, that's a small issue. Now that's also an issue I've had here, here in the household now. So I, so I got to be careful now. Now I yeah, I understand what you're talking about. So I've gotten, Yeah, but I didn't, oh, so I didn't know. Oh. So I didn't know. I didn't know. I'm just getting the thing. Hell, I'm liking everything. I, I didn't Know either.


Honestly. People I know like Snoop Dolley Right. Stuff like that. LeBron, I'm liking all things, but I, I see a woman working out. Right. And she got a nice body. Yeah. She's working out. I'm liking the thing. I'm liking the workout. Okay. You working hard. Oh no. I ain't trying to shoot. No. Yeah, Hell are, man, they Know you trying to shoot your shot. I like hell, at that point in time, I ain't know shooting no shot, man. Yeah. Hey, but, but listen, now you have to understand now if you like too many pictures, you know your name comes up and other people can see your name and, and all this. Yes. I done, I done got cursed out a few times. Now what you doing? What you doing? What you doing? Liking that individual? I, listen, I didn't mean to, I didn't mean to like it. I might've been scrolling and I, I, I slightly, the pressure, the pressure from my finger because you know only, it only take 0.85 pound ounces of pressure to like a picture by accident and my finger accidentally.


So I went back to have like everything because it, it didn't sit well here in my household. I get it. And I, I I, I to, I totally understand and that, that's the only thing I wish that people couldn't see who you following because they go to the thing, they say, okay, he following 500 people. Right. And then they can go look and see the people that you're following. Why you care. Yeah. You worry about your followers. Why you worried about who? The people who Follow, you know the people that don't got nothing going on. They, they, Yes. I'm like, bro, people, y'all ain't got, if, if you got time to worry about who's somebody following you not busy enough.


Oh. They not, they not, they not all on our plate trying To see what froze for a second. That's why you starving. Yeah, bro. Eat your food. You got what you got. Hold on. You went to the restaurant. It was a buffet. You got what you want. You could put whatever you wanted to put on your plate. Right. Okay. The people that you're following, those are the people that you wanted to follow. Right. The people that I'm following, those are the people that I wanted to follow with. Yeah. I don't understand why you concerned with who I'm following. Yeah. Well you, so you gotta be careful though, unc when you reach a certain, a certain level of, of status. I Had to learn the hard way. Yeah. You, you know, you, you can't like everybody pictures, you can't follow certain people. Oh. I ain't Like nobody. Yeah. And when you, when you like pictures, it is it to, from, from what I heard now they, their rules to Instagrams is Well if you like too many, you trying to get the attention.


You, you Yeah. I don't like nothing. Yeah. So I hate all y'all working out. I'm with all y'all working out. You body's bad too. I'm, I'm with you. I'm I'm with you when you're right. I had to learn the hard way. You right. Don't, yo, you. Hey, I, hey, you ain't wrong when you Right. Oh yeah. Listen, listen. This, this, the, the culprit. You know who got on my case is right, is right here. She wide awake too. Yeah. You, hey, you understand? You understand? Okay. That's a problem. Yeah. Nate, you ain't gotta worry about and You don hey, hey big bang, why you follow with her? I was like, even if you follow somebody, why you follow with her? Yeah. She on ig. Yeah. Yeah. Oh no. That Hey, the only you make it seem like she got one follower and I met. Yeah, Listen.


Okay. It's the Fact that it ain't no biggie. Yeah. Hey, I, I don't got no more problems. Now what I do, I can see I still got eyes now. Yeah. Yeah. I, I can still see, but I ain't got, I like it in my mind. Oh, Joe, I ain't liked it. I you don't know. I liked it but I liked it in my mind. That's nice like art. I did the hard eyes, I did the hard, I did the hard eyes in my mind. You, Hey, that's a good one. Yeah, but I get it. I get it. A i i it ain't, it ain't worth because at in the beginning Ocho Yeah. I was like, I was following these people before I met you.


How you gonna come in and tell me to unfollow? Yeah. You know what I did Ocho I, at one point in time, Ocho I was follow like 1200 people. Right. I couldn't, okay. I got rid of 200. Why you got I got rid of another 200. Yeah. Okay. Lead that person. Oh, why you now I'm down the, now I'm down to 700, 600. Now I'm down to four. Yeah. I'm trying to figure because it, it ain't, it ain't that big of a deal. I was, I was following, I mean, but a lot of these people I was following, I ain't even know you existed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, you know, I, I had, I had to clean mine up. I had to clean my Instagrams up. I don't think I probably, maybe I followed maybe, maybe a hundred, a hundred, 120 people Now I done clean it up.


So I, I don't, I listen, I don't want, I just want peace. I like peace, you know? Yeah. I just deal with enough shit in the real world. And when I come home, yeah. You know, I don't wanna have to have no problem with my phone. I don't wanna have no problem with, with my people. I just wanna come in, Hey, how you doing baby? Boom boom. Who is this? I wanna Get on game. Say I work with her, I work with these people. Right. Yeah. E even that, If you, if you see him at work, why you got a fault? Oh my god Damn monkey. You be going through it. That's a lot to wait. Hey, matter of fact, when somebody questions you like that again, ask em where your ring at Wilma ring at. You asking me questions as if we a married couple Wilma ring at, we walk down now out asking me them questions. Them.


If you work with 'em, you see 'em every day. Why you got, I say so what you think I follow somebody to keep up with them? Right? Right. Hey Y'all, y'all You gotta put your foot down now Hit it. Nah, ocho put your foot down. I Hey sometimes Ocho, I hey, sometimes you just let 'em have that. Yeah. And just, Okay, okay. Okay. I understand. I need to get me a burner account followed by 5,000 people. Follow who I want. I'll be out there secretly like it like, like in photos, aren't you? If Davante Adams gets his wish, he'll eventually be a member of the New York jet playing with his friend and four time M-F-L-M-V-P, Aaron Rogers.


But he's also open to playing with several other teams. Yeah. The New Orleans Saints, Derek Carr, the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Baltimore Ravens, the Buffalo Bills, the Dallas Cowboys, the San Francisco 49 9 ERs are among the teams that have entered, that have inquired about the six time pro bowler are are places Adams would be obviously he loved to be in the Bay. He's from the area. Yeah. So he'd love to be back out there. Where does, where do you think Devonte ends up? I Mean, listen, the only thing, the two things that makes sense for one, the Cowboys don't have the money. They, they don't have the cast face. What makes the most sense is playing with Derek Car out with the Saints. And what probably is going to happen is him playing with Aaron Rodgers in New York.


He's familiar with the offense, he's familiar with the quarterback, he's familiar with the offensive coordinator. So it's a just, you go there and you plug in and you play right now because he, he knows the offense. Aaron knows him and it take them who knows how long just to develop that chemistry that they've already had throughout the years. And to be, it makes the most sense, especially offensive perspective. Offensive perspective. If you watch the Jet against the Broncos with them really having no arsenal weapons outside of Gary Wilson to throw, to think about what you do. If you add Davante Adams and give him his old weapon back then you have Gary Wilson. It takes some of the pressure off of him. Now I want Gary Wilson. Now you don't get to keep Gary Wilson. I want Gary Wilson. I'm he going. You're gonna have to ship him to the Raiders. Oh No.


Oh no, you Can't do that. Okay. Oh no, you can't get it. Oh no. Oh No. You can't do that. Okay. Listen with a just can do. Oh, the Raiders. Oh, you have a problem. Okay. We get Hassan Reddick now you got Mack Crosby, you got Hassan Reddick. You don't turn that down. He ain't got no money. We ain't got no money. He want a new contract. He said he wanna go back to Philly. I, I don't know what they gonna do, but they gonna make it happen. I think it's gonna happen before, what's tomorrow's Friday, right? Yeah. When is the trade deadline? The trade Deadline I think is in November. I think they pushed it back. Yeah. But see they don't, they this it, they don't need to waste no time. And I don't, I don't think knowing Mark Davis and knowing Antonio Pierce, Antonio Pierce gonna stand on business. Antonio got time man.


Yeah. You know, if you understand who he is, the type of man he is outside of coaching, oh, I ain't got time for this. This is becoming not, I don't wanna use the word distraction, I'm, I'm not gonna use that word, but he just wanted to get things expedited as fast as possible. So everybody, so both sides are happy. So I, I wanna see Dam Monte Adams on the field and I would love to see the him bay this uniform or is it even room for him over in New Orleans anyway where Chris ve rash Shahi is already there. I'm not sure who the number three might be, but for him, I think the better fit from an offensive perspective is being with Aaron Rogers. And, and then from a productive standpoint, being able to put up the numbers you're used to putting up will also be there if he goes with Aaron as well.


Yeah. For whatever reason here, Garrett Wilson, Aaron and Garrett Wilson hadn't been able to get on the same page. We saw them on the sidelines doing training camp, having discussions about Yeah. Yeah. Where Aaron wanted to be, Gary Wilson, where he was, where he want, where he thought the ball should be. So they haven't quite got on the same page Yeah. As of yet. That's years. Normally it takes years, yeah. For a quarterback and a wide receiver to develop that chemistry where they tell to they understand each other without saying a word. Right. It's just a look, I know where the ball's gonna be. I where I need to be. I know where he's going to be. Yeah. He knows where the ball's gonna be.


Things like that. It takes time. Yeah. That takes, that is and no, it's, yeah. And you can work on it in mini camp and you try to strengthen that in training camp and then hopefully in preseason, but ain't do none of those things. Yeah. Right. You didn't have, you didn't, you didn't have the mini cap because the, the last mini cap, I don't think Aaron came in training camp. They was, they was trying to work through it. But then in camp, normally Ocho, when we have a problem in practice, we get an opportunity to work on it in the preseason game. Yeah. But now don't nobody paying the preseason. Nobody, Nobody To work on. Yeah. Yeah. It's different. It's different. So Hopefully Devonte, I, I like Devonte a lot. Hopefully he gets this situation resolved.


He gets, so he gets to go somewhere. He probably like damn, probably should have stayed in Green Bay Joe Love. Oh. But yeah, but no, it's, it is a young man's game now. It's a young man game and, and, and ob obviously he made the right decision to go play with Derek Guitar, the right decision to go play with Derek Car, obviously his, his, his college teammate from Fresno State and just so happened, listen, they decided to ship Derek Carr off to New Orleans. So Jeremy Fowler, VSPN posted a long article about Stefan Dig and Buffalo Bill's divorce. Why did keep doing this? This divorce did not come outta nowhere. Tremendous player. Team source said, but the offense didn't need him anymore. He's super smart. Oh, didn't And. if you sugarcoat it with him and you're not a hundred percent, he'll see through it.


And the source said Diggs approach and he remembers everything you say. You always have to worry about how he feels as a a build team. Sort said that words on the locker room, coaches and scouts on Minnesota staff during digs tenure, they're often referred to Digs experience as a rollercoaster on the field, on on field brilliance and off the field irritability. That can elicit discomfort within the football building. It can be a lot. He might throw a helmet he'll wear on your quarterback. But find me a premier receiver that is not a diva. Listen Ocho listen. You played the position. I a question you great at the position. Go ahead. We in week five, Stefan Diggs now plays for the Houston Texas.


For the Houston, Texas. Why does his name continue to come up with Mr. Fowler or anybody else That's a part of the Bills organization. Now you talk about you didn't need to Stefan Diggs. Right. Please tell me how they look when they played against the Ravens. Please tell me when Josh Allen couldn't put a Superman cape on and need a viable threat to go to when you're playing against a really good defense that might be top three in the NFL right. Now. I might add, who did he have he can go to and say, you know what, I need you to get open right now. Come hella high water. I can't scheme you open. I can't, I can't, I can't help you get open. I can't put you in. Most I want line you up is third and five. I need you to win for me right now.


I don't wanna play Superman. I just need you to go and get it out the mud, off the muscle. What happens when you don't have that? Yeah. You can only scheme people open so long. This is no disrespect to the Bills receivers of what they have. I like what they have right now. I like it. I especially Keon Coleman, he's a rookie, but he's not, he's not there yet. Right. He's not there yet. I like what they have, but still, Stefan Diggs is a top premier receiver. No matter what people may say, no matter what people may think, look at the numbers that him and Josh Allen put up together in the, in his tenure there the first four years. Look at the numbers they put up. It's not a mistake. Of course he gonna be upset when he doesn't get the ball. He knew what the first thing they do to you when you don't have the statue, you don't have the numbers to go with the, the salary that you're making.


That's the first thing they use against you. Well, if you look at your numbers, you're not putting up the same type of numbers. Now we think it's, we think it's time for you to take a pay cut. That's what we think. You know, so they use all this Man, listen man, Stefan Digs is going to the Houston Texans. That's it. Stop bringing him up. I, I don't, He going, he's already there. Why? To continue to do so. He's already there. I just took a different approach, Ocho, but you could talk to me about, I was like, Hey, oh, talk to me. I was like, hey, take, I think the thing is, is like what what bothered me Yeah. Is that they hadn't come to me early in the game. Right. It's the third quarter. Fourth quarter. And they ask her, Hey, what you like, no, don't ask me now.


No, I remember how y'all say y'all was gonna spread it around this week. Yeah. He spread it around. Yeah. I'm good. Right, right, right. Because I'm gonna walk upstairs and I'm gonna knock on Alex's door on Monday and I'm gonna get that check. Right. Don't ask me. Right. You said let y'all do your job. I'm gonna let y'all do your job. Yes sir. Because if I do, if I do your job, y'all don't pay me for this. I'm gonna make the same, I'm gonna make the same amount of money Ocho whether you throw me 12 balls or you throw me one right now, the likelihood of us winning when you throw me 12 greatly increases our chance. Thank You. Come on now. Take your time. But I'm not Finn, I'm not Finn, I'm not Finn I ain't, I I'm not finna be mad. I ain't throwing no helmet. I ain't tearing nothing.


That's the same thing I said. The only time John really got mad at me is that when I needed five yards to get a thousand back then receiver tight ends didn't get a thousand yards easy. Right. I had one, I had, I had 9 95 at the Hal. Right. I had six catches for a buck 15 buck 16, Two touchdowns. Right. We are 14 points. We lose the game in over overtime. I ain't catch another pass. Oh. He said, why? I said, bro, I ain't, I ain't never come to you and tell you say no, that's your job. So no, I'm not, I'm not fitting to be because I understand, I understand how it works and I tell people this all the time.


Yeah. No matter, and it, it, it's applicable because for the most part, Ocho I had, you know, manual labor jobs when I was growing up and they gonna need people, they gonna need people to, to pick up the pecans or clip the onions, load tomatoes, the bell, the hay. Right. Hey, whatever they, they need that. But when you work these people jobs and there are other people out there that want those jobs. Right. They gonna tolerate you until they can replace you. Yeah. Always, always, always. Now and and, and like you said, now you can speed up that process. You can speed up that process. Yeah. Because you and I both know to, should have been a one helmet or two helmet guy.


Yeah. That's it. That's how great he was. Yeah. Same thing. The same thing with Randy. He should have been a one or two hell guy. Yes sir. That's how great they were. And as great as they were, what happened ocho Yeah. They they tolerated you. They they tolerate you enough. Yes. So they good. And, and the funny thing about it. Even though you can't replace 'em, even still, they, no, you can't replicate what they've been able to do from a production standpoint. But I understand what you're talking about as far as the business goes. I understand what you're talking about. Just Ocho it's just like, it's just like a relationship. Yeah. You might, you might be, and I'm not just talking about women, I'm talking about men. Right. It might be a woman, she can do everything.


Mm. But treat you a certain way. So even though she can cook, right, she take care of the house. Come on now. She do everything that you might need, but she becomes a headache. It becomes, the problem is the nagging. Right. She doesn't give you the peace. And as soon as you find somebody give you, and it might, and it, they might not ever be able to do totally what she can do. Right. You let it go. It might be a man, he pay all the bills, he do everything. He's like, you know what, I'm up outta here. Ooh. And she gone. She gone. Now I Teams, I don't, I don't Know, I don't know about that scenario right there, woman leaving a man that's paying all the bills and going to somebody else.


That ain't hell. I don't know about that one. I tell you what, she'll do something behind his back until he find out and then he'll get rid of him. Well, that, that, that is, that, that, that is true. So they, they will, they will, they will play that. That's, that's, yeah. They'll give you a reason. Yeah. To get up out of there. Come on now. So as a, as a, as a team, You heard of, I'm preaching tonight. So as a team, right. A team will say, you know what, yes. We're not gonna find anybody to give us those numbers. Right. But I'm not finna deal with this no more. Right.


I'm not dealing with this anymore. I'm not finna keep begging you to, to act a certain way. I'm not gonna ask you to keep doing this. We done. Hey, And then, because here's the thing, Ocho, if you have a great, let's, let's just say T should have been able to get two or three more years just based on what he had done. It is freak previous 12, 13 years. Just that alone should lie and say, you know what, Hey, you know what to, we can't pay you the money what you normally get, but here you go bro. We need you to be the third receiver. We gonna shoot you three, four, $5 million a year. Yeah. Same thing with ab man.


Look how talented AB was. Yeah. There ain't no reason AB shouldn't be in the league. Yeah. None whatsoever. But you see what happened in Pittsburgh and you see what happened in Oakland. But I think the fans did. Oh, did ab a disservice because when he was posting everything and they was like, ab Yeah, you right. Ab you right ab ooh ab let ab free let a bro stop this man. Y'all see the man being destructive to himself. Why would y'all, why would y'all egg that behavior on Tom threw him a lifeline. I guarantee you they ain't 10 guys. They got feet better than AB right now in the NFL.


Hold on. It ain't no AB in the NFL right now at all. And that's no disrespect to the talent that's there right now. That's no disrespect to the top five right now. Ain't, and guess what? There ain't no Antonio Brown out there now. It's different now. And there ain't no ab out there. He the guy himself. Yeah. Yeah. When he should still should have been there. Yeah. So he just goes to show you. It's just like another job. You know what? He ain't as productive as he once was, but he good in the locker room. Mm. Think about it. A lot of times you see coaches, they'll go somewhere and they'll take a couple of guys from the team they were on just because Right.


I know when I left, if I needed a job, I ain't gonna get a job right now. I ain't gonna get a job with Kyle Shanahan staff. I bet I can get a job with Mike McDaniel staff. I can get a job at Sean mc Bay staff. You know why? Because Kyle Shanahan and Mike Shanahan will go vouch for me. Yeah. Well shoot, I can give me, I can give, I can give me a job. I can get me a Job. I don't want, listen, I ain't calling nobody. I don't wanna be no damn coach. I listen, I I don't wanna coach either, either. I don't want, listen, I, I think it takes what You wanna do It, it takes too, it takes too much time to me, I think to see the real money I'm talking about. I'm talking about the real money. Huh? You hear me? Stay with me now to see the real money as a coach because coaching is so fickle. You got three years.


If your ass ain't winning, you gotta go. And I ain't moving everybody. I ain't moving nobody. I ain't moving everybody up to another state. And, we, we, we, we get fired and I gotta tell real, okay, you and all the kids now we gotta go, we gotta pack up. I I I can't do that. The money ain't. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm good right here. Coaching in the military, coaching military and Pentecostal ministers Pentecostal. Don't nobody move more. Yeah, they move. What's That? A Pentecostal minister. Minister. Yeah. Yeah. They they be moving all the time with you. Like every seven years. They gotta get up outta there. You ain't up been to a Pentecostal church where they had em 10 revivals for Who? A tent revival. Fuck No. Oh my bad. Nah. Lord have mercy. I go to the Baptist church, you know tambourines.


Oh my lord. Lord man. Yeah, man. Yeah. I Don't, But you know military families, they move every, so guess what you have. Oh. Oh, that's my good friend. That's my good friend. Next thing you know he gone. They gotta go. They, Hey military, you gotta go somewhere else, right? You might, Hey, you might be at Fort Carson. Fort Dix. Fort Benning. This one and that one. Hey, you a Fort Stewart. You all over the place. How Long, how long do you normally stay if you are in the mil? Well, baby, how long you normally stay? Somewhere when you are in the military by a good, a good three years. If you at Fort Liberty, you stuck there because it's airborne. She said everywhere is probably a minimum of three years. But if you at Fort Liberty, you kind of stuck there because you airborne. Yeah.


Oh. She said you gotta re-enlisted, get up outta Fort Liberty. I don't, so I don't even know what this, this terminology means. I'm just regurgitating what she telling me. Yeah. So that's the thing though, Ocho so in a situation like that, yeah. Hey, you up And so, yeah, I just think, you know, look, it's over with. Ain't no sense in y'all trying to bad mouth the man. Now he's gone. We know there are some problems. We saw the rumblings on the sideline. We saw the cryptics. You know, you try not to read And if you try not to read too much into it, Ocho. Right. But when somebody keeps, it's just like OCHO is just amount of time when a woman keeps tweeting cryptically. Yeah.


There's something behind that now. Yeah. Hey there. So Hey. Hey you. Hey, now you can Oh, back. What? That what I, I ain't see it coming. You didn't? Yeah. Hell Steven saw it coming. Oh. So them tweet them tweets was about me. Them little cryptic tweets you be you posting some time. I done seen some cryptic tweets. I'm not talking about crypt walking. I'm talking about them cryptic tweets like I'm just, they spoke about Na na NA's kind of coming back to me and resonating because sometimes you be tweeting stuff And we beefing. And I'm like, well where this coming from? I be seeing from my burn account what had me then shit,


The holidays are here. And The Home Depot has everything you need to stay connected with smart home upgrades. Whether you're keeping an eye out for the big guy, ho, Ho, Ho, or keeping an eye on your family. The Home Depot has you covered with great tech like the Ring Indoor camera two pack with advanced motion detection. two-Way talk and Color Night Vision. Plus get your smart home devices the smart way with free delivery. Get holiday ready with seasonal savings happening now at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home Depot dot com slash delivery for details


We all know. Just because gifts for loved ones can look like flowers a spa day or maybe even planning date night. But what about something that will truly last and protect your loved ones along the way? I'm talking about life insurance. I called Select quote to secure our coverage and couldn't believe how easy and affordable it was. I'm 40 and my $500,000 policy was only $16 a month. My husband's also 40 and his $500,000 policy was only $18 a month. And with their same day coverage, there was no medical exam required. And, we were covered by the time we hung up with monthly payments, less than the cost of a bouquet of flowers. This is the perfect time to make sure your family is protected. For your free quote, go to select quote.com. Select quote.com. That's select quote.com. It's never too late. To secure affordable coverage through select quote, show your loved ones, they're your top priority by protecting their future. Go to select quote.com to get your free quote today. Details on example rate@selectquote.com.


Lucky Lands slots. Asking people, what's the weirdest place you've gotten lucky. Lucky in line at the deli, I guess. Aha. In my dentist's office more than once actually. Do I Have to say Yes you do. In the car before my kids' PTA meeting. Really? Yes. Excuse me. What's the weirdest place you've gotten? Lucky I Never win and tell. Well, there you have it. You could get lucky anywhere. playing@luckylandslots.com. Play for free right now. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. V GW Group. Avoid web Prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions supply.


Hey, it's Jody Sweeten and Andrea Barber from How Rude Ritos thanks to Hyundai. We recently took an epic road trip to this year's iHeartRadio music festival in Vegas. We got to explore a couple of weird and interesting spots along the way and even recorded a special episode in the car for you guys. So take a listen.


Oh, maybe I kissed you. Oh yeah, we kissed. We kissed Season one. Yep. That was a great moment. Yeah, I gotta say, There you go. It's so weird 'cause like I've known you so long, it was comfortable. Question five is from Elena. Okay. Did you guys ever have a crush on any guest stars who appeared on the show? Come on, give us some juice. Tommy Paige. Oh, really? Randomly. It was really your crush. Well, I didn this randomly. No, you know what? It wasn't my crush. It was like, I think I was, whatever. It was like the last season, right? Yeah. Well, yeah, I think so. So I think I Was like 13. I was like, oh, he's cute. I dunno. I just thought he was like cute. You know, it was the, the waiter at Sizzler had my attention, you know, I didn't, I didn't, didn't take much, you know.


Oh, I have to answer the question too. Okay. Guest stars that I had a, you know, I was so obsessed with New Kids on the Block. This episode is presented by Hyundai.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man City, Royal Madrid, Barcelona. Enter an AC Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, NTUs by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament is champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win days because nobody watches UA for Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champions League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Jamar Chase was asked about Baltimore's new backfield duo, Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry Ocho. Let's take a listen of what Jamar had to say. Let's go Chase. Honestly, bro, that's cop bro. Like that's cop's. That's, that's, that's cheating. If I'm playing Madden, that RPO Reed with them too. But it's pretty copying, you know what I'm saying? On the game and real life, you know, they still doing the same thing. So, you know what I'm saying? It's a great duo they have back there. Hell no. I I I go myself man. Is Lamar and Derrick Henry the scariest duo in the NFL? Yeah. It's, it's cheating. It's cheating. I mean, just honestly from a, from a offense perspective.


Unless you have the personnel and, and, and the front line and the, the, the second level to be able to deal with that and players that are, that are, that are sound and discipline with gap responsibility and understand where they know need, where they need to be and their fits and and good with their hands. And at the point of attack that you know, if you are sound and disciplined defensively, then you really don't mind having to play against Lamar, Jackson and Derrick, God damn Henry. But the duo itself in general and what is known as a, a passing league now. It's scary. But what happens when you stack nine mother nine in the box though? Huh? When what happens when you have a frontline?


That's stout. That's stout where ain't nobody moving. It's a different ball game. It is. Is the Is a different ball game Game. But you gotta be perfect every time. Yeah. 'cause the one time you try to cheat. Yeah. Now Lamar comes out the Backside. Yeah. That's why I said this, the one, that's why I said you got The one time, the one the one time. You don't get to where you're supposed to be. Right. That crease Derrick Henry hits his head on the goal post from 87. Yeah. Like he did last week. That we, we going see It. That's what I, I don't know when that game is gonna happen. Listen, right now, if I'm not mistaken, I think the, I think the Bengals maybe 27th against the pass. Maybe 30th against the Rush. I'm not sure. Even though the stats look like that defensive for them, the normally the games against the Ravens, they're close sometimes obviously think Lamar Jackson's four one.


Yeah. Four on one against when him and Joe Bo have gone head to head one of really three in one. 'cause one of those games Joe went out. So where Browning had to come in and take over. I'm hoping the game is good. I'm hoping close. I hope the defense shows up a little better because this is a, a division game. I'm thinking it, it can be a be a little better despite, you know, the, the records and, and the way you've been playing defensively. I I I, I don't know. But you're gonna, you're gonna see a game, you're gonna see a team that the Ravens are gonna play. It's probably not gonna be a division opponent. It might be the, it might be the, might be the Steelers, it might be the Browns. Well all that running and all that RPO it just ain't working because them boys coming down here.


Yeah. Them boys coming Down here. The general ruler though, O Joe, I got 'em. Stop the run because if I can't stop the run now, I can't stop The play at. Yeah. Yeah. I can't let you be, I gotta stop something. Yeah. Damn. I mean Ocho the thing is I'm trying to stop you from robbing my house. Right. I either gotta close the window or shut the door. What? I can't leave them both open. O Joe. I'm inviting somebody to come in my, Hey, That's a good one. Oh that's a good one. So I've got to stop. I've got to stop the run. Or if I don't stop the run, I can't stop the pass because they're gonna play actually me the damn. Yeah.


And you, I don't care. There's a reason why teams are gone to that two shell. Yeah. Because they say we gonna make you run the football. 'cause the only really, the only way you gonna make us come up out of it is to run us up out of it. And there are very few teams that have the running back. Yep. To run you out cover two. Right. Baltimore has a, a guy that can run your ass outta cover Two right up, right up outta of listen, if you didn't So down, If, if you don't catch him going east and west and you let that, you let that joker go north and south, man shoot. But I'm gonna pray for you. I'm gonna pray for you That that's why you see what they done now they've got his heels at eight yards. They either toss it to him or they handed to It and to him straight down let It, because he's a long strider.


So you put in four yards. No, let him open up. Yeah, let him, when he get to the line of scripts, that's eight yards. So, okay. Now, so now when he hit a hole, you know, first of all, if you don't, if you don't make him change his direct, make him change his feet. Right. So you just let him go just like this here and you don't make him check his feet. We call it check his feet. Yeah. Just like the same thing we do with a return. If you don't make him check his feet, you just let him hit it on a dead run shit. Okay. Okay. I don't want no part what Happened Then you go to the, did you go, you take your helmet off you go the Okay, what happened? Did you, did you get on? Did you get on? Nah, nah. What happened?


He hit his head on the gold pole. I can't imagine playing corner and that guard pulling and they have that toss with Derrick Henry and you the, and you the corner out there and the guard coming and you and you suppo, you can't cut the guard no more. So you gotta take the guard on and do whatever you can. And man, listen man, I don't want no part of that. I don't, I don't. No Hell no. You talking about making a business decision. Shh. Boy you can have that. Yeah because you ain't, you ain't really, and they looking to punish somebody. Yeah. Now all of a sudden they don't have to go up against Simons or Chris Jones or formerly or Aaron Donald. They get 190 pound or 200 pound db.


Yep. Bro, they trying to, they hey I ain't gonna even lie to you boy. They trying to flapjack you. They trying to run you smooth over. Hey, hey they trying to make roll kill outta you. They gonna do something bad to you. Yep. They, they coming out there with bad intentions. They trying to put that, they trying to put that helmet on you Every Tell you you like damn, hey somebody get this man, get it. Hey I will get in the way. I would, hey I would dodge over here and make him go over there and make him go over there. I ain't really trying to take him on now. Come on Man. Rasheed Rice is going on Ar I ar ir. Patrick Mahome said today, he didn't initially know. Well he was the, the one who accidentally collided with Rashe Rice's knee.


Then he saw the replay on SoFi Stadium video board. When I saw the replay I felt like ish that I hit Rashe. I really wasn't worried about myself. I was worried about the injury and hopefully that it wasn't as bad as it looked. I was the one that hit him. I didn't notice it in the moment. I was more worried about trying to get the ball. Obviously he's just trying to make a play and it happens whenever you're trying to make tackles does bro. Yeah that was that. First of all he a quarterback. Yeah. What the hell you thinking he ain't used to Patrick Mahomes probably ain't never tackle Patrick Mahomes probably ain't played defense since he was what, eight years old, nine years old? Yeah, probably 10 Probably Because we all played it And, we all played both ways when we had, you know, Peewee Pop Warn or whatever they call it Ocho, we all played both ways.


But Patrick Maha Mahomes hadn't tackled someone try to, you know, obviously throw inter intercept. You try to tackle it. Yeah. But that's what you try to do. You try to take your knees out. You right. And when you try to take the knees out and you're not looking what you see son, you gotta see what you hear. Well he ain't no, he ain't no defensive player. He ain't trying to see what he's here. I mean he just tried to protect himself And that that, and make the play in that situation. He's coming from one way where she rices was coming from behind. There, there, there was, there was no way. Yeah. There, there, there was no way. It just, it's just, And the thing was like you said Patrick Mahomes, rashe Rice. Patrick goes low. Rashe Rice is coming this way. Yeah his, he his shoulder hit the knee back. Ah Hyperextended boom.


Ugh Because Rasheed Rice is coming. I don't want you to score. Patrick Mahomes is coming. Yeah. I don't want you to score two. Boom boom man. And it's called Friendly fire. You, it just happened. I'm trying, you know, you trying to block, I'm trying to get a block. Right and you can get guys ready to run it back. Run up your back. That's when I get mad at them. I say, all right I gonna block for your ass no more. You running my back now. And It's if it get hurt, hey that don't hurt me trying to help you. You think about it's friendly fire too. Friendly fire. Yeah. So hold on. They didn't bring nobody in. So Rasheed Rice and Hollywood Brown out? Yes. Who, who's stepping up? Sky Moore? Yeah, sky Moore.


Remember we just had the conversation about Brett Veach about they threw Sky Moore ball on Sunday. Yeah. And Brett, ve Brett Beach slammed his fist on the table. Yeah. Hold on. They still don't got no choice but use him now. They ain't got no choice but yes, sky Moore, we got Miko, Hardman, Travis Kelsey. Okay. Worthy, Xavier Worthy. Oh okay. We got, we got X man. We got X man. Okay. Okay. But they've, and they got Watson, Justin, Justin Watson, I think that's his name. They've been relying on the tight end Noah Gray number 83. Oh yeah? Yeah. He, he been catching some balls. He been, Yeah. Yeah. Normally he's kind of like their like blocking guy kinda little utility guy. But they've been throwing him a lot of balls lately. Ocho Rasheed Rice's mom is accused of stealing a package that was on the front of an apartment door.


She was caught on camera and did it while wearing Mama Rice jersey Ocho. Really? Wait you for real? Yes. I need to know the backstory. Ocho just don't, I just don't think, I just don't think she really taking somebody package. Or maybe somebody might have did something That'll be like Ra got on the 85 jersey saying Miss Ocho and she snatching somebody package from other they people. I need to know the backstory. The backstory is a chance OCHO girl Miss Ocho swiped somebody package the ring camera got her and she got his jersey on ocho.


Yeah I think they, they, I think they probably took a package because think about it. We talking about Rasheed Rice Vaughn, we talking about an NFL player's mother who has nothing to worry about right now. You know, probably ever. Oh. So you wanna play with me? Okay. I'm finna take your package. I know, I know she know the ring camera right there. I know she see the ring camera. Okay. I don't think Ocho I don't think she saw it but that's, that's when you go to the police. Right. Right. You let them handle it. Right. Because now you put yourself in a, you put yourself in a situation. Right. I mean there are a lot of times like man damn I be wanting to nah just let it cus sometimes I do wish Right. I could go back to 3 19 88 mm when Sterling Sharp wasn't at the NFA.


Right. Right. And you get to do what you wanna do with with Yeah. You with no Consequences, no repercussion. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, like hey like, like pictures and follow people. Nah, I definitely like a pictures. Hey, hey all this crazy talk out here. Slide your number I get with you. We, we can see what's really going on. What we can see, what's really going on. Yeah. All that other stuff that I'm talking about. Damn. Like it's a picture. I don't care anybody look like it. No damn picture that ain't got nothing. That ain't got nothing to do with where I have now. Right. That's got to do with other people. Right. And then the fact of the matter is it should be a situation where you like the picture only of the person that that has the account could see that you like the bitch. Right. Instead of everybody else.


That's part Yeah. Everybody else that be in your bitch because a lot of people just go, Ooh ooh, Ocho liked the picture. Right. Oh, liked the picture. This person liked the picture. Right. Oh you know what that means, what that means You Okay, well And why you like a guy, work guy work it out. Why you like the guy working out picture? I mean I work out just 'cause you don't work out. I learn. Okay. I like that. Right. I like it the way you do it at that time. Un attention. I like the the 1, 2, 3 down, the 1, 2, 3 up. Right. The hold at the top, the hold at the bottom. I damn. Okay. I see the growth. I see it the full stretch at the top. Yeah. You see me? I see the Yeah, but it's, it's, it's, it's done. Got now Ocho everything that you do or say gets critiqued.


Yeah. Yeah. This and and, and I just can't. I just can't. I remember I was talking, I was talking to my homeboy, I was talking to Bug that day. I said man, I'm done with this. I said all this stuff and poss bro I'm gonna talk. I said I'm gonna talk. Right. Because people that understand that's my age. We ain't got time for the playing them game. Pause falls, balls shut up. When we talking about hit the hole, we talking about the a gap. We talking about, hey, oh they ran the ball down. His throat falls up man, get outta here with that. That's your problem. Everybody's saying Paw ain't y'all grown? Yeah. And y'all wanna play kids game ocho check it. Speaking of stuff.


Yeah. Ocho I gotta, I gotta address something that's been happening behind the scenes for over years. Oh shit. Scammers. What Happened? Scammers have been posing as talent bookers for Club Shehe sending emails to lesser known artists, influencers and actors. The scammer often sizes email Daniel Joseph the, the schedule, the scheduled Zoom calls with guest prospects but never turns on the camera. They offer $3,000 in compensation for the guest appearance once they get your route. So they ask, you said, okay, we wanna send you the $3,000. Right. Can you give us your banking information? They turn, they give them their banking information. So instead of sending the money, they take money.


They didn't Give the money. OCHO froze again. So guys, I'm right here. I ain't free. Please do not give strangers your banking information. Club Shehe. We unfortunately we do not pay guests to come on our platform. We do not. I repeat on club. Oh, can you see me? Oh, okay. He talking about it was me. I it wasn't me. I I knew it wasn't me. Yeah. Huh. That was attribute Hey there. This Hey Chad.


Yeah Chad. Y'all good? I'm gonna be right back. Give us a minute baby. Yeah, We, I'm and what happened O Joe is that unfortunately we do not pay guests Right. To come, come on Club Sheha, we would never ask for your information. So please that is not us. That is no member of Club Sheha that's reaching out asking you for your banking information. We do not pay guests to come on Club Sheha. Yeah. So guys, please be careful. Normally most of the guests that come on, we do have bookers. We do, I have two. I a lot of times will DM the person myself Hmm.


From my account. That's a lot of times how it works. But over the last, and this guy has like 11 different accounts. Right. And we've turned it over to Google, we've turned it over to the FBI. Right? And so we're doing everything that we possibly can not only to protect ourselves but to protect our, my, my fans that watch and listen to Club Shehe. So God, what's up Ra? Hey, how you doing? I I I got a question. So Go Ahead. I mean, as, as a former scammer myself, you know, how are people even falling for this unc because at some point they would need to talk to somebody that they're used to hearing or, or a name that they're used to Ash somebody that, somebody that you work with.


How, how can they not even before sending their bank information actually find out if it's legit and right. How are you getting scammed in 2024? Let's start there. How are you having a, a Zoom call or FaceTime call? The thing is with nobody visible, like what are we doing right in 2024? 'cause I think the thing is OCHO look, the platform club shehe has become extremely large. Yes sir. And some of these people could really, could really use the platform to get the, the for reach right. Visibility. And so they're looking at it this as an opportunity.


It's kinda like the same rate. People get scammed in church, they get these insurance scams, they get these pyramid schemes because you know, pe some a lot because people really need it. They really need it. Yeah. But like, and people are taking advantage and people are taking advantage of that. So guys, I'm saying look, we do not pay guests to come on Club Shea. If somebody emails you And, we wouldn't email you directly. We would go through your representative. Hmm. Because I have one of the largest pro I'm with WME and so they know everybody. That's somebody, they're gonna be able to get in touch with your representative, right?


Or I'm gonna be able to reach out to you or I'm gonna reach, be able to reach out to somebody that you know. So we're not emailing you, we're not asking for any banking information. So guys, please, please be careful. Please be careful and do not turn over any banking information. So never ever, ever, ever, ever. Yeah. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion league match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land, you know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


State Farm and DJ dramas from life. As a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network,


CBS Thursday, October 17th. Hi again. TV's Quirky is Crime solver. I'm ELs be Tassone. I work with the Police. Is back and ready to go Toe to toe. Yes. With a cavalcade of guest stars, you have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed t look for anything out of the ordinary that sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all new CBS Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount. Plus


The iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast. And Hyundai's ev lineup was there for every moment in Vegas, Hyundai took VIPs to the Speedway to test drive the 601 horsepower. Ionic five n. On Friday, the EV sessions winner was announced. Hyundai's music contest on TikTok the Twist. Their performances were all powered by the all electric Hyundai Ionic five. How cool is that? And after the show, fans got to check out the Hyundai dance floor at House of Music. Thanks again to Hyundai's amazing ev lineup. Learn more@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3.