
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Did You get to see my live on whatnot? A few weeks ago? I sold 300 pairs of sneakers from my personal collection and all the proceeds are going to my alma mater Savannah State that's going to be donated at a later date and time. The best part of the night was someone purchased a pair of shoes off my feet. For those who don't know what whatnot is, a live stream shopping platform where you can buy and bid on items in just about every category you can think of for the sneakerhead whatnot, is celebrating the best sneakers of 2024 with two days of crazy deals and giveaways from hundreds of sellers. You don't wanna miss it. It's on December 5th and sixth on whatnot. Use my code, Shannon, 15 for $15 off your first purchase. Over $20.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us. Woo Detroit. 34, the Packers, 31 ocho. You had a feeling the way the game started up in the second half. Yeah, whoever had the football last, that was the team that was gonna win the football game and Detroit did it. They moved to 12 in one with a 34 31 victory over the Green Bay Packers. But a, you are not gonna wanna see Green Bay in Lambeau Field. Nah, that's, they're gonna be a problem. They're a really good football team. Detroit is just a better team. But this was a very good game. This was one of the most exciting Thursday night games that I can remember because back and forth we went. A lot of offense and I know people like to see offense at home, but the lions prevail.


34 31. Y'all knew who I am. I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, that guy. He's your favorite number 85, the Liberty City's on Route Runner extraordinaire, bingos, ring of Fame honoree, a pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell your family, friends, and loved one to always to also subscribe and hit the like button. Guys, make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. We thank you so much for your patronage. We thank you for your support, past and present and your continued support.


So thank you again very, very much. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays are upon us and we want to make sure you have a joyous holiday. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shaa by LA. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We'll get it right to your door. Please, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shea. Shea Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. I knew it's released, just dropped. We have new t-shirts and sweats. We've also released stocking stuffers such as beanies, cruises, and mugs. Quantities are limited so make sure you grab yours while supplies last OCHO before we get to the game.


Pre-sale tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. Our first tour stock go on sale tomorrow at noon. Yeah, and because we value each and every one of our loyal listeners and viewers, we're giving you the code first right now. OCHO tell the people at home what the code is For all the people in the chat. For all the people at home. The code for presale tickets for the NSFW tour is, y'all can see that. I know y'all can see that. Back it up a little bit. Let it focus right there It is.


And catch. You guys can't read that chicken scratch. He write like in third grade. It's NSFW. FSFW. So, alright Ocho, let's get right into the game. As I mentioned earlier, the Detroit Lions moved to 12 and 1 34 Green Bay Packers fall to nine and 4 31. So the Lions win 34 31 over division rival the Green Bay Packers. Yeah, the 11th straight win. Jerry Golf had another efficient game. He was 32 or 41, 2 83, 3 touchdowns, one in interception. He was sacked once. He's eight, he threw the ball to seven different receivers.


Six different receivers caught a pass. He was 32 completions, 283 yards, three touchdowns. Played very, very well. They didn't run the ball great tonight, but they ran the ball well enough because now play action is set up off of, of off the running game. Right? And you saw a lot of those cross crossing routes. A lot of the shake out out route throws because of play action is so good, right, because they can run it. And Green Bay had to honor that. OCHO guys were wide open, but I was very impressed with Green Bay 'cause they could have easily run and head, but give them credit. They came out, forced the turnover right away and even took the lead and they went back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. But the play of the game was when Detroit stopped them on, on from getting into the end zone.


And they only could tie, it'd been very interesting to see. I still believe that Detroit was gonna go down and get a touchdown even if they needed it because they matched the intensity. Once Green Bay took the lead, now they went down there and got touchdown, touchdown, touchdown. And they're going forward on fourth down and pick it up every time. But I like what I saw from the Detroit Lions. They've been very, very impressive. I think they're the best team in football right now. Followed closely by the Philadelphia Eagles. Ocho what did you like about what you saw from this ball game? Listen, Forget the ball game in general. I like what I, I like what I saw from Dan Campbell. I like what I saw from Dan Campbell. When you talk about having ka, when you talk about having tescals the size of a goddamn tyrannosaurus rex, that's Dan Campbell.


The fact that he changed the, the entire culture over there to a winning culture. And he believe when you have a coach like that UNC man that's willing to go forward on four down, you know what that's telling your players. I believe in Y'all. I believe in you. I be, I believe in you. So that energy, I mean to play for somebody like Dan Campbell, who's also, who's the player's coach, who also played in the NFL, has to be one of the greatest feelings for that organization and those players in general because stuff like that, it makes you want to run the wall for a person. It makes you wanna run through a wall for a coach like that who only, who coaches like that, not only does he, he doesn't play conservative.


No, he's playing ball. He, he's, he's playing balls to the wall regardless of scenario, regardless of circumstance. And it's dope. And I think that's one of the reasons why they are 12 and one. Yeah, he's all, he's constantly pedal to the, he's constantly putting pressure. Yeah. Not only does he put pressure on his offense, I mean on the opposing defense, he's putting pressure on his defense also. Yeah. Because sometimes situations you probably could give those guys the opposing team, the football at midfield or maybe even in your territory, but he just has that much confidence in his team. He said, offense, I have the utmost confidence in you that you're gonna get this. And if you don't defense, I have the utmost confidence that you're not gonna give up a touchdown and you're gonna hold it.


You're gonna, hey, hold him to, at worst case scenario, you're gonna give him three points or we're gonna get the football back with no damage done. Right. And so that, that sends a message. You are absolutely right Ocho that resonates with his ball club. And you hear the guys, the way they talk about Dan Campbell, they absolutely 1000% believe in him. He the def facto leader. And I love the fact, don't one voice, one sound, Hey, hey cowboy fans. Y'all would love to have that, wouldn't you? One voice, one sound, Mike Tomlin, one voice, one sound, Kansas City, one voice, one sound. Sound. That's what you do. That's the heartbeat. And you notice, you notice the difference of all the teams that you just named.


Yeah. They winning it. You notice what they able to do consistently year in, year out Win. All right. It ain't, it ain't rocket science. And the coach and the coach and the coach voice, the coach is the end all be all. But when you got people, you know you got people that wanna be all in your video, all you know, dancing and shine, trying to shine and trying to steal everybody else's thunder. This is what you get. This is exactly what you get. Hey, even yeah, Philly hear Sira, you might not like some of the things he say and you know, he might be getting into it with the fans. But you don't hear Hi Roseman, you don't hear Jeffrey Lurie. You, you, you go to Buffalo. You don't, you don't hear the ULAs talking.


No, you hit McGirt. That's it. That's it. And that's how it should be. One band, one sound. That's the way it should be. Jordan Love finished 12 or 20, only got 20 passes, 206 yards of touchdown to Tucker Krab. Josh Jacobs had a monster game. He didn't rush for a ton of yards O Joe. But he got the ball into the end zone three times. That's the one thing that he can do that he has a sense for getting the ball into the end zone. Yeah. He's gonna find a way to sliver his way. He'll power his way. 'cause he can run with power, he can run with finesse. He has great hands. He, he, yes, he's really good. But I was really impressed with the, the Packers. That was a short week. And you have to travel and both teams you're not doing, you're not doing, basically it's a whole lot of walkthroughs and a whole lot of film study.


Your body's not really fully recovered yet. And I'm surprised more people don't get injured Ocho because you have such a short week, you play on Sunday and then guess what? Monday, Tuesday you gotta travel Wednesday and then you playing normally. Hell, I didn't start to feel good once I got it. Like year seven, year eight. Hell, I ain't start feeling good you Friday. You know, the funny thing, I think about it too, and the fact that even on these short weeks, you know, from a 30 to a to a Sunday or a Sunday to a Thursday, I think about the fact that we, in week 13, we are in week 12, so the body should be adjusted and, and enough, enough wear and tear has been built Up to this point to where you should be able to adjust to it. Even though it's a short week. You, you ain't adjusting them licks.


Man, I be walking, I bet I be walking massages and and cold tub. But like, but, and the thing is Ocho is that, like you said, you're not out there running. Basically it's a lot of walkthroughs, it's a lot of film study. You are running plays that you're very, very comfortable with. You know what, you know, look, we're in the same division and these coaches have been in place for an extended period of time. We know what you do. You know what we do. Right? Okay, listen, who can ex out execute the other player, the other team by doing what we do. We believe we can do what we do better than what you can do. Right. That's what it come down to. They may, they got a turnover. One turnover, well two turnovers.


Detroit got one and Green Bay got one. Yeah, because Christian Watson, former the football and Detroit went ahead and, and took that in and then golfed through an interception and then the Packers go right down the field and score. But this was a very good game. Detroit's Detroit's really good man. Yeah, very. It's really good. But I'm still as good as they are. Ocho, after watching the Eagles. Yeah, Eagles right there. There ain't much separation between them and the Eagles. Yeah. And that's on both sides of the ball too. That's on both sides of the ball. Listen, the Lions got got Gibbs in Montgomery, but Saquon is able to, to do the exact same thing ain game.


Well I like game. Well Game game, game game well is nice too. And plus Ocho don't, lemme cut. Lemme say this right here. And, and Ja you got Jalen Hertz. Yeah. Yeah. See golf. Golf doesn't add anything to the running game. Like Hertz add to the Eagle's running game running. You have give, yeah, you have knuckled and sonics or whatever they call themselves, but that's where it stops because you get nothing out of the quarterback. Right. I think, I think you know what, from what they lack in quarterback playing from a dual quarterback standpoint with golf being a strictly a drop back passer, they make up for it. The wide receiver position though. Yes. They they, they make up for it. And that's not taking anything away from Devonte Smith and, and God, AJ Brown.


Yeah. But then, and then both, both defenses are really good. Now the second level for, for the Lions, the is a little off. It's a little, a little off the second. Too many Pass inter too many holding Mocho. Too many who, Too many pass Inter fear, too many holdings. Oh, carry, carry. They lead the league in bi. Carry on, Carry on, carry on, Carry on, Joseph. You know, come on bro. Yeah. They got, they got, they got, they gotta work on that. They, they have to learn to be patient. They gotta learn to be patient and use their eyes a little bit more. Keep yourself in position. You keep yourself in position to make a play. Trying to keep the receiver always either in front of you or staying on top of him. Right. Then you, you'll always be in a safe spot and be able to get your eyes around panicking.


Anytime you panic, first thing you do is you pull, you pull your tug. And I'm afraid what's gonna happen, Ocho I can see this happening. They gotta have to be careful because you're gonna get in a situation where it's late in the ball game and you're gonna do what you've always done, which is tug. And everybody gonna say you wait not to throw it when it's an obvious pi. I don't know what ar I don't know what Arnold doing it. I mean he gives at least one a game and sometimes they decline them for the simple fact the guy did make the catch. But he's gonna have to be, be, he's gonna have to be better in that area. But Detroit really, really good. Aria Smith has another sack. He's playing extremely well.


But I like what I see from Detroit. I like what I saw from Detroit. Now you get 10 days, you get some time off Ocho. You got Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Coach Campbell probably not gonna wanna see the guys until at least noon on Monday. You come in, get your run, get your lift in, you know, try to get some of that soreness out. I mean, hey, some people might go out of town, but I was gonna go in and get me a run in. I I'm not, I'm not going nowhere. I'm gonna go get my run in. Hey, Matter of fact, go ahead. Matter of fact, knowing, knowing Dan being that he's a player's coach and they're playing so well being 12 and one, he probably gonna let them boys go, yeah man, y'all get away from here. Get off your feet, get away from football, get away from football for a few days and when you come back, be ready to go.


Well damn. If they get, if they get Friday, Saturday, Sunday, that ain't enough time. I mean, I mean three days after 13 weeks. I mean, you know, you know, if They just had a buy. Yeah, but listen, Thanksgiving, listen, the real football doesn't start until after Thanksgiving. So right now to me they wanna know. But Hold on Ocho, they got a full week because they played on Thanksgiving. So they got a normal, it's a normal week for them. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. You right, you right, you right. So they, so guess what they got? So they got an opportunity ocho to have Friday, Saturday and Sunday off. Sunday off last week. Then they come Monday, Tuesday, travel Wednesday, boom. Right, right. They, they should be good now.


They, they probably was hurting to place Sunday. And then you got Thanksgiving Day. Now you got a whole week in between. But I'm sure Coach Campbell, I don't, I don't know what the strategy is. He might have, he might say, Hey, I'll see y'all Wednesday. Yeah, I'm pro. Hey, come in tomorrow. Get you a run, get you a lift, get some soreness out and I'll see you guys on Wednesday. I see you guys Wednesday morning, brighten early. Yeah, that could be, that could be the approach that he takes. But this was a very good game. Very interesting game. Two good two teams. Both teams in the same conference. 12 in one Minnesota, 10 and two, green Bay nine and four. But Green Bay, sneaky good. Well, they're not sneaky, they're just really good.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Dak defended, Mike McCarthy said, I wholeheartedly believe in him. Dak thinks McCarthy deserves another contract. He also said he would help McCarthy. McCarthy if it, if he had more influence on the team's development. But McCarthy said he's confused by Dak comments. According to Clarence Hill, the Cowboys, cowboys, coach McCartney said he had the most input he's ever had as head coach. Oh Lord, at Mercy Coach compared to Green Bay. He is not sure what Dak meant by needing him influence on his terms. We know Mike McCarthy does not have, don't have No power. He don't Have no thank you. He's the head coach and title only.


Listen, you are you just, you, you and that. And I, I understand that in a disrespect, a disrespectful way for those that understand the game of football, for those who know about when it comes to being the coach of the Dallas Cowboys o organization. But that's star helmet. There's one person that runs the show and it's not the head coach. And it's always, always been that way. You have no pull. And you know exactly what Dak meant by the words that he said. Yes. And I'm not, I'm taking Dak what he said with a grain of salt because guess what he said he wanted Scott Lenahan. He said he wanted Kelly Kelly Moore. He said he wanted Jason Garrett. He said he wanted this one and he wanted that one. So what's he supposed to say?


Nah, I want Mike mc, I want another head coach. I want another play caller. Of course he's gonna say all the right things. Yes. 'cause if you go back and check his track, track record ocho, he said the exact same thing about every offensive coordinator, about every head coach that he's had. Yeah. I mean, you have to, you have to. He has to be pc, he's a quarterback. He's the face of the franchise no matter what. So he has to say all the right things. It's not like he gonna come out and go against, you know, his, his head coach. I mean come on Mike. You, you, you know, No, and no, and, and no it shouldn't. But I'm saying for him to say, Mike, lemme ask you a question. Do you have any say on the final 53? Nope. Do you have any say in free agency? Do you have any say in the draft? Nope. So if that, if that's the case. So I'm just trying to figure out what do you mean?


You have some say. Wait, didn't he say he had more say, more control and more say than we, than he had in Green Bay? Yeah, I disagree. Maybe, maybe Ocho maybe at the end, maybe at the end. He didn't have the same amount of say. Right. But it's hard for me to believe throughout his entire tenure that he had more say in Dallas that, that he had in Green Bay. You know what that get right. That's What, that's what that get, you know, damn well, stop playing. Well see now by saying that, you know, you take some of the owners off Jerry. So we can't blame Jerry fully. So Jerry can say, oh, see, he went out there and said that he had some say, let's get his ass up outta here because we losing, You know what's funny Now those pieces of pride and Jerry come back and fire back in his own way, his own meticulous way because, you know, he can't, he can't stay from front of that goddamn camera.


Mike Florio believed the Bears should discuss a trade for Shanahan with the 49 ERs. The Bears are also expected to interview Pete Carroll. I don't believe they need a defensive coordinator as a head coach. I believe now, if Pete Carroll's gonna go get him a Cliff Kingsbury or get someone that that's good with this type of quarterback, this type of quarterback, I mean a Caleb Williams, okay, fine. But you better have someone that has offensive ingenuity that's forward thinking Creativity. Yes. Yes. Listen, I I I love, I love p Carroll.


I love p Carroll. But the idea of Shannon hand and his offensive prowess and his creativity and what he can do when it comes to quarterbacks and the creativity and taking some of the pressure off of Caleb Williams, where he, where he doesn't have to do so much. 'cause the offense does everything for you. Putting pe, putting the, putting pieces in the right places and allowing that team to function and flow offensively. And he got the pieces to do it. They do. Keenan Island, DJ Moore, you know. Yeah. You got Swift. I'm not saying the four nine ERs, but I'm just saying you do. And obviously the offensive line has some work that needs to be done there as well. But he has a great arsenal of weapons to work with. I'm just saying if the switch was to happen, I think it would improve that off that, that Chicago Bears offense tremendously.


Yeah. I see you on Spirit wifi tonight. Me? Yeah. I'm talking to you on your damn, who you think I'm talking to. Oh, okay. Listen, stay with me real quick. Stay with me now listen, the people from my wifi and my internet service, they won't be here tomorrow. So what I'm doing right now is chat. Y'all bear with me today. Just this, just one time. Just, just, just tonight. I'm, I'm using my hotspot from my phone to my laptop to do the show tonight. So just bear with me for any, any, any lags or lagging. I apologize. I'll be, I'll be back on business Saturday. Mm. Okay. I hope so. Yeah. Bad. My bad, my bad.


You know, Coach Belichick interviewed for c the University of North Carolina head coach in vacancy. He reportedly blew them away in the interview. I mean, I don't know why y'all surprised by that Coach Belichick seemed genuinely interested, interested in the job. Excuse me. At the age of 72, coach Belichick has no prior pre college experience. Ocho, do you like Coach Belichick going back? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. I want, at some point I would love for Coach Belichick to get the most wins as a head coach in the N NFL in past, and I can't get that done going to North Carolina.


I think going to college, it's, it's not a bad thing, but there's a disadvantage due to competition level being the, the, the, the playing field being, even because of NILI don't think Bill needs to get into that realm and that area where you're not really getting the players you need to, to have a winning season or actually to be, be able to compete at a high level. I would prefer Bill to stay with us at inside the NFL until the right job comes to his, how, how do I say it? Until the right to the right NFL job comes, you know, the right one where he can continue to, to, to win and strive to get into reaching that goal of being the most, the most winning CO and f head coach ever.


I think O Joe Coach Belichick, it had to be a huge crush to his ego. You're talking about a guy that won six Super Bowl. Yeah. And he ain't get none of the jobs. There was six or seven jobs that were available and he got none of them. Yeah, but He got none of them. Hey, can I ask you a question though? Yes. Think about this. Of those six or seven jobs that are available, which one would've been the best fit that can, where he can continue his reign of dominance? No, he ain't got no quarterback. I mean, you, you got a quarterback, but you ain't got Tom Brady. But at this point, Ojo, lemme ask you a question. You are the, you're the best receiver in football. That's me. That's me. You, You, you got, you got all the records. You done had six straight hundred catch seasons.


You had six straight seasons, at least 1300 yards, six straight seasons of 10 touchdowns. Oh, well that, Okay. They move on and you can't find one job. Yeah. Hey, can I tell you something? Yeah. It's become a young man's game. Not only has this become a young man's game, it's become a young coach's game as well. But Bill may speak for itself. It speaks volumes. Right. It's all about Bill being able to adapt to today, to today's players, to today's era. Oh, true. Can he change, can he change some of the things that he did during the old days?


Some of the old ways and try to try to revamp, like, you know, when I tell you you got these, sometimes you got evolve. You, you can't, you can't, you can't do the things you did back in the day and think it's gonna work in today's era. You know, the players, I I don I don't think baby Young kids don't give a damn about no resume ocho these kids don't care nothing about no resume. I know. I no, the kids don't. I'm just saying the organizations might, might, if he goes in and let and, and shows that he can adapt to the kids in today's era, that's all I'm saying. I couldn't be wrong. Yeah. Yeah. He can he adapt. It's hard ocho when you've been in your, it's hard when you've done something one way and had ultimate success doing it that way.


Now all of a sudden, I you mean to tell me to do a 180? Yeah. Who Ocho that's hard. And the kids today, Ocho there's not the same level of respect for coaching and authority that it once was what you and I grew up with. Right. And the way we see it gradually, gradually dissipating where the coach's authority and the coach's voice is not as powerful as it once was. Now it is in some locker rooms. But I remember 10, five years ago, 10, five years ago, yeah. Coach Belichick walked into a locker room with, with that resume. Yeah. Now everybody, the first day they gonna call into question, he ain't wanna know I going he ain't wanna know without Tom Brady.


Yeah. Yeah. I just, I just be what out with you. Right. But you know what I I, I see especially with the young players that, that looked up to, looked Up to him as a coach and and respect what he's done. I think he could walk into a locker room and it'd be instant respect. Even from the young, even from the young guns. Even from the young. I Disagree. You think So, Joe? You see now to get young guys are disrespectful to the veteran players. So you think they going Yeah, yeah. The, the respect that we used to have for, for authority. Yeah. Now forget, forget the resume just for authority. Even if it was somebody that wasn't related to us, but they were older than enough or they were in an authoritative position, Ocho we held them in respect.


Yeah. Yeah. I need the same now Ocho I, I I know what you mean, but listen, bill, bill is a different figure. He, he's a legend at this. You know, I think the players with respect. That's, that's a legend. This ain't just no. Any coach. Oh shit, I'm playing for god damn. Bill Belichick, the one who's won six bowls, who knows how to win. You know, I, I, I'm, that's, that's just how I see It. You talking about how you talk, That's how you thinking. Right. But you wasn't on your phone. You wasn't on your phone. Soon as the game was over to see what somebody said negative about ocho. So you could confront a receiver. I mean a, a reporter. That ain't what you did.


You wasn't on your thing trying to find out, well, who said something negative about me because I had an off game. That ain't what you did coach tell you one thing. You go do something else because hey, I know better than coach. It's gonna be very, very interesting. Very interesting to see because you and I both know, the longer you away from something, the harder it is to get back into it. Yeah. We just talked about the separation in a relationship. Okay. We start out at a week then two weeks to a month. Two months Than a year. Yeah. You know, once you get to a month, you know what that is. Do you know what that mean? Huh?


It don't mean nothing. Ocho Okay. I'm just saying month, six months. Now you getting six months. Now you not. Oh, Ocho, now you a it's the old saying now you crossing the Rubicon, that means you're reaching the point of no return. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I I've been, I've been there before. I I've been, yeah, I've been, I've been to the Rubicon back in 87. You? Yeah. Back in 87. I tell you, I tell you. No lie, I never forget her. You know, that's a story I could say for another day. But her name was, they called her Ruby. They called her Ruby, they called her Ruby Red. Her name was Ruby Red, you know? Yeah. She had red hair too. That's why we called the Ruby Red. Yeah. Yeah.


Man. And so it's gonna be, I, I hope Coach Belichick, I mean, I, look, I I I, there are some things, the way he did things wouldn't handle the media, but I think there, now I don't, you know, his, his, his coaching achman is not to be questioned. Yeah. He knows the game forward and backwards. Now for me, it probably would had I got drafted to Coach Belichick. See it's easy to get drafted somewhere Ocho and go there because that's all, you know. Yeah. Had I gone somewhere else and then had to play for Coach Reeves, it probably would've been a little different. Different. But he was hell from day. So that's all I knew. See if you raised in hell and all you've ever dealt with, with the devil, so you go to another devil, you cool.


Hell, I've been with the devil my whole life. Right, right, Right. But to go somewhere where you don't have to deal with the devil and now you gotta deal with it, now you got hell on your hand. F figuratively and literally. Yeah. But I hope Coach Belichick gives a chance. I think he deserves the opportunity. Well, I think with his resume and what he's done and how he's been, he's had some, some slip ups. But I think he's earned a right to at least get a one more chance to, to try to break that record. Absolutely. Absolutely. And if he, if he, if, if he gets it, Hey, I know, I know one thing I've already, I already put my, I put my word in. I put my word in.


If, if at any point you do get a job, you know he's gonna bring me on as an assistant. Okay. A lot of former players have chimed in on the al sheer of z al Sheer hit on Trevor Lawrence. Bill Romanowski, my former teammate said the hit was dirty, but I loved it. Sounds like Romo Joe Thomas says the NFL needs to ban weaponized quarterback slides. Tom Brady suggested NFL needs to change the rules to penalize late slide. Tom Brady says something very interesting. He said, they're putting it on us, on the defense.


Tom Brady is the wrong messenger because Tom, they had a rule chain. Does he not know the Brady rule was instituted to protect him. He I get it, I get what he's saying, Ocho, but he's the wrong messenger. Yeah. Because a lot of these rules that they was put in place to protect the quarterback he benefited from. Yeah. It's kinda like what we see with a lot of Hispanics when they talk about Yeah, deport, deport, deport when they got over here. We see, we know how they got over here. See, it's easy to say that expo facto what out there. Now I don't give a close it, don't let nobody else over. Tom Brady said, well hell, I ain't gotta take no more hits the quarterback. Right. Really bro. Yeah.


Really? Yeah. I mean, And I get everything that they said. Oh, your delay slide. Patrick Mahomes is notorious for that. Like, he'd go to slide and then he wiggle and finagle. No, that's wrong. Pun punish it because all my, listen to all my Ross Brown, he said that Caleb Williams had a habit of pretending like he's gonna go out of bounds. And, and they showed the clip. Dan Campbell say if he do, if he does this, y'all punish his ass. Yeah. And that's exactly what happened. That's why they didn't throw a flag because he won the official, he said he had a habit of doing this.


We gonna put, we gonna put helmets on his ass. Yeah. I might not stop him from doing it, but I break his ass to the habit. My grandma say, I might not stop you, but I'll break you the habit. Yeah. That's all I'm saying. Tom is the wrong messenger. When he benefited one of, he was one of the most beneficiaries off the rule change to protect the quarterback. Oh, choke. So how was he gonna say this now? Yeah, I I I think he's saying it because of, of the way the quarterbacks are taking advantage of the rule. He took advantage of it. Yeah. I mean, you know, he can't, he can't scramble. He can't run. He couldn't run. Now they, they, they took, he took advantage of it in the pocket.


Yes. So The onus at that point, it, it is on the defensive player. Why You put that hold on. He said the owners shouldn't be on the defensive player to protect the offensive player. That's what he's saying. So why is it on the, on when his ass is in the pocket? Yeah, that's a good one. But I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm Trying. Okay. I want to give a good answer. I'm, I'm trying to give you better context for those that are running quarterbacks that are doable threats that choose to take advantage of the situation that they know. Well, you know what? I can fake it. I can act like I'm gonna go out bounds and I'm gonna take it Up to field or I'm gonna take it up the sideline. So Shazer, I understand. I I understand that was a lace slide. That was a late slide. But the, I'm getting ready to say, Jerry, go. That was a late slide by Trevor.


No, you, you, you got, you gotta protect yourself. That wasn't A late slide Ocho. You do realize how tall Trevor Lords that late. That's no, That was late Ocho ocho It wasn't a late slide. But when you six five, you make it seem like he Kyle Murray. Damn, that's a lot of man to get down into a sliding position. How many times you see Aaron, how many times you see Aaron Judge steal a base? Do you know how hard it is for him to get his ass down and slide? Unless they ain't got nobody in that position? Like they got a shift on or something. Yeah. Yeah. But That's what, but here's the thing.


It's just like a quarterback when they fake spike it and then throw the ball. What about that Ocho? Should you be allowed to do that? I ain't really seen that since Marino against the Jess. They'll do it. They still do it. I think the quarterbacks are afraid. Now, I, I Ain't, I ain't seen it. I I ain't seen it in A minute. I think, I think, I think that only a handful of quarterbacks have done, have done that since, since Danny. But, and they put, and the Jags to finish up Ocho The Jags placed Trevor Lawrence on Injury reserve yesterday, likely ending his season. I think he's gonna have surgery, but he was dealing with something before, before this. Okay. Ac he's had a, he had shoulder issues before that ocho.


But all I'm saying is this, I, I understand what Tom is saying, but as a quarterback that's benefited from it. You can't say Ocho, you can't say change the tax code when you benefited from the old tax code and you've made millions and billions now. Hey, close it, close that loop hold man. Don't let nobody else do that. It's like a, a, a portal ocho remember how we, we see these sci-fi movies where they jump through the portal and then they try to close it. So, okay. Nobody else. No, bro, what's up? We're you're right. I understand what you mean, But that, that, listen and I get it. They're gonna have to do something about this. Like, you can't fake like you on Slack because they changed the rules in college because Kenny Pickett and Pitt, he pretended like he'd go five and he kept running and they ended up winning the game.


So you can't do that now. And they're gonna, Hey, if you wanna change the rules, but once that guy go into a slide, because once he goes into that motion, Ocho like I said, he's a big ass man. That's a lot to go from a, a fully upright position into a sliding position. Yeah, you right, you are right. I mean, but listen, you with understanding of that being that you are a bigger man, that mean you gotta start that slide a little earlier, guys. I'm not saying Tom Brady, Tom, I'm saying Tom Brady benefited from rules that protected the quarterback. Right? So imagine if you couldn't hit the quarterbacks with Elway and Marino, because I give you prime example.


Trent Green lost his starting job in St. Louis. That's how we came to see Kurt Warner. Rodney Harrison did the exact same thing to Trent Green that Pollard did to Tom Brady. To Brady. Did they change the rules? Absolutely not. The moment they did it to Tom Brady, what did they do? They call it the Brady Rule. A quarterback now a defender. He can't tackle the quarterback below the knee. Yeah. He can't hit, he can only hit the quarterback here. You can't drive your weight onto the quarterback. You got to baby him down. You got to, if I got him, I got to do like this. Here, you see a lot of guys sack the quarter or hit the quarterback.


They got their arm spread and tried to dissipate the amount of weight that's going on the quarterback. So all I'm saying, I didn't say Tom was a scrambler, but you can benefit from rules. Even though said that situation maybe wasn't applicable for him, but he did benefit from rules that were implemented to protect the quarterback. Right? So you wanna see them change the rules. So what would you have them do? Oh, that's Tough. You away with the slide? So now a quarterback can't give himself up. He can't because that's part of the game. That's part of the game. You definitely can't take that out. But I, I, I don't, I don't know.


I I think you would have to put the onus on the quarterback and being smart and being able to slide early based on situation circumstance, depending on what defenders are. And I think defenders have to protect themselves and understand the situation at hand and knowing that the quarterback's don't slide. And also knowing who you playing against. You know, you some, you got some quarterbacks that are knuckleheads, you know? Right. They're They'll drop the shoulder. They'll drop the shoulder now. Yeah, Exactly. And you got, You have some quarterbacks that just really ain't like that. And you know, they going, they gonna get down the slide. It is all about knowing who you're playing against.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What we got despite his struggles, Aaron Rodgers says he has nothing to prove over the final fast five games inferring that his career accomplishment should supersede. See, I told you, should supersede his performance down the stretch. He said it would be ridiculous to make a play with his resume. Audition for next season Ocho. This is why we love professional sports, because what must you do every week? Ocho? Update your resume. Update your resume. So I wanna ask Aaron Rogers. Aaron Rogers, what has those four MVPs done for the Giant Digest this year?


That's what you do every time you step on the field. Ocho Yeah. Playing for my job. Yeah. Yeah. But you, you, you, you already know what they gonna do though. You, you, you no. You already know what they gonna do. You know how difficult it is to find a quarterback. You know how long they just been looking for a quarterback? Even they're still looking. Yeah, I know. They still looking. Even though Aaron Rogers is playing back. It's the possibility. It's the thought, it's the hope that he's gonna play like the Aaron Rogers the bowl. And even, even if he shows glimpse of flashes of the old Aaron Rogers, maybe for the just organization, maybe that's just enough to give them hope that things may change. Maybe.


So if, if, if there's an opportunity or a chance for him to come back next year, guess where he is gonna be Because of who he is and because of the exact same thing he said because of his resume, he gonna get a chance just because it's him. I, I I, I don't know. Like I said, I don't know Woody Johnson like a lot of other people, they seem to see that he and, and and the owner of the Jets Woody Johnson. Yes sir. It's kind of like they don't see eye to eye. There's reports that he wanted to bench Aaron Rogers at some point in time this year, coaches fought back at it. Fought back against that. Yeah. If they want me to stay fantastic. If it takes these five games, maybe they don't know what I bring to the table.


Nothing this year. But that being said, I love to play really freaking well these last five games. Oh, it's Ocho you see, that's what I'm saying. He thinks that the normal rules for an NFL player, Joe Montana. Yeah. He didn't finish in, he didn't finish in San Francisco, Emmett Smith, Bruce Smith, Jerry Rice, some of the historic great players. There are a lot of one top 100 players. Right. That did not finish their career with the team that drafted them. But somehow Aaron thinks he should be exempt because of his resume.


Can I, can I tell you something? Yeah. In that chat, do y'all listen to me? Because his name is Aaron Rogers because of what he is done in the past, he's gonna get that grace simply because he is a quarterback. Even though some might not like it, we might not like it. It's just the honest truth. I believe there's a greater chance he plays elsewhere than with the Jets. Nah, I don't see it. Well, you know the Devonte's going after this. He's only, he is on, he's on one year, huh? Basically. Yeah. You know what? No, you, you might be right. You might, you might be right 'cause most of the pieces are gonna be gone.


You, you. Right. But what would, what would that be? I don't know. I mean they talking about everybody keeps hoping to get the old Aaron Rogers. You just getting the old Aaron Rogers. I mean, I'm not breaking news. Hey that, take That aside. I look if that man has, if he had another name on the back of that jersey, ain't no way. Right. Y'all say that man deserves to get, get a, the money that he's making deserves another opportunity or fe forget Deserve. Absolutely. Because he feel he deserves because of his resume, not based on what he's done. Right. Everybody else must feel I get this opportunity. I've earned the opportunity to play here Ocho to play another season, to get another game.


He feel he's deserving based on what he's done, not what he's doing. Yep. And you know the funny thing, you know how he can say it because he knows he is gonna get that opportunity. He knows he's gonna get that chance based on what he's done. Any other position? Tackles, guards, defensive ends sin, d tackles, quarterback safeties will never be extended. That Grace, there's always a special. Oh No, hell no. Hell No. There's always this, there's always a special place for a quarterback, especially one that is done what Aaron Rogers has done in the past. Even today, even as bad as it is, he will get that grace because of what he's done in the past.


The only position that can get away with that. Block Him. HMM Jamarr Chase Dad said he could still win the Super Bowl with the Cincinnati Bengals. If our defense was a little bit better, we would be in the Super Bowl talk. This offense is unstoppable. Yeah. Talk, talk. Come on, talk Papa Chase. No, Ocho, ocho ocho. You can't ocho I'm on Chase talking about Ocho. People believe, where is this coming from? Be it true or imagined who they believe he's speaking for.


You think you're speaking for Chase? Know what I not I it's not a rhetorical question. I asked you the question, You know what? That that's, that's, you know what, that's a good one. But in this case, in this case, being that I know Papa Chase, right? He's at, he's at every game. He watches every game. He's, he's been going to all the games and Chase has been a little kid based on what he can see from sitting in the stands and going to a home and away games. I think his, I mean, you, you see it. You, I mean, it, it is right there in front of you. I mean, he sees it every day, But it doesn't matter. So he's not saying nothing. We not saying, huh? I know he doesn't say nothing. I ain't said, But lemme ask you this. Let's just say for the sake, let's just say for the sake of argument, Talk to me.


You, you were dating, ra it, it re said, Hey, now we can see you ain't getting the catch. If you ain't getting the attempt, the targets that you normally get, come on. Now. All I'm saying is that my, my man, Hey, they give him opportunities. Y'all see what he can do. Y'all know my, y'all know what my man do. He been doing it for five or six years. Do they, even though we can see it, right? Do we believe that that's real talking or we believe that's real talking for ocho? That, that, that, that, that's probably real. Talk about ocho Yeah. Even though I agree with you. Right. That's probably his own synopsis based on his knowledge of football and what he sees. Right. But that's not how the media and that's not how people that watch will take it Are gonna take it.


Right? I I understand what you're saying. Now, the point of the thing about it is, normally when it comes to family member, family members, family members that really don't know the game like that, you know, they just, they go to it because, you know, it's, it is a family. It's a friend. Family member. Yeah. A friend. But in, in this case, I, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? I'm giving it the benefit of doubt because we have somebody that's really integrated into the sport that played the sport. Never, he didn't make it to the highest level, but he's really into it like that. And his, he's submerged himself into it now that his son plays with the Bengals. So in this case, I'm giving it the benefit of doubt. Maybe it might be something that Chase might say Yes, but before Chase said Papa Chase is said it for him. Yeah, I was, I was very conscious of what I said, people around anybody, your family because, but I, but I always told my boss, I said, mom, anything that you say, they're gonna feel that you got it from Mill Spanky.


I said, my homeboy, I said, bro, whatever y'all say, they're gonna feel it came from me. Right. Be my always keep that in mind. You never know just because you know that person, you don't know who that person knows. So they take what you said and they go back. Oh yeah. You know, that's, that's man, that's a sharp homeboy. That's his right hand, man. The one bucket and bark. Yeah. There's gotta be some truth to it. Yeah. So you just have to be mindful of what you say because you never know that's one person. Right. But he might know three or four people and then you get four or five degrees of degrees of separation and now all of a sudden you something that you said innocently all of a sudden grows legs.


Yeah. Yeah. Hey, I'm not telling you anything. You know, you've been in this game, you know how this thing works. Yeah, I, I definitely do. But the the crazy about it, I don't, I don't have the stats in front of you. I think Dan Ol ran 'em off to you when y'all was on ESPN the other day about the, the, the losses that the bangals have had in scoring 24 points and scoring 28 points. Yeah. And score 34 points, 38 points, whatever it might be. And all these are losses because the defense is playing that bad. They used to be a time, I don they say if you score 17, you win the game. Yes. Yeah. You, you win the game. And so the fact that they, they've been able to be an offensive juggernaut week in and week out and still lose games is like, come on now.


But here's the thing where I pushed back on dio, I understand he has minimal turnovers, right? But look at the games they lost and when he's turned the ball over all Over and in the wrong times, You might have one turnover, but guess what? They pulled it out and they tied the game up with your fumble. Okay? You was, you had a three point lead, but guess what? You threw an interception, they kick a field goal and now boom. So you see people just keep looking at the number of turnovers, right? But look at when he turned the ball over. You and I have always, we concluded Ocho, all turnovers aren't created equal. You turn the ball over in the first quarter. It's a big difference than when you turn it over into fourth quarter. You up by three or you down three.


That turnover weighs differently than in the first quarter when it's zero, zero or seven. Three or seven, nothing. And so you go back and look at, look at when he turned the ball over against Baltimore. Look at when he turned the ball over against Kansas City. Look at when the game that he's lost, when they turned the ball over. That has to, and guess what? Fumbles are turnovers also. People just say, well, he ain't through before interceptions. But what about the fumbles? How many times has he fumbled? Those are turnovers also because guess what, if your defense can't stop their offense, you definitely can't give their defense. You can't give the opposing defense points on your possessions. Yeah. You already made it abundantly clear that you have to be damn near perfect.


Even if you're not perfect. The one thing you can't do is to give the opposing offense a short field or give them points on your possessions. Because now you're like, well damn, we can't stop them. We just gave them seven points. Right? If we don't score here, ocho, when we come back on the field, the score is about to be 10 nothing or 14 nothing. I guarantee you. And put you right behind eight ball. Now you really, now you really, really, really got depressed. I've been in situations where we couldn't turn, if we didn't turn the ball over, we weren't going lose. But it's hard to play OCHO because you only gonna throw the ball on third down.


Right. They know you going throw the ball on third down. So we seeing an eight, nine man box on first and second. Now how difficult you think it's gonna damn be to try to get on third down with his third and eight, third nine. And they know you gonna throw it. See, you better make some hay on first and second down now and make those third down. Yes. Very. Yes. Very manageable. You try to, you try to get, everybody wants to be third and manageable. Yeah. We look at third and manageable. Third one to three, five is okay, you start getting get third and seven, third, 10, third and 13. You ain't gonna be picking them up on the R. Your playbook shrinks significantly. The greater the distance, the smaller the playbook gets.


Two It and most of the time you gonna have to check that motherfucker down. Anyway. Ocho check this out. The NFL will find players $15,000 if players post their drug test requests from the league on social medias for a new memo sent to ages. Players across the league are extremely unhappy about this. Hey. But the NFL is so funny about control. I'm, I'm one of the ones who used to do that as well. I used to do that. And, and you know what's so funny about, about social media is the fact that people in the chat, if you can go on Twitter right now, so just, just do me a favor.


Please go on Twitter right now and, and, and see if you could find me complaining about getting drug tested after a game. It's, it's still up there. You know, it, it's something that I did. It's something that some of the players do and anytime you have a good game, a game that's outta the norm, they think it's something wrong with you. True. What's the, they, do they drug test you the next day? Hell, sometimes they might catch you right after the game. Yeah. They might catch you right after the Game. I definitely didn't think it was random. 'cause I'm getting tested seven times a year and the point of the kicker getting tested one time a year. Now clearly you look at them clearly, they, if they whatever they take it is backfired, it ain't working. Right. I'm Like, how is it, how is it random when I get selected damn near every week or every other week and this guy gets tested once a year.


I'm confused. They come see me in the off season. It is also based on position too, huh? It's also based on position. Yeah, because what, what, what are we testing kicker for anyway, think about it. Eating too many hamburgers and pizza. That's what's in his system. But I, I, I, but I, but I don't, but Ocho tell me this. What do you, what do you, what do you get by posting that? Are you trying to elicit sympathy from the fans? No. No. I, I, I don't, I I, like I said, I was frustrated Ocho, because you, Hey, I got tested. I got tested a bunch and even in the off season, because in the off season I was living, when I was living in Savannah Right.


The guy would come to the airport, Ocho, I would meet the guy at the airport. He would get off the plane. He would go, he would, we'd go into the bathroom. Bathroom. Yeah. At that point in time, ocho, they have to keep the bathroom open. So you would have to turn to the side so he could see it And make sure you ain't doing nothing wrong. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because guys had started getting the wisdom data they would getting somebody else urine and bag and strapping it to their legs. You know, dude darker than me and he got pink meat hanging down there. You know what I'm saying? Come on bro. Why me? So I, I said, come on dude. That's the, the dude from Minnesota ocho, he done, he done got the, that's how they found out about it. Yeah.


You know what's funny? A chat, this is so funny too, in the off season, it doesn't matter where you are in the world. Oh, absolutely. If you gotta get a drug test, they, they'll come, they, they coming wherever you at. They could be. You could be in Europe, you could be in Italy, you could be in Spain, you could be in London. They coming. You can be in anywhere. It doesn't matter. Wherever you are in the world, once you have that drug test, even in the off season, you will get that test taken within 24 hours. Guaranteed. You used could tell about your I'm gonna be in St. Thomas or I'm gonna be out of town on vacation. Okay. We'll get you when you get back. Oh no. Where are you gonna be? Yeah, they gonna, Hey, they, they'll ask you where are gonna be. We'll Have somebody there.


We'll have somebody there to meet you within an hour. They will, they will show up. They absolutely will. Ocho And that was, I was like, because at at first ocho, they used to let you go in the bath because what they would do, they would be in the training room. They would give you the cup, they'd let you go to the bathroom Yeah. And come back. Okay. And then they was like, okay, they would follow you to the bathroom. But they would let, they would let still let you close the door. But what guys were doing, they would already have somebody else urine stored Yep. Poured into the cup, pretend like they, you know, and, and so forth. The so, so then it's like, nah, nah, nah, y'all didn't do it right.


Y'all think y'all slid So now drop your pants. You gotta put your pants to your ankle. Yeah. You gotta turn to the side. I mean, come on bro. Yeah. Another man watching another grown man go pee in a cup. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But hey I y'all aint get no money outta me. Stand right there. I'm gonna it up. I ain't giving you, y'all ain't finna get one dime outta sand, I promise you.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liar's Poker On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


But that's the way it is now, Ocho and they say this is, this is ha has they said, now I've read the memo. They said it's always been a rule, but there was no, I guess no fine or no term, no punishment behind it. So now they're attached 15,000 en enforce. They weren't enforcing, I think, I think the NFL is now fed up and just players wanna let people know how ridiculous it is that they're being fine. I mean, fine, fine that they're being drug tested and it's normally after an exquisite performance. Every time. Every time. I was like, man, hey, I mean I wa you know, just because, okay, I had 90, okay, I had one 30.


What? Y'all found what? I mean, I'm trying to figure out what happened in that week. Right. Well what y'all, why y'all ain't trust me when I, when I had four catches for 22 yards? Y'all need to drug test the coaches and ask them why they call them bull players. That's what y'all need to test Ocho The Ravens suspended Deontay Johnson for one game in 2024 has not been kind to deontay from being traded off two NFL teams and becoming practically non-existent in the Ravens dynamic offense. And now being suspended one game after refusing to go into Baltimore week 13. I see ocho.


Yeah, I tried to tell you when he was in Pittsburgh, they talk, I said they gonna tolerate until they beha. He took that same attitude. You they won't listen to me. Oh, how you know Unc? Because I know because I've been in the locker room and I was de facto, I was a leading voice and I've seen guys just like Deontay Johnson and he took that same behavior. If y'all think this man has changed, y'all think he just got like this when he got to Baltimore. Huh? Y'all think that Chad, y'all really think that's who deontay it was because that No, but y'all don't wanna listen to me. Oh, I think he know everything. I don't know everything. I know a little bit about everything except technology, but when it comes to human behavior, I know a lot about that.


I told you, y'all wanna listen to me now? So I I Hey, hey Chad. When I was saying this is behavior in Pittsburgh, where y'all at now? Why we can't find no ocho? Why we can't find anybody? They go against us. But when we Right. Don't nobody jump in the chat and say Ocho, I a, I was one of the ones that said, Ocho, you was wrong, but you was Right. Why we can't get that ocho. Yeah. You, you Right. Listen, I I I do, I do. Listen, I'm, I'm not, I'm not saying what he did was right. I do understand his frustrations. Obviously getting traded to Baltimore and wanting to be an intricate part of the offense and really not getting those opportunities. He's, he's had catches, I I think he slipped on a few.


He's dropped a few, but he's also caught some balls. But not to the point where he thought he would, I mean, obviously you one, you're going to a, you're going to a run a team. They running the ball first anyway. So your opportunity gonna come few and very and and, and few. And how you say that? What's the word? Few and so often, Few and far between. Yeah, few and far between. Especially in that offense. Especially when they already have Zay flowers and, and Bateman and Aguilar. You gonna have to get in where you fit in and when you do get the opportunities, you gonna have to make the most of. You gotta catch it. Yeah, That, that too. You gotta catch 'em. You gotta make the most of them. Ojo. I don't look, I was a pretty good player and I wanted to catch the football 'cause I worked my ass off during the course of the week.


I felt I had done all the right things from studying to preparing to practicing hard, to doing all the right things. Ocho I really wanted to catch the ball. Yeah. Sometimes they didn't throw me the ball. Guess what I did? Guess what I did on Monday? Ocho What you did. Take my black ass upstairs and pick up that check. I got paid by the game, not by the catch. Right. So now if y'all wanna pay me this amount of money to catch no balls, I'm gonna go. Right. I ain't gonna sell a word. Right. Y'all want to, Hey, if I caught 13 passes, I've made the same amount of money as if I caught two. Now it's gonna look fool show y'all.


But I'm not, I'm not, I'm not finna get lose my mind, but y'all not throwing me the ball. 'cause I know what I can do. Y'all know what I can do. Yeah. But to not go in a game. Yeah. That's, that's fucked. Oh hell no. Ocho That's, that's, that's hella, that's hella frustration built up. Well you need, hey, you need to me Jerry Rice. Mm. I remember. I think, oh well who was it? Was it Bill Callahan? It might have been Bill Callahan. What happened That broke Jerry Rice consecutive game streak of catching a pass. Jerry had like two something over 200 catches and he didn't throw him a pass.


Damn. Oh yeah. He snapped it, he broke it. Go back and look. I, I think and I think it against the Seahawks and then at the point in time Ocho, they were up. So you know they're not gonna throw the ball. Right. Jerry was frustrated. That's crazy. Jerry came out there the next weekend Went crazy. I don't know if he went crazy, but he took his ass in the game. And that's Jerry. Right. At the time, at the time that happened, Jerry was the greatest receiver had ever played. And if he go take it man. How you in good conscience tell the coach you ain't going in the game. Mocho. Yeah. I mean listen, I I I I've never been in a position like that where I had to make that.


I don't wanna be in a position like that. Don't cho I'm a football player. That's my job is take my black ass in the game. Yeah. Yeah. I ocho I never wanted, I never wanted to have that kind of power that I feel. Look, I I've been very fortunate that, you know, played on some teams and they, they kind of gave me some leeway. But they tell you a lot about a PA person that has power and doesn't abuse it. Mm. Tells you a lot about a person now. Yeah. Everybody can't use that kind of power for good. Sometimes people are use it for bad and take advantage of it. Right. You know, being in Baltimore, you know, I, I remember when we went to Baltimore and you know, we didn't have a whole lot of rules.


O you just be on time, things like that. Sometimes it drove me crazy that Coach Belichick would let guys skirt on the time, but hey, it is what it is. We go to the Super Bowl now, we don't have bed check. Right. He gave us one rule. Coach, coach Belichick gave us one rule. He says, I want everybody to ride the bus from the hotel to the practice field. Right. Once practice is over, I want everybody to get on the bus and ride back to the hotel. After that you can do whatever you wanna do. Okay. Right. Rookie, he from Florida, his mom and dad down, he gonna ride back to the, he talking about he gonna ride back to the hotel with his parents.


I don no f you ain't What? I said. Oh no f you ain't, I said, you think you f it up for everybody? Yes. Right. I said the man gave us one. We don't have bed check, we don't have, we don't have nothing. And the man said, I got one rule from the hotel to the practice field, practice field back to the hotel. Right. And you talking about, boy, that's really the only time Ocho ever really got mad. Right? Oh, it's the Super Bowl. Yeah, Dude, I don't think he really understood the significance of it. Maybe he was just looking at it like another game.


Yeah. But they chronicled this one, this, this was here for perpetuity. They got, I don't know how many games they played. Probably 15,000, 17,800. They've only played at that point in time. 35 Super Bowls. Right. And now you think I'm better let you potentially hang a l man, you'll get your ass on this bus. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna have to fight you and your parents, but you get, you get your ass on that bus bad please. Yeah. Don't mess it up. Yes. Everybody, you can't, you can't do that. That's, that's Just think if your coach ocho you in Cincinnati and Marvin say Ocho, y'all just got one rule.


He didn't say, Hey Ocho, you could wear whatever you want wear, you could wear one pair, you could wear shorts, you could wear this, you could wear that. He said, Ocho, all I want you to do is that I want you to ride from the practice field. I want you to take the, I want you to get, get on these golf carts and go down to the practice field and then get on the golf carts and go back to the facility. That's the only rule I got for you. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Simple as that. Oh Joe, Justin Jefferson said he hasn't spoken to Kirk Cousins since he left in pre agency Ocho. Did you talk to former teammates if they left in free agency?


You know what, not, not really. Not not, not really. I, I, I really didn't. I remember TJ left and went to Seattle, if I'm not mistaken, and the Raiders, Carson left and went to Arizona and went to the Raiders. No, no. We, we, we, we, we didn't talk much. But what we did do is we did keep in communication in the off season. Like in season, you know, when, when players left we exchanged pleasantries before Oh yeah. Before we left. And you know, that that was it. That, that, that was pretty much it. So especially in season, you know, we, we, we didn't talk much. Hell, the the funny thing about it, we didn't talk much when they left then, but now we talk more and we ain't played in so goddamn long, Which is weird. You know, every, everybody's always on their own program.


True. And you, you hate to see him go. That's, that's one thing about it. You hate to see him go. Especially, you know, the combination and the duo that TJ and I were during that time and to see Carson goal was also sad. But you know, we, we didn't, we didn't communicate after that man. Once they were gone, they were gone. They, you know, we understood the business aspect of things and the way things worked. You know, if, if I see you in passing and off season, you know, it's all love. I did when I left Baltimore went back to Denver. Me and Ray, we still talk once, twice a week. When I went, when I left Denver and went to Baltimore, me and Burns, but, and Burns ended up leaving and going to Tampa, well he left in Tampa in 99.


And so I was there by myself. That was, that was the worst year of my entire life. And then in, in 14 years, that was the worst year I ever had. Right. But he and I, we still talk, we are normal, we talk every day. But those were really the only two guys that I really talked to during the season. But like you said, once the season was over, you know, a lot of the guys Fas and a couple of other guys, duke, Jackson house. Well we still, we still communicating and we, you know, I got, you know, we close today. But yeah, I, I I can see Justin, I mean, I don't think, I don't think that's unusual now. No, I didn't a quarterback.


I didn't have a quarterback leaving for Fred, you see? But no, hell, I wasn't gonna talk to the quarterback. Hell, John and I didn't talk in off season. So I know damn well if, if, if I had gone to another team or he had gone to another team, we weren't gonna talking during the season, hell we didn't talk in off season and we on the same damn team. So I don't, I don't think that's, I don't think that's strange at all. Ocho you No, absolutely not. Absolutely not. Because I didn't, I mean, I I lived it. I I lived it. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, Arthur going Infinite. Moneyball the Blind Side in Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.