
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound, and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the Flocked Starry light Frazier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs unbelievable. Catch an old school rivalry for a new game day stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday football. For details,


I'm partnering with PayPal this Black Friday. Why settle for just one deal when you can stack them with the PayPal debit card? Earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand dollars of monthly purchases in the category you choose. Apparel, health, groceries, beauty, or new for the holidays. Tech. Yeah, tech. Don't just pay PayPal terms And limit supply C terms at paypal.com/rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


As a former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need. It's big enough, comfortable enough, and luxurious enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW, I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is the precision engineering, cutting edge technology and unmatched style. Whether it's spacious interior, the powerful engine, or the smooth ride, BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience and I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to bmw usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the All electric I four. Build your dream car today and join me in experiencing luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He's Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, but you can call him Mocho. You watch the Alabama get beat by Oklahoma. Number seven, Alabama lost 24 3 and we'll get to the Colorado game. They also lost by the score of 37 to 21. Told y'all guys that was the game that I feared the most out of the last four or five games that they're gonna play. But we'll get to that in a moment. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you to all our loyal and faithful subscribers, listeners, our viewers. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support and hopefully you will. You'll continue to give us your support. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We do have an abundance in a stock, realizing the holidays were riding around the corner. We have Thanksgiving less than a week away. Then you'll have Christmas and you'll have New Year's. What better way to celebrate those days than with a bottle of Shea by La Portier. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, just order it online and we'll get it to you promptly. Do me one more favor, please Drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms.


That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84. Our newest release dropped last month and our Black Friday sale just launched. Shirts are $20 off and hoodies are $40 off. Who idea was that As Your Yeah, cover that. Your check as all teams and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Shake and 84. Everything is in stock and yeah, it is way too discounted. Ash. We've also released some stocking stuffers such as Beanies and Cozy. I didn't know what cozy were. They're, what is it called? Cozy. They're sleeves for your beverage. You know when you put your can in a sleeve, that's what they are.


They're sleeves for your beverage. All this cozy. Cozy. What is a sleeve? It is a bottle or a canned sleeve that puts your beverage in and keeps it the way it was supposed to be. Cool. Quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last and the biggest shocker of the day, unranked, the Oklahoma Sooners unranked upset the number seven Alabama crimson Tide 2043, which likely ends the Crimson tide playoff hoax after a third loss of the season. The tide have lost three games this season. Haven't lost three games in a season since 2010. I have a question, huh? Yeah, before you even go on, you just said we started out Oklahoma upsets number seven, Alabama.


Is it really a upset with the way Alabama has been playing all season? Is it really when, when you think about it, the way they played all season? Yeah. Oklahoma coming into that game was five and five. Now you tell me. Okay. Alright. Alright, Go ahead. But Alabama couldn't stop the run. Oklahoma ran the ball 50 times for 257 yards. They threw the ball 11 times for 68 yards. The One thing, Alabama has always prided themselves on defense is the ability to stop the run. To run. Yeah. And they could not stop it. Also, this is what we know about a Alabama Jalen Monroe. When they lose ball games, all you gotta do is just go back and look at his turnover intercept.


But once, see what he did, go back and look at Vanderbilt. They lost, he turned the ball over multiple times. Yeah. Go back and look at Tennessee. He turned the ball over multiple times. Look at Alabama. He turned the ball over multiple times. What he needs to realize, your team is not good enough to overcome your mistakes. Right? They're not, they're just, they're just not, they're not equipped to deal with that. And the way Alabama has always been built is that they take the ball away. They don't give it away. Right. They normally able to run the football, not allow you to run the football, but this year they haven't been able to stop the run consistently. And when Jalen Monroe plays a clean game, when he doesn't turn it over, or he minimizes his turnover, Alabama has the ability to win all their games.


What they've lost three. Lost the unranked Vanderbilt, they lost to Tennessee and they lost the unranked Oklahoma, which probably with all likelihood ends their college football playoff hold. Yeah. And that's a good thing because all Alabama was gonna do was get in there and and get embarrassed. Embarrassed. Yeah. But you look, listen e especially for Jalen, Jalen Miro, I'm not trying to make any excuses for him, but the two defensive ends for Oklahoma today caused havoc, the entirety of the game, all four quarters. They made him very uncomfortable. He couldn't even get in the rhythm. He couldn't get in the rhythm if he wanted to. And he had happy feet always having someone draped on him when he was trying to throw the ball. Like you, I would love to give Oklahoma their credit to the defensive scheme that they played against a, against Alabama.


Not only making him uncomfortable, but the secondary as well. And the second level playing a shoe level where they couldn't, where they couldn't run the ball. They really, I honestly, they really couldn't do anything. No, no. Honestly, and Alabama, They, they, they were one dimensional all goddamn day and the One thing they, they could do, they couldn't even do that. Oklahoma is very good against the rush. But you know, you had, and that's what you do when you have a team in your building and you know the crowd is gonna be a factor. What you try to do, you take away the run. Now we get an opportunity to pin our hear back because we know there're gonna be a tad late getting off the ball. And I know everybody's going the silent count, everybody's looking, the guard looks back at the quarterback, you ready? And then he flashes his hand in front of the, what you call them.


That's not the same as being able to hear that snap count because now the tackle's gotta, he gotta try to do this inside, but he's got edge rushes on the edge. And so now you are just a fraction. And that's all these guys need that he who hesitate is be, but give Oklahoma credit, they came ready to play. They're trying to get bold eligible. It's really that simple. Yeah. I mean these teams, like, we're not going to the college football playoff, but we can end on a great note. We can get to a bowl, possibly win a bowl, give us something good to go into the spring ga spring practice for something for us to build on 2025. Right? But Alabama, this is, this is a very, very, I mean you look, you lose the unranked Vanderbilt, you lose the unranked, Oklahoma, there's no shame in losing on the road at Tennessee.


But you've gotta cut down on the turnover because your team is not good enough to overcome that. Jalen Jalen Mill road did not play particularly well today. Well, he didn't play well. There ain't no particular, he didn't play well. You are right O Joe. They did a great job of getting after him, but they gonna get after your ass in the NFL. I mean, you say you have hopes and dreams and aspirations for playing at the next level. Right? What do you think you're gonna get? Be able to pat the ball back there like you're in 7 0 7. No, you gonna have to be able to function under the rest. And that's what the great quarterbacks, the great players can do. They can function under the rest and tonight and he did not do a good job of that. Right. But they couldn't run the football like you mentioned, 30 rushes, 70 yards. Now you are one dimensional. I know you can't run it.


You know, you can't run it. And so now we're gonna put you in second and ten second, 11 second and long third and long. Now we just come get you really, I mean they got, they got, okay, receivers Williams is sensational. The fresh, the freshmen and Bernard, he number five. So they yeah, they got, they got receivers, but tonight was not Alabama's fine showing, considering they played a team that was very inspired. Brett Venables wanted to give it, you know, he hear, he hears the whispers, this is not the Oklahoma, Oklahoma don't go six and five. Right? But give those guys credit, give Oklahoma credit.


They came out ready to play. They took it to Alabama. And Alabama. Now, for all intents and purposes are done with the college football playoff. I just don't see how you lose two games to unranked teams. Right? That's a three, that's three losses. And somehow you still make it in especially unranked teams, if these teams were ranked, you know, like, damn, that is a tough goal, man. You lost the Oklahoma rank, you lost the Vanderbilt rank. You liked the Tennessee rank, but you lost the two of these teams. They were unranked at the time in which they beat you. I have a question. Yes. Especially a question for the chat too, as as well, understanding how the voters always have some type of favoritism for teams like this. Sometimes the rules are skewed.


They do things uncharacteristic to allow a certain team to get into playoffs. How would y'all feel, UNC? How would you feel if for some reason Alabama is able to get in the playoffs anyway, even even with having three losses? Well, look, Alabama has a huge fan base. They're gonna travel, they rate very well. But who do you leave? I mean, Georgia seems like they're gonna go, the only thing that I hate ocho Yeah. Is that the conference and, and, and, and, and Lane Kiffin brought this up. He said there might be a team that's on the bubble. A team that has two losses. They go to the conference, conference championship, they lose, they're gonna be out while somebody didn't even make their conference title. Get an opportunity to go. Right. So if I'm not, if, if you're not careful, Ocho, the next couple years you watch the Big 10 and the SEC say the hell away with Champ big championships.


Right? Because they don't mean anything. They do. They cause more harm. The good, right. Because the last thing I wanna do is go to a championship game OCHO and lose it and get beat and a team that didn't even make it gets an opportunity to go, To go. Yeah. So we're gonna see how that plays out. Obviously the SEC and the Big 10 controls, all the cards, whatever they say is gonna go. Yeah, there's nothing the NCAA, there's nothing. The A C C's, nothing, nothing any other conference can do about it. Those two mega conferences control everything. Yeah. Because they have all the blue bloods, they have all the programs. They have the Alabamas, the Georgias, they have the Texases, they have the Ohio States, the Michigans, the Penn States and, and yada yada yada.


So they're gonna control what college football's going to look like. Right. Moving forward. And The funny thing, the funny thing before, before you finish is, I understand Alabama has three losses now, but also what it comes down to, what we can forget about is what's the most important factor for these teams when it comes down to teams going into the playoffs. It's all about money. At the end of the day, who's gonna generate us the most revenue as well? So despite those losses, I'm just saying for those of you in the chat, and those of you that are going to see this at some point, let's forget what the bottom line is. At the, at the end of the day, what team going into the playoffs can generate the most revenue. Yeah. So it's gonna be interesting.


Texas a and MI mean, because look, you got still, you got Georgia. Yeah, you got Texas and you got a and m vying to go to the, you know, the the SEC championship, right? So there's a chance that one of those teams don't go and then one of those teams do, the other two teams go, somebody's gotta lose. And guess what? The other teams just sitting right back there say, woo, thank you. Because it's not, it's not that you lost, when did you lose? It's better to lose early than lose Late, late. You've seen that before. But this is gonna be very interesting. I I, I don't me, I don't think Alabama would be, have would've earned the right to go. I know what their fan base, I know the eyeballs that they generate through ratings, but losing the two unranked teams, that should be a disqualifier right there.


Yep. Kansas Jayhawks became the first team in college football history with a losing record to beat three consecutive top 25 teams by knocking off Coach Prime 16 ranked Colorado Buffalo ocho. Remember I told you Yes sir. I said, this is the game that scares me. Yeah. This is the game that scares me because they're gonna be trying to get bold eligible. They are at home, they've got nothing to lose. Yes sir. And so I was more concerned about fake punts, fake field goals, blitzing when you don't look, because when you don't have anything to lose the Colorado, anything goes, anything goes off the table. I go forward on fourth down because they already expected me to lose ocho.


Right. So if I go for a fake point against stop, so what I was supposed to lose anyway. Right? If I go for a fake field goal to no get ocho, so what if I go forward on fourth downs? And so yeah. I was supposed to lose, but they played extremely well today. Very well. They ran the football crazy without knowing the score. If I told you one team ran the ball for 330 plus yards, one team was nine or 14 on third down two of two on fourth down. So that makes them 11 or 16 on 30 and fourth down. If I tell you said team also possess the ball for 40 minutes. You gonna say they beat the hell outta somebody. Yeah. That was Kansas.


Kansas ran the ball 57 times for 331 yards. They possessed the ball. 40 minutes. I Coach, Prime said the buffaloes fumbled their own destiny. They did. We controlled our own destiny. They did. They didn't need any help from anybody. Right. They didn't have to say, you know, OCHO sometimes in, in football. Well if Pittsburgh beat Cleveland and then this team and, and, and then the Houston Texans beat Jags and Indy Ty, we can get in. Yeah, no, all you had to do was win. Yeah. And you were in the driver's seat. You were in the catbird seat and they came out a little slow offensive before you know it was 10 nothing.


Then it was, it was what? Seven? It was 17, seven and 17. Nothing. 17. Nothing. Excuse me. And Travis, Hunter gets a touchdown, gets a, a sensational block. He goes in for the touchdown. Right. And it's a 17 seven. They get it to 2123. You're like, okay, now we got something to settle in. But don't, yo, it was second. Okay. They got a holding call. So it's first in 20, but they got a sack also that made it second. That would've made it second 11th. Coach Prime declines it. Rob Livingston, the D coordinator run has a run blitz on, they got the guy, it should be third and 13. They missed Neil who had an outstanding night running the football.


37 carries 207 yards, three touchdowns. So what should have been third and 13? He gets 25 yards shy. Little horse calls him, he gets another 15. So what should have been third and 13 right? All of a sudden is a 40 yard game. Yeah. Miss Tackle, after missed tackle mis they had to have at least 2020 or more missed tackles. I mean, I mean at some point I'm like, rod, bro, they not gonna throw the ball. Why would I throw it when I can handle, turn around and hand it off and get the same amount of yard if I were to Throw it? And it, it was, it was, it was working. It was working every time. It was working every time. And obviously the defense couldn't get off the field.


Not only could the defense not get off the field, but offensively what the Kansas defense did to the goddamn bus is they always kept 'em in in third and long. Yes. They always, they always kept 'em in third and long, over and over. And it made it, they made them one dimensional because they couldn't run the ball on, if you can't run the ball on offense and they know you have to throw at some point, it makes it that much more difficult for your offense to be effective. Sha door can only do so much. Travis, Hunter can only do so much. You gotta be able to run the ball. Especially against a team like Kansas that has quality players despite what their record may be, knowing that they have nothing to lose. I'm throwing the kitchen sinking everything else I got right at you.


Yeah. Neil 37 carries 207 yards, three touchdowns. He had four catches, 80 yards, one touchdown. He caught a little simple swing pass outta the backfield. Yeah, right. They missed too many tackles. Shiloh has to understand everything can't be a big hit. He takes some terrible angles. Ocho Yeah, he really does. He Hey, he be trying to, he's a, he's a, he's what we call a thumper. Yeah. But thumpers end up, he see the back of the guy's jersey as he run into the end zone. Because you gonna, because in order to, in order to be a thumper, you gotta take great angles. Right. Because you got to go to the point where you think you're gonna be, and you gotta get there at a high speed. Not not where he is at. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So if you get, if you take the wrong angle, you already out play because your momentum is not gonna let you change directions.


And he has to understand that everything can't be a big hit. Right. It's okay to sometimes just get the guy on the ground. I know the crowd goes crazy. I know your sideline goes crazy when you throw those big hits. But what it does, it puts you in a vulnerable position because you, a lot of times you're gonna be out of position. Yeah. And on that long run, he took a terrible angle. He did? Yeah. He had 13 tackles, which is not good because he's a safety. That means your first two levels did a horrible job. Yeah. Yeah. They a horrible job. Hey, they goddamn Devin Neil, boy, he played, he had a hell of a game today, boy. 200 yards, 37 for 2 0 7.


They ran them ball 57 times for 3 31 and three touchdowns. That's crazy. That's crazy. Colorado only had 40, they ran 42, they had 42 snaps that counted. They had 29 passes. Shado didn't play. Shado had 23 or 29. Yeah. Had a touchdown. Right. He had a touchdown. The guy made a great play and pulled it out, give him credit. Shepherd caught the ball and the DV came over the top. Ripped It out. Yeah, He did give him credit. The guy get defensive sometimes we gotta get Can't say every time a play is is is made. You can't say, well, a guy dropped it. No. The guy defensive guys, they get, they get you. What? Gotta give those guys credit also. Yeah. He made a great play on the ball.


But Ocho when you, like I said, when you time of possession is 40 to 20. Yeah. Lopsided. They had almost 300 more rush yards than what Colorado had. So when you lose the top time of possession, when you lose, when you lose the, the, the yard rush yard, the total yardage. Yes sir. And you can't force the team to turn it over, you gonna get beat. You are. I mean, you are, you just go, it, it is really that simple. And they squandered a great opportunity. Now guess what? All those people that have been hoping that have been quiet.


Oh Yeah. They gonna be, They gonna be loud, huh? Oh, they, they're, they're going to be as loud as possible, but still, even with them being loud, you do, you, you still have to understand it's still a successful season based on what they did last year. It's still, it's still a successful season. Even if you're not, you don't have an opportunity to play in the Big 12 championship. What you've been able to accomplish. There ain't no reading you holding your head down. I'm just saying in general, I'm being optimistic on what they've been able to do. And just in so in, in such a short amount of time, They don't look at it like That. 1, 1 11, 1 11 to four and eight to eight. And wait the seven and wait, what's the record Now? They were one, they they were one. They were one in 12. They were four And eight. One in 12. My bad. And now they're eight and three. Yeah. But Ocho ocho, if I dislike you, I don't see any positive in anything you did.


Okay. Okay. But do You understand how that works? Yeah. You know, when you're headed, you gonna always find something wrong. Right. And if you, you're a nit picker, no matter who the person is or how matter or no matter how great that individual or peer team success may be, I'm always gonna find something wrong. You can do that. I mean, it's easy to do that. You can nitpick by any goddamn thing. You can. You can if that's what you, if that's what you choose to do. Yes sir. But if you look at it, if you look at it objectively, I don't think you can say that coach time has not done a good job with his football team. Yeah. Yeah. They go from one and 12 to go from to four and eight to here he are eight and three, you're going to a bowl game. You close out how many games they got left too. Yeah. Think they got Oklahoma State at home. Who they got else.


That's the only game they get at home. What? That's the last game. Oh, okay. Okay. So they only got one game left Reg. Okay. Oklahoma State. Yeah. No, I'm not going to look at, look y'all. If you watch the game, you saw it. I know a lot of you guys don't look at the game the way I look at it because I'm not looking at, okay, yeah, they scored. Okay fine. I look at why they scored. I'm looking at the formations, I'm looking at the coverages. I'm looking at the front and I'm looking at a lot of different things to try to come up with the best. When I come in and I talk to you to tell you this is why, what happened? There were terrible run fits. There were terrible angles. Like I said, Neil should have been tackled a couple of times in the back field, but negative yards. He's getting 10 yards, which should have been a negative play.


Guys just missing tackles taking terrible angles. They're not, you know, Coach, Prime said the got success is intoxicating. And maybe that was the case, but they definitely did not come. When you go on the road Ocho, you have to ma you know they're gonna swarm early. You have to match that intensity. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard to spot a team on the road. 17 points. 17, 17 and come back.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that make shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic Alpr Godde slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loper with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Black Friday football on Prime is back. This week the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable. Catch an old school rivalry for a new game day firing Downfield stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move. Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pre-game at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday football. For details


This holiday season, skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without Compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com back slash policy


In order to spot a team 17 points and have an opportunity to come back. Your offense gotta be hitting on all cylinders AM says Shana, you're not the only one watching the game Analytically. Okay, do you gonna get a chance to talk about it? What's your podcast? Because I wanna hear you on television. Linear television. I mean, just, just shoot me, Hey, hop back in there and say, Hey, this is what I'm doing. This is how I'm breaking the dang down. And I said, I said a lot. I didn't say all. There's no such thing as all and everything, right? But I know most people are not looking, didn't break down tape like you and I did for a living. And now all of a sudden I can't, I don't really get an opportunity to really enjoy the game ocho.


Yeah. Because it's just not about touchdowns. It's just not about sax and interceptions. I need to know why. I need to know how. So that way when I go, when I go on before, when I, when I'm doing Nightcap or I'm doing EFPN, I can talk with a high degree of certainty. Right? This is what happened and this is why it happened. Not to say everybody doesn't watch it like that, but normally people that didn't play the game or doesn't have a job that's in television where you have to talk about it. Don't look at it like that. Right? You just don't because you don't know what you're looking for. So just hop back in and just let me know. 'cause I want to, I want to, I wanna hear your analysis on it. 'cause I, I really wanna, I really wanna see how you do.


I wanna see how you doing. I wanna see how you break down the game and, and how you look at it. Yeah, I do. Yeah. Because I like, I mean, when I hear guys on television a lot of times like Saturday and I, a lot of times I see things kind of the sim similar. Dan, Dan looks at it from a quarterback per perspective. Quarterback perspective. Yeah. Different. Yeah, it's different. I don't, I don't, he and I, we see some, some things the same. I kind of see things more like me and Saturday kind of see things, right. Even Ryan and, and, and Fox see things differently than I do. Right. I take a, I take an approach. Okay. This, I remember go back and I was like, okay, they were in this front, they was in this front, they was in this coverage against this formation.


Okay. Why that should have been covered, right? It's like Ocho, we, we was talking about, bro, how do you give up when you got quarter, you got deep quarter, he got deep quarter, he got deep quarter. How you give that up of The post normally Yeah. Become Motherfucker every time. Why, why are you down? Why are you down there trying to take a out route away when that's Quan Smith responsibility. That is not your responsibility. Right. That's what, that's what left me baffled. They talking about, and Cam was like, hey, hey, you know, sometime the woman, you know, she, she, she dangled that skirt in front of you. Yeah, but Cam he married, he ain't supposed to look.


That's that's what I'm saying. He, he can't look right. He already got somebody because that's not his responsibility. Right. And so it was, it was, it was tough to watch to see Neil, how he ran the ball with such conviction. I it is been a while since I saw a guy that ran angry. Right. It was the first guy did not bring Neil down. Not, not once, not Once. He's like, I am not going down with the first contact. It's gonna take more than one. And even if you, even if you, you know, you got his leg, he was stumbling for 3, 4, 5 yards. Yeah. Always. He always fell forward. He always, he always fell. He was always past the, he was always past the second level. Every time whenever he did get tackled, he was always past the second level.


Yeah. And, and so like I said, when I see, when I see your, your corner, your safety have 13 tackles Make 13 tackles. Yeah. Another guy corner had nine tackles another Nah, that's too many. Yeah, that's too many. That means, that means the, the, the first two levels are not doing a good job. And that means guys are up on the second level because, you know, they only have 14 completions. So it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, you're getting a whole lot opportunity to tackle. You had 85 total tackles ocho. Woo.


That's not good. That's not good. That's not good. But look, all is not lost. You get an opportunity to finish up at home. You win the game at home. You're nine and three now you're probably gonna go to a really good bowl game. Very, because it is Coach Pride. It is Shado. It is Travis. Hunter. People don't want to see that game. They'll travel. So I think they'll get a very good game. Go ahead, don't you Now we talk about seeing him in a big bowl game. Now we know Travis Hunter and, and Shado Sanders are going to the draft next year. Do they play, is the next question, do they play in the bowl game? Because you know how players have been sitting out the past few years.


Yes. Yes. Passing, passing up the bowl game. So now that's another question that comes True. True. And we've seen a lot of that happen lately. If you go back and look at Bryce Young, Bryce Young didn't make the ch the college football playoff. Yeah. He played the final game. A lot of these teams play their players play. But if they didn't play, am I gonna hold it against them? No, no. And and and seeing, I don't know if you saw this play with the linebacker from Kansas. He went into That's, that's dirty. That's Butch league, bro. He went, he went lower, hit the knee. That, that play. The only thing that Saveur, he was a split second and he got that leg up. Fuck yeah. Had he not got that leg his, he not got that foot at the dirt leg up.


Yeah. There's no way. There's no way. That guy doesn't rip the knee. And it was intentional because his head was down. He was not a, he was going for the man's knee. Yeah. And that's Bush league bro. That's Bush League. I mean, you wouldn't want some, you wouldn't want someone to do you like that? Yeah. Now I don't know what the guy young man's draft status is, but you know Karma man. Oh yeah. And Karma sometimes, you know, sometimes it's long. Sometime it's long and other times it's like Amazon Prime, they'll get it to you the same day. Yeah. So, bro, be careful. But that was a Bush League play, bro. That was a Bush league. That was a Bush League play. And, and look, I'm not saying Colorado fans do not send the man death threats.


You look, you can be fan, you can be, you could be upset and you have every right to be upset. But it was a Bush League play. It was a dirty play. It was an intentional play. Yes. Can no one, I don't care what his coach says. I don't care what his parents says. I don't care what he says. That was intentional. He may, it was deliberate. I'm going at the man's needs and I'm gonna do what I I'm gonna try to, I'm gonna try to take him out. That's what that was. That was, that was, that was Butch league. It was Shado spoke about the dirty play. Hit it after the game, aren't you? He said it doesn't know how the play was legal given a non call from the officiating, officiating crew. I don't, I I don't know how that's legal overall. I understand that.


But you know, it is what it is. It was a couple of plays like that. But yeah, it was, Shadur also had a chippy moment between him and the ref. Shado took issue to one of the officiates blocking him from getting in the face of his Jay Hawk and chose to shove the official, the official did not throw a penalty on him or the shove shadur. Just, just be careful, bro. Yeah. Because at the next level you gonna get tossed. Oh yeah. Okay. It's really that simple. You gonna get tossed outta the game if you put your hands on official when there's a confrontation between you or team, whatever the case may be, you are gonna get tossed. Yeah. It's not worth it. And plus you are the quarterback. I understand when a emotion is high, logic is generally low.


But just be smart. Just be smart. You're too valuable. That's not a good trade off because the official stays in the game and you get tossed. I know the game was over, but hey, just be smart. Just a lesson learned, something to move forward. I'm, look, I'm not telling him anything that his dad, dad's not gonna have a conversation with when they get home. Right. If they haven't had the conversation already. Son, be smart. You're much too valuable. That's not a good trade off. Even if you were to shove a player, you get tossed, he get tossed. How is that a good trade off? Mess it up the whole game. Yeah, absolutely. But give them a give, give Kansas credit.


They are, they're bold. They need one more win to be bold eligible. Right. They're five and six Kansas. They need six wins to be bold eligible. So they put themselves in position to be bold eligible. They're the first team in, in to have a losing record to beat three ranked teams. Consecutive. Yeah. That, that, that's, that's good coaching. They could have easily given up on the season. But you know what they said? Nah, we, we, we still got something to play for. They're playing the tails off. And congratulations to Kansas Jay Hawks as they take down the number 16 Colorado Buffaloes by the score of 37 to 21. Now it's a four way tie atop the Big 12 Arizona State six and two BYU six and two Iowa State Cyclone six and two, Colorado Buffalo six and two.


And the buffs, the two teams from Kansas, Kansas State and Kansas Jayhawks Beat them. Yep. Yep. Damn. Damn. Let's see what happens. It's a four way tie and probably what did they take the highest rank, the high rank of the teams? How, how are they gonna settle this? Okay. What? Well, none of these teams, they didn't play, see you didn't play anybody but Arizona State. Right. Did they play Arizona State or they played Arizona?


Because I don't think any of these teams that have the tie record, they didn't play BYU, they didn't play Iowa State and they didn't play Arizona State. Okay. We're gonna get you that information. Travis Hunter, the tie team will be compared based on their head-to-head records during the season. Well, to my estimation, I don't think Colorado played any of the teams that they're tied with O Joe. Yeah. Tied Teams will be play compared based on percentage against common conference opponents.


Okay. Tied Teams will be compared based on when percentage against the next highest place common opponent and the standings based on record of all games played within the conference. Man, that shit too Complic. Oh, excuse me, man. That ain't too complic. Hey, hey, we just gotta wait for this thing to play out. Don Joe, listen, It, it always, it always has been. It always has been. You would have to really be, really be, what's, what's the word I'm looking for? Really have great understanding on how the format works in general to understand e knowing the team's records and how they judge and decide who goes in because sometimes it gets confusing. It's damn near like calculus. Yes.


Because it used to be Okay. Head to head and then common opponent and then how, you know, what did you do in the conference? The schedule, you know. Yeah, yeah. You know. Yeah. That in the NFL, you know what I'm saying? Don't show. That's the way it was. Okay. Head to head division. Right. Conference opponents common opponent. Man, I ain't got time for all that. Travis Hunter Odds soars in spite of a loss, he hauled in 125 yards receiving two touchdowns on eight recessions. Hunter eclipsed the hundred yard receiving mark for the sixth time this season. Tying a single season school record on defense hunter. Seven total tackles, two pass breakups and were an interception. Here's the thing though, Ocho Yeah.


And he got that interception, which he do. Oh, cut it. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they'd go ahead and send him the house, but they'd go ahead and send it To him. Listen, you might as well, you might as well. Especially he almost had it too. If they, if it wasn't for the ground, he would've caught that. Yeah. Draft King Sports book now have his, has have him as a minus 800 favorite ahead of Ashton Genty, who has the second best odds at plus six 50? I just don't unless he rushes for 400 yards and six touchdown. Right. I just don't know how he overtake him. I just don't know Joe. He, he's not, he's not. No, he's not gonna overtake him. Listen, Travis Hunter is, is going to win the Heisman trophy.


Everybody can see that. Everybody can see that. Now. I, I would hope, and again, I've said it before, those that are doing the voting, I, I would hope that they don't allow their personal bandt against Prime. Maybe not liking him for whatever reason it may be, but don't allow your personal issues with Prime to take away from a player success that do, that's doing something absolutely phenomenal and spectacular. That's been done before, but never been done to this magnitude. Don't, don't do that. Don't do that. Oh damn. He big as hell. What? Hey, I, I, UNC I'll whoop him.


Hey man. Name, title. You daddy's boy. You daddy's boy. I Love you too buddy. Make him bark. Make him bark. He said, nah, I don't bark until you come in here. The house. You come in the house. He buy. Oh, he bite. Oh hell yeah. What? I see you. I see you. Alright. Oh, he listened too, boy. You said off, he cleared it. Boise State defeating Wyoming 1713 asking Aston the four, the before mentioned Aston Genty twentys a Buck 69, 1 touchdown.


Now, if I'm not mistaken, Ash, what is he, 2000? He needed 107. So now he's what, 2062 Rush Yards. I think he had 1893. So let's go with 2062. I'll take 2062 for 800. Alex. Hey, I like asking is good. Yeah, he he's good. And that's a and he's having, he's having a great season, don't Joe.


Yeah, he's, he, But I I, me personally, I don't think he's the best player in college football. No. Now, if he had put together a Barry Sanders type season, okay, now we ocho Conversation 2,600 yards. Four. Yeah. We got a conversation, Brandon, we got, we got a conversation. But he he is good though. I, I don't, He's unbelievable. We don't wanna Take anything away from him, especially what he's doing from a, a statistical standpoint. But what Travis Hunter is doing, running back Yes. It's One thing. Yeah. Being able to play both sides of the ball consistently, every single goddamn snap And play the level in which you played Fishing on both sides of the ball.


Man, what Travis Hunter is doing, man, is is something different man. Both Way. It needs to be seen as such. You knocked it off. Yeah, he, he, he, he's playing unbelievable. I mean, he, he got out the gate for the first carry. He went 61 yards. And so look, they saving him. He only had 19 carries. Yeah. So he was, he he's played good. Look. Oh look, I I don't wanna diminish the man because I, I I think the guy, I think he's a phenomenal football player and he is having unbelievable season, but I just don't think we've seen anything like, like Travis Hunter. No. We've seen guys, look, I'm old enough to remember Champ, champ from Champ's from Charlton County.


Yeah. Our teams used to play each other a lot. I watched Champ at the University of Georgia. Woody Charles Woodson. Yeah. I remember when Woody came out, he was, went to the Raiders. We played against Woody a lot before he went, you know, obviously I retired. He went to Green Bay. Who else was the guy from UCLA? He was a running back. He was a, a running back and a and a and a Lineback Miles Jack. Yeah, miles Jack. He was, you know, freshman of the year and defensive. He was phenomenal. But this kid here, this kid here run. Y'all stopped that. Oh, he ain't play. See you see what they try to do now? Wait, when they say what they, what They Travis, Hunter ain't played Travis, Hunter ain't played one Elite team.


You see what they do, Ocho Hold on, hold on. What they do? Ocho I have a question before, before you say that. Now again, this is where we talk about nitpicking. Where you, where you get nitpick. Well we can say as and Gente ain't played against, Ain't played one Elite team. Yeah. I mean you can say the same thing. Okay. What are the elite? Okay. If you don't, if they don't mind me asking what's the elite team? Well, he did play, I think Boys and State did play Oregon. Are we saying Oregon is a elite team? I mean I obviously How did he do against Oregon though? Huh? He went, he went for, he went for like a hundred and something. Oh, he's gone over a hundred every Damn I'm game every, every game. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. IIII think people need to understand if you're not a casual fan, you understand a player's skillset and understand the skillset that they do have will translate to any team that they're playing.


And that's, that's what Travis Hunter is, regardless of who they're playing, what he's able to do from a skills Yes. Skillset perspective. He can do that on any it doesn matter who it's, But I, I just don't like what I mean we try, y'all try to do anything y'all can to undermine anything. That's Always, He had 192 against Oregon and we took that. Oh My god. Yeah. Oh he legit. He's, he, he's, he's legit. But it seems to me what they would, they would, they'll do anything to under undermine anything that see you because it's related to Coach Pride. Yeah.


You watch the games. I I just said that. What'd that guy's doing? You watch the game. Right? Look at the level at which he's playing at. He ain't just out there. Yeah, He's intercepting the balls. He had a big force fumble that ended up winning the game against North Dakota State. He's inter you know, outstanding interceptions. Look at the touchdowns, look at the plays that he's making. I get a man his credit man, y'all, I mean, come on now. I get it. But like I said, I I, I, I think, I think Aston Gente, he, he deserves the Dope Walker. I think he's a a a a, he's an all American. No question about it.


But in my estimation, watching them both play, I think Travis Hunter is the best player, is the best player in college. Yeah. Florida knocks off number nine Ole Miss out of the co knocked them out of the college football playoff with the 24 17 win in the Swamp Florida, which has top LSU last Saturday in the Swamp beat ranked teams in consecutive weeks for the first time since 2008, which is getting started. Billy Nap, you said this is a big part. This is a part of the big picture journey. Belief is the most powerful thing in the world. Ole Miss, which came in as a 10 point favorite loss for the first time in four games and will drop out of the 12 team playoff pitcher, Florida.


Yeah. I mean look, this is the Florida we expected to see early. We didn't expect them to be as bad as they were. They're six and five now. They got off to, they were got off to a very, very sluggish start ho horrible start. They were not playing particularly well, but Billy Napier has turned his team around, got 'em playing extremely well. They did a great job of, of getting, keeping Jackson Dart. They confused him A lot of plays they got after him. What They have four sacks. They have four sacks. Excuse me. Picked him off twice. Give him credit. So they played, they they played well and you know, swamp is not an easy place to play.


I mean it it is not. It's not. But they had played, they'd been playing so bad early where they were playing home away. I didn't even respect this. If I was a gambling man and I was gambling and betting on the game today, I would've had Ole Miss winning. Yeah. I would've had Ole Miss winning this game. So the fact that Billy Nappi has been able to, to get up a hold of his team and get them to play different and not, and not, what's the, what's the word I'm looking for? Not lose themselves. You know, sometimes the coach loses his team where players stop playing but they just feel like, well hell the season's over, we gonna chalk it up. But he found a way to get the boys to turn it around and they've been playing some goddamn good football as of late. I know they've been playing great.


I know Lane Kevin mad in the motherfucker. Yeah. Yep. So Ole Miss looks like they about to have the same F as Alabama outta the college football playoffs. Yeah. Auburn unranked Auburn upsets number 15. Texas A and M. So now the number 17 SEC, the number nine team, SEC and the number 15 team. Yeah. All lose today. Texas a and m lost 43 41. What is it after two scores? You gotta go for the two point. So now everything is a two point conversion.


Right. And Auburn scored Texas a and m did not. And Auburn upsets Texas a and m by the score of 43 to 41. And I think that's the only game Alabama got left is the Iron Bowl against Auburn. Right. Which will not be easy. No. Hell shit. What? What if they lose that? What if they lose that? Huh? It's in Auburn or it's in Alabama and back to the, it's in Alabama OCHO. And to make matters worse, if you think about it on fourth down, you remember in Colorado it was on fourth down and it sha ended up throwing the ball out of bounds and it was like six minutes to left.


Yeah. Kansas never gave em the ball back. Nah, they ran it running and they killed the clock and ran, ran it right down they throat. Yep. Right. Than I'm stack the whole box. I mean you couldn't, you couldn't, you couldn't stop to run all goddamn damn game stack the whole box. So number two, Ohio State hands number five, Indiana, its first loss of the season by the score of 38 15. All Ohio State has to do now is beat Michigan at home next Saturday. And it will earn a return to the Big 10 championship game for the first time since 2020 and get a rematch with number one Oregon. The ducks beat Ohio State.


32 31 and a wild one point back on October 12th. This time the game will be on a neutral turf. A neutral site. Neutral, Neutral field. Nor I think, I think the Big 10. They played their championship game with OCHO at Lucas Oil. Right. In, in, in Indiana. But Ohio State played well today. Will Howard, 22 of 26. 2 0 1. Two touchdowns, one interception. They ran the ball. 29. 29 for one 15. Yeah. What's Up? Two of my Man, man, my homeboy Jeremiah Smith, the first game he didn't score man. Yeah. He had, he only had one catch. He had. Nah. Well, hell, I mean, they only had 22 completion.


What'd he have? He had three catch for 34 yards. Yeah. 22. They had 20 or 22 receptions for 2 0 1 as a team. They didn't really do anything. The defense was suffocating. They won this game defensively, ocho, they held Indiana to 151 yards. 83 Russian 68 passing. Let that sink in. Yeah. A team. They had eight of 18 for 68 yards. They had 41 carries for 83 yards. Yeah. 151 yards of total offense. They sacked the quarterback five times, eight tackles for loss, and they picked him off.


Yep. Defense, defense, defense, defense, Defense. Yeah. This was, this was a defensive game. And you now look offensively, Ohio State did what they needed to do. They got, they capitalized on, you know, the, the field position that they got great punt return to get 'em going. But this defense was all over Indiana. And so I, I, look, I don't follow Indiana that close. I don't really know how good they are. I, I know they, there were 10 and old coming into this game. Right There were the fifth ranked team. It's gonna be very, very interesting to see where they ultimately ends up at ocho. Obviously, they're not gonna make the cup, they're not gonna make the big 10 championship. Right. But there's still an outside chance because there ain't no fighting, no harm in losing to the number two team in the country on the road.


Right. I'm sure the voters will take that into consideration. One one would hope so, huh? They've done crazier things. But the number two Buckeye, if they beat Michigan, they earn a trip back to the Big 10 championship where they'll face on, face off against. The only team that's beaten them are the Oregon Ducks, which are the number one team in the country.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Toms, the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic Alpr Godde slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim, seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school Drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs unbelievable. Catch an old school rivalry for a new game day firing Downfield stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move. Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pre-game at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday Football. For details


This holiday season, skip the cruise socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pets Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy


Number 25. Tennessee State Beat number 11, Southeast Missouri State. 28 21 Saturday at Nissan Stadium. With left the Tigers knocking on the door of the CO of the FCF playoffs. They share the title OCHO Tennessee State. Finished the regular season and a four way tie. A first in the South with southeast Missouri, UT Martin, Tennessee Tech, and the big South Oval Ohio Valley Conference. Eddie George makes Tennessee State case for an FCS playoff. Birth Tennessee State ended the regular season by winning seven of his last eight games. Something that may benefit the Tigers with the FCF playoff committee, which often favors team on the uptick.


So congratulations Eddie Congrat. Congratulations Tennessee. Tennessee State Tigers. Unbelievable. We were down there at the HBCU CL, HBCU tour. Right? My best friend, obviously Keith by, he's the special teams coach. So I am very am very, very happy that you guys have finished the regular season nine and three FC committee. Be Spike Lee. Do the right thing. Y'all know what y'all should do? Oh yeah, they won seven of eight. Congratulations. Tennessee State Tigers, coach Champs of the big South Ohio, Ohio Valley conference.


Very happy for you guys. Anytime HBCU do something, man. You know, we proud over here at HBCU. That's what we do. Oh yeah. We're very proud of you guys. Congratulations Eddie and Tennessee State Tigers and all their fans out there. Daniel Jones. Damn, that escalated quickly. OCHO Daniel Jones has officially been waved by the Giants. Yeah. Sequan Barkley rooting for a fresh start for Jones. Jones went. Wants to go to a team. Go to a playoff team, huh? Ooh, say that again. Wait, read that for me again. Read that for me again. Real slow. Read it for me again. What I'm do what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna play, I'm gonna press rewind, right, and then I'm gonna hit play. Okay.


Daniel Jones wants to go to a player. Daniel Jones wants to go to a playoff team. Okay. Now hold on, hold on. Let wait, wait, wait. Let let, let me get this straight. So Daniel Jones wants to go to a playoff team. He not, he, he wants to go to a playoff team where they already have a quarterback in, in place, but I'm assuming he wants to go to a playoff team so he know the field, like to win. Okay. And maybe be the backup. I'm assuming that's that what he mean by saying that I'm, I don't think he means to actually start or contend or compete to be the starting quarterback for a team that always has a start, a starting quarterback. Right. According to Adam Schefter Jones is expected to have multiple options, but likely will prefer to finish this season on a playoff contending team where he would be involved in big games rather than going to a, a Mandarin quarterback needed team.


Not remotely in playoff contention, but if they got, if they're going, if you go into a team, you're not, I mean, so what, you just wanna see what it's like. Yeah, I think that has to be what he mean. Huh? But He's already been to the playoffs. Hey, hold on. Think about this real quick. Okay. I I don't mean to break it down. I'm not sure how good you are with being able to name all the quarterbacks in the league, but think about all the teams that are playoff or in playoff contention. Or even in the hunt. Even in hunt, huh? I mean, how many teams asking me the quarterback and the one None. That's in the play on hood. Yeah, exactly. That's the whole point. So I think he just wants to experience with knowing what it feels like to win and to be con you know, be competing in the playoffs or being in contention in general.


It has to be what he means. Go to the cowboy. But here's my thing, Ocho, when I, when I look at it, maybe he needs to go somewhere with a different culture. 'cause a lot, because sometimes it is culture. You get, you get caught up Ocho the way they coach and the the way they do things, and maybe that's not conducive for you. You get into a new situation. They practice different, they meet different, the coaches coach you different. They talk to you different. Right. I don't know. Look, it didn't, when I heard it, I did. I I, it, it, it, I'm like, oh, you wanna go to a, I can see ocho right? You are a wide receiver. You are a running back. You are a defensive player. Okay. I get that. 'cause there's an opportunity, but there's only one because all the other positions, you can have multiple positions on the, at the same time on the field.


Right. But when you're a quarterback, you can only have one. Right. That, That, that's, and I'm looking at, I'm like, well, so I going to a team that's in playoff consideration or contention. What are you gonna do? Right? Oh my goodness. I mean, it, it, it has to make sense. The only thing that makes sense is based on what he's saying, he wants to be somewhere. Well, maybe he's not going to be the starter. We know he is not gonna be a starter. But I wanna be somewhere where I can be on a team where I can be a backup if need be, I can help. But I would like to know what it feels like to be contending or be challenging for a playoff spot with that team. That, that, that, that. Hello. That got to be it obviously.


Yeah. So you want me to rewind that thing and press play again? Ocho Nah, nah. Don't do it. That that was a good one. That was a good one though. That was a good one. That was a real good one. The Jets could reportedly release Aaron Rogers this season. In season. Lemme repeat that again. Say it again. Say it again. Now. Rewind. Now rewind it again. Rewind it again. Go ahead. Rewind it. Play the jets. Could reportedly release Aaron Rogers in season, right? Rogers wants to play in 2025, but not with the Jets. Whoa. What, what time out. Time out, man. Time out. Time out. Hold on. Lemme get my flag. Lemme get my, lemme get my flag. There's a flag on the plate. Let me get a flag.


Alright, I got my flag. I know it, I know it's white, but we gonna pretend it's yellow. Okay. You've giving up. I just, I just threw the flag. Okay, hold on. Okay, hold on. What, what the call on the play. Where Is he going? You know what's funny? You know what's funny when it comes to a quarterback like this with a resume like this, even though the NFL is all about what have you done for me lately When Aaron Rogers says, you know what, as desperate as teams are to have a quarterback, I wouldn't be surprised if he gets the opportunity after what he just said. If they do release him, him, if the judge do release him and start over as far as searching for a quarterback, Aaron Rogers will get a job simply because of what he's done in the past.


They gonna hold onto that. They gonna hold on the For how many, how many time? MVP four. Four. If not four. Oh, Joe. He's Won the Super Bowl, man. Yeah. He gonna leave nothing Chance. Diana Rossini. Diana Rossini. She talks about the Jets, right? Just listen what she has to say. Yeah. I'm told Johnson has lost confidence in Roger's ability to lead the team to the playoffs for the first time in 14 years. A drought that now stands as the longest and major North American Professional Sports League. There are some on the team who believe everyone is simply tip torn around the fact Rogers isn't the same player anymore.


Some around the league say they won't be surprised if Rogers is cut in the season. As far as Olo Rogers, his relationship with the owner has been strained for months. That's not a secret in the building or the locker room at this point. After conversation with sources, with the team and around the league, my understanding is Rogers stand still wants to play in 2025. Just not with the Jets. I like it. I like, I like it, but I don't like it. I like it, but I don't, I don't like it. 'cause I wanna break down. I want, I wanna break down the other 31 teams. There are many teams that don't even need a quarterback. No. What teams can Aaron Rogers go to where he can make a difference? Where you couldn't make a difference.


Where you're in New York, they gave you And they gave you everything you wanted. They gave everything Wanted. Adams you got, you got Lazar, you got Brie Hall. I mean, come on now. Remember Ocho last year, remember last year they got a, what you call him Randall car for him? Yeah. Yeah. And then, and if, if he is to go to a team, it has to be a team where he doesn't have to do much because of his supporting cast can hold him up. He can't go to a team that has less talent and make them better. He needs somebody to uplift him, him for the longest time. He could uplift other, play other his teammates. Right.


He can no longer do that. Yeah. Time to change. Time to change. So, but there's nowhere for him to go. Huh? There's nowhere for him to go. Hey. Like If, if you think about it, there's nowhere for him to go. Where, where are you going? Tell me. So we both know, Man, listen man, I think listen. A Aaron. Aaron what? But you got, you better focus and lock in. You be, you better focus and lock in. 'cause you gonna be on the outside looking in in a minute, Bro. Football, Ben stopped being important to Aaron Rogers. Y'all can still, what y'all want to say, Aaron Rogers Ben and football was the la football gave him ability to have the cache to talk about all the other stuff that he carried to talk about.


Right? Y'all know this. Y'all see it. Y'all see the man demeanor. Y'all see his behavior. Y'all saw the way he conducted himself football. Ben stopped being important to Aaron Rogers. Yeah. He's one of the few. He's one, he, you know what Aaron Rogers has? What, what, what? Most don't what most, mostly all quarterbacks do. He has privilege and he's one of the few. He have that privilege. He abuses that privilege and the power that he has because of what he's done in the NFL. Yeah. The few that does it. You know? Yes. Nobody else will be able to get away with some of the things that, oh, can you imagine you no forget you because you, you follow the rules. I'm, let's say me who bent the rules and always told the line and never crossed it.


Can you imagine if I say, you know what? I'm not going to mini camp. I'm going on a retreat because I already has to be planned. What can you imagine? Yeah, I can. Hey, yeah, I can imagine they'd find you cut you. She said, what the hell you talking about? That's what happened. Hey, All I know is that Antonio Brown didn't go to a team meeting and they cut it. Yeah. They had a meeting and they had a walkthrough in the ballroom. He didn't show up and they cut it. Yeah. They don't play. They don't play certain people. See y'all, see y'all. Y'all get upset with me when I, when I tell, when I tell the truth.


See, my thing is, I don't know why anybody would question, because y'all see, I call it right down the middle. Right? It doesn't matter if you are Aaron Rogers, your Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, Lamar Jackson or, or or Patrick Mahomes. If I think if I, if I see it, I'm just gonna be honest. I've been telling you guys for the longest, Aaron Rogers is an arrogant, condescending flip it. He blames everyone he takes no responsibility on for himself. He's been that, he's always been that. But that he won MVPs so everybody overlooked it. Yeah. Now he can no longer be an MVP.


Everybody's saying what I've been saying for years. Yeah. But, but you, you know, when you have that kind of, when you have that kind of resume like Aaron Rogers, when you have that kind of success for so long, you know, when you're a franchise quarterback like that, and when you're a Super Bowl champion, you are extended a different type of grace. It's Yeah, for sure. Especially at the quarterback position. Yes, absolutely. Abs a absolutely. But I ocho Yes sir. One of the things you say, boy, if you not careful, you'll become the very thing you despise the most in a person. Mm. He despised the way Brett fav treated him. Treated him.


Yeah. Did he not turn around and become the very thing he despised the most? Yeah. It, yeah. Yeah. Oh, have mercy. See y'all don't wanna listen to me. Oh, UNC talk, unc talk like he, but see, I know what he talking about. See y'all say unc talk a lot. Y'all don't really be saying, I don't know what I'm talking about because when it come to fruition, the first thing you saw. Oh, captain obvious. Well, why didn't you, you say it If it was so obvious, you could have said it. Look how he got outta there. Yeah. He didn't wanna come to many camps. He wanted everything to be his way. Isn't that what Brett Fre? Isn't that why they got Brett Favre as found there? Now, where did Brett Favre go when he left Green Bay? Tell the people I mocho the New York Jets.


Joe, tell the people, how long did Brett FM stay in New York? One year? Yeah. And we're Hey, hold on, hold on. Where'd he go? Ne where'd he go next? So are, are we saying that Aaron Rods is probably gonna be them in Minnesota? No. McCarthy got JJ McCarthy got JJ McCarthy coming back next year. No. And he's already missed the year. You're not gonna sit back another year. No. Right. And I've drafted a quarterback. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. What is Aaron Rogers gonna do? At most he plays a year and you think I'm gonna pass on a quarterback for a year. Yeah. Are we sure he could elevate my team that just thought he could, how'd that work out for them? They gave up draft capital and they're worst off than they were when they had rock, when they had Zack Wilson, when they had Sam Donald, when they have whomever else they had at quarterback.


Right. Bro, you're not getting a Tom Brady Indy. You're not getting a Peyton Manning ending. Wait, Oh wait, what if, what if he changed his mindset? What if he changed his approach to the game? Can Or it's too late. It's too late. He Ocho how you do something for 20 years and you won MVPs and you won a Super Bowl. You change your mindset. Tom Brady couldn't change his mindset if he could because he still had the underdog mentality. All he saw himself as accomplished as he was, was a sixth round draft pick that nobody wanted until the sixth round. That's all he ever saw himself. He always felt I gotta go in and prove that I'm, I can make the, I gotta make the team, even though after one Super Bowl, two Super Bowl, three Super Bowl M-V-P-M-V-P mvp.


Right? Right. Super Bowl. Super Bowl. Super Bowl. Super Bowl. I've got to prove it. P Manning every year. Prove it. Prove it. Prove it. It's always been about him. He's always been condescending. Damn. He's always been flippant. He's always been arrogant. He's always been aloof. You overlooked it because he is winning MVPs now. He the same player. You don't ch you don't change when you lose. Right. You don't change. See, losing doesn't change who you are. It reveals who you are. That's what losing does. It reveals your, it it don't build character, it reveals it.


Who he's been Just like, just like, just like anger. Just like anger and, and just like someone, someone that drinks. Yes. Finally, you, you finally get to see someone. True colors. Yes. When, Oh, he got money. He, he changed. No money doesn't change you. It makes you more of what you already are. Mm. You don't get money and become generous. Right. You don't. That's always in you, you don't get money and become a jerk. You've always been a jerk. Right. But you're a minor jerk because you didn't have the the money, the the power. Right. And the money to be a, a, a, a asshole.


So that's what money will allow you to do. People that are, that have money and that are nice and respectful. They've always been that way. I guarantee you, you go look at anybody and they'll tell you, I don't need to call no names. Yeah. But when they got money, they say, well, they've been that way. Right. But if we on the same level, how can I be a real jerk when we on the same level, but let me get a little advantage over you. Yeah. Hey, listen, money, money, money does some strange things that people, it dust does strain. It is just, it does some strain. Strain. Yes. Yes.


It's, it is hard to remain yourself. You know when you get it. But if you are able to control it and don't allow it to control you, it's a beautiful thing. Who were you before you had the money? True as fuck. Who were you before you had the money? That's all I ask. Yeah. Is that, who were you before you got the money? That's who you are Now. You just have the opportunity, right. To really, to really show because you got money. You, you really give people your ass Kiss. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. The Volume


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's OD o.com.


Good job. Thanks.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar cookies and holiday ham. To that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core i nine processors, gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


If you're a maintenance supervisor for a commercial property, you've had to deal with everything from leaky faucets to flickering light bulbs. But nothing's worse than that ancient boiler that's lived in the building since the day it was built 50 years ago. It's enough to make anyone lose their cool. That's where Granger comes in. With industrial grade products and dependable fast delivery. Granger can help with any challenge from worn out components to everyday necessities. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.