
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway.


It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Quaker International Delight, OCOS Lalo, Starbucks, and Frosted Flakes for quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Hey, it's Wilford L and Sabrina Bryan. And we're the host of the new podcast, Magical Rewind. You may know us from some of your favorite childhood TV movies like My Date with the president's daughter And the Cheetah Girls movies.


Together we're sitting down to watch all the movies you grew up with and chat with some of your favorite stars and crew that made these iconic movies happen. So Kick back, grab your popcorn and join us Listen to Magical Rewind on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by State Farm like a good neighbor. State Farm is there With Lucky Land Sluts. You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com.


Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. VGW Grove Avoid. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine du Du has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


The Volume, the 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York.


Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime app actually go down closer.


It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap Olympic edition style. And boy, boy, boy, please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please guys, make sure you go out and subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, thanks to you every subscriber matters and this is how we were able to move up the charts like we have. Thanks to your support, I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree. The legendary, yeah, yeah, the pro bowler. The all pro Liberty City zone.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And again, ladies and gentlemen, thank you guys for joining us. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Poitier. We have it back in stock. We, it will not take that long to get delivered to your door if it's not in stores in a, in a city or a state that you're in. So again, thank you for your support and your patience. Please make sure you go, go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she, Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. That's 84, spelled out the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Guys, we told you what we gonna try to do. We make sure we're gonna try to have current and former athletes to break down some of the Olympics.


And ladies, do we have a great interview for you later today. Gabby Thomas stopped by. But first ocho Yeah, I've been trying to tell you, I said Ocho RB is going to be their toughest task. I said, what happens if they hit 20 threes? They were on pace, they hit 15. That was 15 or 30 going into the board quarter. They went over nine and the US team men, they tightened it down. There was a reason only three guys received an invitation without trying out LeBron James, Steph Curry and Kevin Durant. Right? The committee says, if you guys wanna play, you can be on the team.


No questions asked. No tryouts, right? No anything And. if you look at that fourth quarter, you look at what LeBron did. Steph Curry was sensational, was great, was amazing. Chef Steph, whatever you want to call him for the entirety of the game. Kevin Durant. And then you got Joel L who had his best game by far. Crazy, crazy work. Now the US will face France in the gold medal round. They trail by as many as 17 trail by as many as 13 points entering into the fourth quarter. ocho. I know you was like, damn, UNC. We right against I was, Hey, I, I listen, I was watching, I was watching, I was watching at the beginning and I, I'm, I'm watching the game.


I'm like, I remember UNC saying, well, in order for Serb to have a chance to win, they gotta be efficient. They gotta hit they threes and hit they shots. And I'm watching the game. I'm like, ain't no way in hell, based on what I saw in the first half, they not finna be able to keep up this Volume of shooting and making all these shots. If I'm not mistaken, it looked like they went, might've been nine for nine, seven, it might, maybe five, whatever it might've been. And Curry kept answering back. I was like, I'm, I'm, I'm looking like man USA, but y'all, y'all scaring me now. Y'all scaring me because I been, I've been talking trash. I've been talking trash. And it got to a point. Now I don't mean to skip from the first quarter all the way to the end of the game. It got to the point I've seen people rumbling.


Why Jakes tatu not, and why Jakes Tatu not playing and be balling Curry balling LeBron doing what he is doing would not be denied. And all of a sudden I'm like, ain't no way in hell these boys listening to Steve Curry. Steve Curry ain't running them plays man and boy playing a a u ball. Okay? I I I tell you, I sw God, I guarantee you if you talk to Katie, you talk to Steph or you talk to LeBron, them boys started doing their own thing towards the end and say, you know what? We gotta win this. Them boys were playing au ball Where they buckled hot Man. Hot man, get the ball. Well they buckled down. Well, Steph Curry was pretty much hot and he needed this game because Steph hadn't shot the ball well and he definitely hadn't shot the three ball well.


So they really needed him to play like he played today. He did in today's game. Yeah. LeBron has been LeBron. LeBron has been incredibly efficient. He's shooting over 60% from the floor. He's doing a great job of facilitating. We know he's a great pass of the ball and he is doing an outstanding job of rebounding the ball. Kevin Durand is Kevin Durant, right? He had that one game where it was, you know, he got hot in the first, you know, made all his threes and the game was still closer than I thought he should have been. Kevin Durand is Kevin Durant, but Joel Embiid b in the fourth quarter, he was sensational. And hey, you look at the way they played ocho, you look at Kevin Durant, get down on a defensive stance. You look that Devin Booker get down on a defensive stance.


LeBron, Hey, let me bang with Yolk for a little while. And B, right, you take a guy, Hey, he ain't no threat outside, but let me bang with him. Hey, we'll switch off here and there. But for the most part, let me bag Steph in a defensive stance. They knew right, this was gonna be the upset of upsets. This is not 2004 where they sent a young LeBron, a young D Wade a, a team that was hodgepodge a lot of, a lot of pieces talented players, but right pieces that didn't fit Right. You cannot lose with LeBron, with Steph, with kd, with all the Joe, LMB, all these guys. Yeah man, Ocho they clamped it down.


Yeah. What did they score in the fourth quarter? The US outs scored him 32 to 15 In the fourth. In the fourth quarter. And they needed it. Hey, That was too close for comfort. Yeah, that was too, that was too close for Comfort. And Serbia came out, man, they came out looking so good, man, I don't know how to pronounce Young Bull last name, right? Who was making fun of who, who went to Mellow when he hit the three. And he did Melo thinking, Bucko Bog Don Bug Dono. Hey boy, listen them boys from behind that are boy them boy were looking good. But I'm like, man, they didn't them boy be Serbians ain't come to play. So I'm nervous. I been talking trash on here.


I got people sending me, you know what if USA lose, I'm finna blame Ocho. He jinx us. I'm like, come on man, what I, what I gotta do with that? Everybody else cheering for us two. But that was, that was a good game. It just, just that, that's scary. Don't, don't do that. But that's what happens. Ocho I mean that's you talking about one game. Yeah. Team get hot from behind the three you fall behind, the basket gets bigger, the ball gets smaller, it goes into the ba. Like all of a sudden you looking around like, damn, damn. Yeah. Damn. I said, so when you look at it from a matchup standpoint, Serbia, I think they matched up very well with us, obviously. I mean, the way they played, obviously they shot, they shot great from mid-range.


They shot great from, from, you know, from three, how does France match up? Do you see France as an easier matchup as opposed to Serbia? Well here's the thing. Weby is the neutralizer because Weby, you can stand in, you can stand in the lane as long as you want to. Ain't no, ain't no three seconds. You can go 10 the ball, you can knock the ball off the rim. And so he can do a lot of that. I think the thing is, is that, and they haven't been playing Rudy Gobert a whole lot. I think he only played five minutes, maybe another game, the game before that he played three minutes. Yeah. So, but He's he's he's a liability on defense. Huh? He's li he's a liability. No. Yeah, he, I mean an Offense. I'm Sorry he's a liability, but hey, that's neither here nor there. But Right. And at this juncture, damn your feelings, right?


We're trying to win gold. So I understand Rudy Gobert, you are what, three, four times defensive player of the year. You got this big contract. I understand. Jason Tatum, you signed the biggest contract in NBA history. You just won a championship. You on the cover of 2K, you just on the cover, you done Sports Illustrated, we're trying to win now. So you got a long playing ride to get over your feelings. We trying to win this goal and that's what it comes down to. And Steve Kerr ripped with the guys that hair, the guys that have been in more big moments than anybody. Right. Especially the big three now book is played in the NBA finals.


Joe LMB has never been there, but you needed that presence. 'cause like you said, there's no three seconds. So what did Joe LMB do? Yeah, go bank it book size but die that side size. I say, Hey, yeah, do what you do in the NBAI do in the NBA. Yeah. Go down side and make them value or lay the ball up in the basket. That's what he did. Book didn't have the shot going outside. He was only two or four. He only took four shots. I mean, the US shot 57% from the floor. They shot 50% from the three. Had Steph Curry not been Steph Curry in the first half because he And in the beginning, oh, it wouldn't, it wouldn't have been. They Would've lost. He kept him attacked because they could always, they would've lost, they could always see the tail light.


They were never able to run and hide. And so now, and I was like, dang, they get to six and the next thing you know, it's 15, it's 13, 15. I, yeah, But I believe the player of the game, Ocho, they were down, which one? Like 10 Kevin Durant hit a three and then they get a flagrant on Yoic running over ad and pushing him into Kevin Durant. Now we got three. And then book comes in, hit the three. So that's a six, that's two, that's a six point swing right there. Yeah. Put It back. Now you now right back, right back in love again. And you know, LeBron, I think LeBron, you know, dipped his shoulder, got a, a fade away.


He drove the basket. Kevin Durant, you know, but Steph was the one that when Steph came off that screen and he shot it the three. And I like, damn it popped up. I said, oh yeah, get get in there and when it get, and when it got in there. And when it got in there, I was like, okay, we gotta leave little breathing room. But yeah, LeBron came down. He found Kevin Durant and Kevin Durant hit a little what, like a 15 foot jumper? O Ocho. Yeah. They gave him some breathing, some breathing room. And then they filed Step and then Steph, that was the end of it. But that was All she wrote. That was, that was all she wrote. But they needed, I mean, you need your ocho you do know.


Yeah, this was gonna be, if, if Steph Curry, LeBron and Kevin Durran's known not on this team, you do know they're not us. Is not winning gold. Oh yeah. Yeah. Better Not winning Gold. Definitely. You can see it. You, you can see it. You can see it. Well hold on. How about this? Now that you say that you think about how even without the experience, let's say you take Steph, you take Brown and you take Katie out and you replace him with some, some of the bench, three of your best players on the bench. You don't think he win gold Steel? No. You there? LeBron James played 32 minutes. Steph Curry played 33 minutes. Kevin Durant off the bench played 24 minutes. Yes Sir. Nobody else off the bench played more than 13. That's ant man. Derrick White played seven Ag played 10, bam, played 10, holiday, played 20.


Right. So they're big guns. LeBron James, 32 minutes. Joel, l and B, 27 minutes. Devin Booker. Right? 24 minutes. Steph Curry. 33 minutes. Kevin Durant. 24 minutes Now. But did you, did you understand what I was asking? Now I was hypothetically speaking if they weren't, if they weren't here Yes. And you would've take kd, Steph and LeBron out, let's say they weren't, they weren't here. Is there anybody from the bench? No. That can fill in for the production that they, that they have or that they No. That they bring to the table? No. No. Okay. Because ain't nobody shooting the three who, who's gonna shoot the three to keep them attached. Because now if Steph Curry is not hot in the first half, that's a 25, 30 point lead. The game's over. He kept them attached.


Yeah. He kept it a 13 point or 15 point lead. That thing was teetering about to go to 25 30 Quick. Yes, Yes. No, quick. No. And you know, Okay, I I was just, I'm just curious. I'm just curious. And You think, and the thing is, everybody's so efficient. Steph shot the most, he shot 19 shots. 14 of 14 of them was threes. He was nine to 14. They needed every shot. They Needed every shot. He Was, he was hitting them thing. Hey, hold on. Did you see the one out the corner? Oh yeah. When he turned around, He shot it by the bench and he turned around before the ball Even went in. I already know. It's good. Yes sir.


So they, I mean they only had 10 turnovers. They didn't turn the ball. I mean, LeBron had two, Embiid had three, holiday had one, Curry had two, and Antman had two. So they didn't have a whole lot of turnovers. They had 22. Yeah. That could, that could cents 10 turnover. You could live with that. Yeah. But off those turnovers, how many were points? Well, But that's the thing because a lot of times Ocho, what happens if you turn the ball over, you don't even give your chance. You don't even get the ball a shot up. Right. And now it will allow the other team to run out on you. Right. So, but congratulations to the men's team.


They win a thriller over Serbia fight their way into the gold medal game against France. The US win 95, 91 outscored the Serbians 32 15 holding the O nine from the three point line. And I believe that was the difference in the ball game. Great. Fought, hard fought victory. This is what you, hey, you wanna be in these close games like this because the last thing you wanna do is be in the gold medal match and, and haven't had anything close. They know now they won't take French. Yeah. How you deal, how you deal with adversity. Right. How you respond to adversity. And they responded real well. They will, they will never, they will not underestimate French, the French, the French team, because they're in France.


So you know that thing gonna be RTUs Raleigh. Oh yeah. But they, they don't have no shooters. Like Serbia got nah, Know that they have no shooters. They got Wim, they got four, they got a co they got a couple of guys that could put the ball in the that. But Ocho they've played together for so long. So long. Yeah. Yeah. They know each other. That's, that's the advantage. That's, Think about it, this team been together less than a month. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you could do. But I've gotta figure out where you want the ball, where you need the ball. How do we get, hey, they know back cuts and picks and things like that. And sometimes I think the US overpass, the ball trying to do too much. But hey, right. Currency say I'm riding my guns. See what y'all wanna say.


Yo we'll, we'll discuss, we'll discuss this later. But I love, I love, I love the way the US team played OCHO and they win this ball game. Shoot 57% from the floor, 50% from the three. They need to do a better job from the free throw line. 'cause they only shot 64% from the free throw line. But Right. They hold off a, a valued effort. The serve wanted this because you could Oh, they were hurt. Yeah, you could, you could, they were hurt too. You could tell Because they wanted to brag. They wanted to go, they wanted to go on and be on that network, say we beat the big bad Americans. But you have wait, you have to wait another four years for that to happen. Yeah. No. De and, and, and when that four years come, they still ain't gonna win. They still ain't gonna win. So Congratulations.


UT Ocho. Yo, Sydney, McLaughlin. I told Varone, I told you wins gold I in the 400 hurdles with a new world record. It's the sixth time she's broken the world record since 2021. A new world record, 50.37. She's the first woman to ever repeat at the Olympic champ in the 400 meter hurdles. Only Glen Davis. No, you don't know who that is, O Joe. But anyway, only Glen Davis There. I was there with Glen. Ran Go ahead. What consecutive what a consecutive gold in the men's side. 1956 and Melbourne, 1960 in Rome. And then you had Edward Moses, the great Morehouse grad. He won in 76 to Montreal.


We boycotted mo a Moscow in 80, in 84, and then in 84 in LA he won. And then I think he won a bronze medal too. And sold, didn't he? I think he got two goals in a bronze, but he was gonna be heavy favorite. But you never know. Hey, the favorites don't always win. But if I'm not mistaken, Ash, I think he got a bronze. He might've got a bronze and, and and sold. Okay. He, I, I didn't know. I didn't know. I asked him about you talking about you knew, you knew he got a I didn't know Ashley. I didn't know. I didn't know. I thought he did though. But he's regarded as the greatest furr because Ocho this joke went 10 years and never got beat over 110 races and never lost the finals.


Right. So I'm trying to think who finally beat it. Was it Andre Phillips or Kevin Young? They track, they didn't cover track like we do now. We, you know, you going peacock and they got the Diamond League. But the only thing that they only, the only thing that you, huh? Yeah. Andre Phillips, Ocho. I don't Ocho I'm sorry. Ocho. I I'm sorry. Ocho. I didn't mean to say Andre Phillips was the one that broke his streak. I'm sorry. Ocho. But anyway, they didn't cover it like they do now. ocho. Right, right. The Olympics was always covered heavily. Even the world championship wasn't covered. Like we covered them now. And so, you know, you had to like pick and choose.


I mean, you might read, you might get a glimpse and obviously the American athletes, you know, especially like Edwin Moses or Carl Lewis, right. People that did things like that, they talked about 'em, but for the most part it didn't get covered. But I'm not surprised by this. I've been trying to tell people, they keep trying to make this a rival. It's not a rival. Bi Cabo has never beaten Sydney McLaughlin because ojo, when you look at it, name something that she does better than see she doesn't have the strength. Sydney is a sub 49, 400 meter run. Yeah. She doesn't have, she don't have the foot speed either. She doesn't have the foot speed. Sydney in the indoor season, she runs 60 meter hurdles.


She'll run the, she'll run the, she'll run the shorter hurdles, the hundred meter hurdles. So she's working on technique. So you don't have the, you don't have the strength, you don't have the foot speed, you don't have the technique. So how do you beat her? But today, no you don't. The moment got too big for ocho. I heard you think so? Did you hear a press conference? She said, I can't explain it. It was a bad day. But the lactic acid at three, at 300 meters in, at, at, at when I got to, when I got to about 300 meters. So a hundred meters into the race ocho, she said, I felt the lactic acid already build up. That's pressure. That's nerves. That's nerves. That's nerves. Yeah. That's nerves. Yeah. You gotta stay, you gotta stay relaxed. You gotta stay relaxed.


Again, I'm, I'm, I'm not sure if she's one that's not used to the big moment, but see it as used to those big moments. She's used to it. Yeah. At the end of the day, it's still just a race. When you could block out the point, the fact that I'm representing my country, if you could block out the fact that I'm at the biggest stage block out the fact that I'm at the Olympics, it's just another race. And that's the hard part to do. Yeah, you can say that. That's the hard part. That's what people say about the, about the Super Bowl or it's just another, so why there 70 another game? Why there 70,000 people already in the stands and it's two hours before the game? It ain't like that. Right? Why are all these people on the sidelines? Why is Denzel Washington? Why is all these famous people standing on the sideline right?


When it's not like that before? Oh yeah. And you know what? We've never gone on the road for a week before. Being in a location for a week. We normally go in that Saturday to get there around 3 30, 4 o'clock o show And we back after we've been here a week. Right. Man, Sid laid down a blistering time. No, unbelievable. We gonna talk about And. we talked to Mike about this. I look know Bobby Cur, I don't know him personally, but I know a lot of, the lot of the guys that he trains. I know how he thinks Bobby wants, he wants his athletes to leave legacies. And Could it be a possibility he do both at the, at the ne at the next world in 20, over 20 in 25.


Was she the 400 hurdles and the four over four? Or does she bypass it? Say, okay, I'm gonna do the worlds, I'm gonna run the hurdle. I'm gonna try to get this thing even lower, maybe even 50 point or maybe even sub 50. And then for 28 I'm going, I'm gonna contest the open four. She's only 24 years of age. So even at 28, she'll still be in her prime. And if she stay healthy and you know Bobby Sey, Bobby Sey, you got Bobby Ey who trains, you got John Smith. His crew trains Tonya. But from Bailey who trains a, a lot of females out Dennis Mitchell who trained this youth group. But knowing Bobby the way that I've known him and studied as athletes, Bobby likes the challenge.


Bobby's like, when you talk about my athletes, you talk about what they did, what they've done. Nobody else has ever done it. And, we, you know, we talk to Michael, Michael says, nobody had ever even thought about doing it on the men's side until I did it. Right. Nobody's even come. I mean, the kahunas that you gotta have to even put yeah, Ocho the four and the two in the same Olympics. That's crazy. Right? We've seen guys and gals drop down their 400 meters from Sika Jackson. She was a 400 meter. She got a bronze medal in the world's one year. We see Fred Curly, he was a 400 meter guy. He dropped down but to, to do both.


Yeah. That's, that's, And that's Fred double it. It's really hard. Anna Cock, she got the, the silver and the six years since signing an eye-popping seven figure deal with New Balance in 2018, she's racked up 10 major championships. That's Sydney Bcl. She's won four US championships, three worlds now three Olympic goals. She will run on the woman's four by four. So, well, hey, she about to get, she about to get another one. And I told you, oh, That's crazy, man. Did you see that blistering leg, bro? I saw, I saw Fmca got tied up at the, at the mix work at the mix last year when that girl tied up.


Yeah. Y'all actually thought that she was, if they got the, at the same time, y'all actually thought fem Kbo could run with city. I, I mean, I, I don't think anybody thought that. But they keep trying to make it a rivalry because they need somebody, because Sia continues to dominate. She continues to dominate year in and year out at every competition, at every event. So they're trying to create a narrative that, that is a rival of hers. Because obviously she's good, but it just, it's just not that. And I don't think there's anyone who's going to travel and s see it unless someone just comes out of nowhere that we don't know about yet. That's, We That's that's a young, what's the word? A young prodigy. We've n protege Prodigy.


You're right. But Here's the thing though, Okay, Pro We've never seen anybody that have this kind of combination. Oh no. The raw foot speed, the strength and the technique and, And you see and endurance that, add endurance to that as well. But You see what she did, she started running fours. Mm. Yeah. Bobby Would make a a you gonna run the hundred, you gonna run the 200 to work on your foot speed? No. You know what? We gonna put you to 60 hurdles. Mm. Bobby will make his, he will make it put his athletes in situations where they're uncomfortable, right? So now when the moment arrive, normally, that's one thing you can say about Bobby Kurt's athletes, normally they perform very well unless they're injured. And a lot of times right, if they're even Nick Bobby ain't fooling with it.


He, that's, that's, that's a rarity for Bo If you are, if his athletes are, he don't care if it's a world. He don't care how big he says it's not worth the risk. I don't, I'm I'm not doing that. So I have the utmost respect. Quincy Watts, he's another trainer. He trains Michael Norman. He trains Rob Benjamin. So I think Fred Curley is in that group out there too. I don't know if he directly worked with Fred, but you look at Sid, obviously unprecedented. Now remember Ocho, she didn't even contest the worlds last year. That's why Fem Cabo won that world championship. Sid didn't contest it Right? She would have no world title.


If Sid can contest that s is about to be four, four World championships, two Olympic goals broke the world record six. It's my record. I broke it, Right? It's mine. It's gonna, it's it's gonna be three goals. But go ahead. Yeah. Oh yeah, she, oh, she, she gonna, she gonna run a leg. She's definitely gonna run the leg on there. But I, I'm impressed by this. She, she's very, very impressive. Remember she made the Olympic team, what, 17? Yeah, But you could see That's, that's crazy. And congratulations, Sid. We got a little something coming for your weight. Damn man. My pockets, how much I'm down now Ash, How much we down?


I, We might Be, Hey, listen, hey, lemme tell you what God said, man, don't forget what it said in the Bible. What God loves the cheer forgiver, whatever. The giveth, the comeback tenfold is God's. Hey, don't forget that. That what he said. I don't know what, yeah, whatever. God loves the cheer giver, right? And, and what we doing now, we paying our tithe. And you know what happened when you pay your ties, he allows the cup to run it over after that. So don't worry about it. Whatever you, whatever we done had to pay well for these three weeks, these Olympics, we gonna get back tenfold. Well, I'm telling you My, my, my cup. My cup by empty.


It ain't running. He need to put, he need to put something in there because right now it ain't nothing in there. Hey. there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from K craft singles, Keebler, trist, Ziploc, and helmets for lunchbox surprises. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions, visit Safeway dot com for more details. I'm Victoria Cash and I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes.


So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com. And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. BGW Group Boyd, we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours, but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer fit.


Cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoke some of real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy you. Won't be disappointed. Want to teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start. Greenlight can help with Greenlight. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money.


Confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs, and the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free. At greenlight.com/iheart Dearest listener, allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights, craft clothing that embraces everybody's shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm snag has triumphed. Permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders.


Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit snag tights us to today. Grant Holloway wins the gold in 110 meter hurdles. Holloway is the first American to win the a hundred meter hurdle gold. Since Aries merit the world record holder with 12.80 in London in 2012, he's followed by American Daniel Roberts in second taking the silver Freddie den, ranked fourth in the world, couldn't complete the podium suite, suite.


He finished six. He was a nurse and abductor injury and you know, he even jogged the opening heath and said, I'm gonna take my chances. Right? So he kind of got injured in between the trials and leading, coming in, right? Rasheed Broad of Jamaica took the bronze. Who was that? Noah Lyes won by what? 5000th of a second. Daniel Roberts beat broad belt by 3000th of a second. Holloway led from start to finish. You know, he's got a tremendous start and he wins in a time of 12.99. Luong of China still holds the Olympic record. So Congratulations grad Holloway.


I think he's a little upset. I think he wants more sponsorships. He says, I don't have a watch deal. I, I don't know who goes in the track And field. Track and field is not a, is not a sport like football. It's not a sport like basketball. Baseball is not one of these major sports. So unless you're Usain Boat, you know, there have only been a handful of, I'm talking about America now. I don't know what the, the, the, the right, the international, I don't know what they get. I don't know what Carston Warhol make and I don't know, but I'm just talking about both. And I know Carl Lewis, what he got paid, Carl Lewis was, was, was you kinda, like you saying, got the big dollars to go to the meat show up at the meets Michael Johnson.


But us saying is a different animal. So unless you're USA the likelihood of those big, big dollars coming. Yeah, it ain't, but I, I think, I think it is, it is possible though it's possible to get the big dollars and run track. But you have to be, you have to be a personality. You have to, you have to, it you have to force yourself or, or be able to force the people to want to see what's gonna happen. You have to have some type of, some type of personality about yourself that it makes those companies want to pay because they know when you're getting ready, when you get ready to run, the visibility of their products going to be seen on you.


Right. You, you get what I'm trying to say. Yeah, but you have to, so you Can't just, you can't, you can't just be someone that that wins all the time because that does nothing. But when you add the personality and the, and like this type of aura or where everyone has to gravitate towards you even look even a little bit of trash talk. I think it's, it's kind of frowned upon when it comes to track though. But, but you, you, once you add that personality to anything that you do and you're good at it, O Joe Sky's the limit sponsor. Sky's the limit after that. Sponsors Like who they like. Sid doesn't say a word. You watch Sid, she stone faced when she walks on the track. Yes. And yeah, you right, it's different. Carl Lewis didn't do anything. Michael Johnson didn't do anything.


Sponsors like who they like OCHO can't Ocho. That's the only thing we Can't get. That's think, we think we do a great job at what we do. I think we do, right? I think we put a, I think we, we create great content. I think we have great graphics. We do a great, we do, we do. We spend a lot of money on graphics and editors and social media. There ain't no lack, but I can't get mad if sponsors wants to spend with Joe Rogan and not us. I can't get mad, right? Because they wanna spend with new heights and not us or busting with the boys or who's your daddy. We just got a career content and then hope sponsors like, okay, wow, they got a big following. People know who Nightcap is. They know Club Shahe, they like unc, they like Ocho. We think there's a way that we can come together and make something happen, right?


I mean, but if I, but if you got, if you got in the track and field think you was gonna make LeBron James money or you gonna, Well maybe Not. You gonna make Patrick Mahomes money. You saying the you Ocho, right? Usain won three Olympic go. First of all, there hadn't been a whole lot of men to repeat the double. He tripled the double Mm. He broke the world record. He broke the world record again. He broke the world record in the 200. He lowered it again. He ran time. They said at some point in time the human body can't run that fast. He went sub nine seven, he went sub nine six, he went, yeah, but You gotta understand not only was he winning, he was a huge personality Yes.


Personality that everybody wanted to watch. When you add that other dynamic to outside of just winning, I don't care if you was a goddamn steeple chase or what's the walk, what's the walk, what's the one that do this? The A race walking. Yeah. If you even you was a race walker. If you, if you are a race walker and you got some type of personality and you add that dynamic to you winning, oh they coming, they coming Ocho. But think about it, his last name is Bolt. He's faster than ocho. Yeah. It just made sense. Yeah. Hey, hey, everything, everything aligned and you run track. Your last name is Bolt and you run track and you're fast.


What we gonna, what we gonna do with that Ocho? Yeah, You right, you right. Hey, the Old saying we used say, boy, that boy faster than lightning. Yeah. This man named his actual name is us saying bolt, lightning bolt, Right? Yeah. Everything sometimes the stars, they sometimes the the stars align Line. Yeah, they were, they were, they were Ocho let's see, I think I'm pronouncing this right. Let to Bogo wins gold to BOGO in the 200 meters final with a time of 1946, I believe. Had he not celebrated that is a sub 19 four run.


Yeah. Oh, you saw, you saw him put Up do this. He celebrated, he's the first bon swan to win Olympic and to win gold in the, in Olympic history. He's the first Botswanan. Wow. Kenny Nerrick took silver. Noah low took bronze to Bogo. He lost his bomb about three, four months ago. If you look at the side of his shoe, I think it had 12 23 80. That was the day that was the birthdate of his mom. So she couldn't have been more than 44, 43 maybe. She, she hadn't had a birthday yet. So she was 43 years of age. Right. Let, Seele is 21 if I'm not mistaken.


So she was fairly young and it meant a lot. It meant a lot to him. What's what gave me pause that no one could pull this off is that I saw this young man run low 44 in the open four. So that tells me he's strong. I don't know if you missed, I don't know if y'all missed it, but he missed the podium. He ran nine eight. So he has the speed And, if you go back and study, there was a time, I think Noah Lyes ran like a 1950. He ran 19 57, 19 54 or 56, something like that. So, okay, he's been running 400 meters, building up his strength.


He has the foot speed. He ran 9, 8, 9, 8, 3, 9, 8, 4, something like that. So he has the foot speed now he has the strength to carry that and he's running, mom was pushing him Mocho. Yeah. Yeah. She had her hands in his back. She said, I got you today son. Yeah. Oh man. He, hey He ran a beautiful race. Listen, from start to finish every phase, every transition that happens when you come outta those blocks, he did to a T He did it to a T. He got out beautifully. And the fact that he was, the fact that he had such a lead by the time that they got to the, by the time they got about a hundred and by the time they got to about 110, 120 meters, it was a wrap.


Yeah, you could, you could tell Yeah, it was A wrap because No, nobody was catching him. He Had Kenny Nerrick, Kenny Ner run, he runs sub 19 six. Yeah. He had him in front of him. So I got something to look at. Yeah. I just thought that was a lot of dis coming Off Coming off the curve. Coming off The curve. Yeah. I thought that was a lot of distance for Noah because you gotta spend a lot of energy because the is not a slow And he has Endurance, he has strength to hold it. Yeah. Yeah. So matter of fact, when I, when I think about it, when I watched the race on, and I'm not gonna use the excuse about Noah being sick by Covid or, or, or, or having covid forget all that. I, I, I think maybe it, maybe it affected him, but he had so much come out him when he ran that a hundred.


Yeah. If he was the witness 200 today, I think he would would've had to come out them damn blocks and catch the stagger coming off the curve. They would've had to be even, I think they would've had to be even and not him having to come off the curve and then think down the straightaway, okay, you know what, I'm gonna catch people like I do in the hundred on the latter back half when you can't because you done gave 'em too much goddamn ground coming, coming off the curb. Yeah. You not, you not running against nobody slow. You running against somebody that can maintain their speed as they go. Let's just say, let's just say for the sake of argument, nor Lou is healthy and to Bogo is running like he did today.


Yes sir. Well, they're both gonna be in the low 19 threes. Yes sir. They're both gonna be in the 19 threes. We're gonna see something extremely special. I'm just, like I said, I understand, you know, COVID, I guess it, it affects your lungs and your ability to, to to oxygenate, bring in oxygen, get out, you know, carbon dioxide. I don't, I'm not Look Did you, did you, did you, did you have covid fever? I I've never had it. I never had it. No. I I I never had it either. But I mean those that I know that around me, I asked them what during that time, how it made you feel. It made you feel weak. Yeah. It made you feel weak. You had to drink a lot of fluids. So understanding that he had the symptoms of covid and then you were able to come out there and run and steal bronze, knowing what it does to the body.


Right. I mean, I mean, commendable steel, commendable steel to get bronze knowing that you just tested positive for covid, you know, two days before that. I mean, no excuse, but it is what it is. But we've all had upper respiratory and you know what it's like when you have a upper respiratory, it's hard. Yeah. And trying to play football. I've tried to play football with those man and it ain't easy. Yeah. And I can just imagine trying To you can you damn, you could barely breathe shit. Barely breathe. And I'm in Denver. Which, which exacerbates which The altitude is even worse. You making, making it worse. But let's, let's give, let's see. Lecha boggo, his, his, his flowers, he won, I think they got a silver medal a couple years ago with Rhodesia.


Maybe that was 2012. Was that 2012 when Rhodesia broke the world record in 800 from Kenya. And I think they have a young Botswanan right. That got the silver. Okay. I like it. They had 12 athletes. They got nothing in Beijing. They got a silver. This is Botswana Olympic. Oh. They got a a 800 meter runner. Oh, he got a silver and, okay, okay. London. Okay. Okay. Hey, hey. Mo, my my, oh my my daughter. My daughter say she watching. Hey baby. Hey Mo, how you doing? Tell yeah mo you rakes me too. You you beat your daddy.


I you, you can make you some money too. So Ocho, they've won a grand total of three medals. They've got a silver, a bronze, and now they got Bota. Botswana. Botswana. Okay, but what, what events though? I know. Well obviously they just won the 200 meters, if I'm not mistaken. I think, I think they won, they got a a, a silver in the London game in the 800 meters. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. I like it. And he was young too. 21. Oh wait, in the hundred. The London games. Okay. Yeah. That was, that was what you call him, right?


He was Botswanan. Yeah, Quala. I, ike Quala. They have another 400 meter guy that's really good. I don't think he meddled anything like that, but Right. Yeah. Four by four. Yeah. They got, they had a nice relay team. But to Bogo is, is, is is ain't ain't to be played with. He, he liked that. He, he, he's, no, he's really, really like that. So, yeah, I I understand you've, this was an upset because Noah Lyes was, he's a three time Was the, was the favorite. Yeah, he was the three time defending world champ. He was running some of his best.


We've seen him run down Kenny Benner at the trials. We've seen him run down Arian Knighton. We've seen him beat to Bogo head to head. But today it just wasn't meant to be. Yeah. Let's see. To BOGO Gold in the 200 Kenny Barner silver, Noah Lyes, bronze Arian Knighton missed the podium again with the got a fourth. He just missed the podium. He, Noah Lyes revealed after the race he tested positive for Covid telling NBC he was feeling really, really horrible. But he never considered dropping out of the field. He is trying to win sports. First Olympic double in the 102 hundred since Usain Bolt did it three times in a row in Beijing, London, and Rio.


The first American since Carl to do it in 1984, ain't a whole lot of women. That's done, ain't a whole lot of men that's done it. Yeah. Ain't a whole lot of women that's done it. Right. It's difficult. That's a difficult treat, man. You know, you know how much any you, you energy you are exerting when you have to win one race, then to come back and do it again, then you gotta four round qualify. That's eight. Well that's, well, that's a lot on the body man. It's, it's, it, it absolutely. Lets, okay, Ocho now it's time for a, we had a very special guest this morning on Oh yeah. A good one. Ladies and gentlemen, you're gonna love this.


She is. It's a good one. Unbelievable. Trust me, I've seen some of her interviews, but to get an opportunity for OCHO and I to interview her, she's unbelievable. Here as I sit down with America's 200 meter champ, gold medalist, legend, Gabby Thomas. Ready? I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Ocho we have a very special guest joining us, the reigning 200 meter Olympic champ. She's a member of the winning World Championship four by one. She ran a blistering third leg. They qualified this morning with the fastest time, even though they had a little hiccup between her TT and herself with the exchange.


They're gonna correct that. Gonna win another gold medal. We're gonna talk about her possibly running on the four. Running a leg on the four by four. Welcome us ladies and gentlemen. Gabby Thomas, Gabby, Big guys, let's go. I forgot to mention she also has a, a undergrad degree, degree in neurobiology and she has a master degree master's degree in epidemiology. Is that correct? Ooh, that's right. And she's current, currently employed at the, in, in Austin where she serves underprivileged, underprivileged women. Is that correct? Also? Yeah. I volunteer at a healthcare clinic where I, I provide healthcare services to people who don't have health insurance.


Ooh, that's dope. Okay, I I have a question. What you doing as much as you're doing, especially with, when it comes to academics, how do you manage balancing your academics? I mean, hold on. How do you balance, manage, balance your athletics, whether academic pursuits and neurology and sleep, epi, how you say it? How you say it? Epidemiology. Epidemiology. Yeah. How do you balance the two? Well, I think because I started out as an NCAA athlete. Yeah. You know, all collegiate athletes, it, it's hard, it's hard to balance it, but you kind of figure it out and you make it work. And so I was juggling a difficult major and track and field. And while when I was running in college, track and field wasn't quite at the level that I'm running at now, we were still very committed to it.


Like we were, we were training like really elite D one athletes. Like we were going to LSU or like we went to Oregon and stuff like that. So I kind of got the ropes in in college and then the transition from college to pro was just, it was easier. Wow. That's totally, lemme ask, lemme ask you this, how much pressure, because you got the bronze at, at the last Olympics. You got the silver, if I'm not mistaken, at the past worlds, you are the face of this big ad with Toyota. You are the face of this now Ika Jackson, she steps out. That's even because there was pressure on you to do better than what you did at the last Olympic. Now Shaka has withdrawn.


Now there's a ton of pressure. We had Justin Galland Hoodle or a world champion. Yeah. And an Olympic champ. We had Michael Johnson, a world champion, Olympic champ. He, he said sometimes the things that can weight an individual, an athlete down is expectations. How much or what type of burden were the expectations. You are the face of this Toyota ad. Okay, Gabby, you out there, okay, we see you. You better bring home gold. I know I, everyone kept texting me talking about, oh, I see you on Toyota everywhere. Like before trials, even before I even made the Olympic team, you know, they were showing my face on the Toyota ads everywhere. So I hadn't even become like the Olympian yet. So there was definitely a lot of pressure.


And for me in 2021, like coming from Harvard and not having any, you know, medals or having made any USA team, it was just a lot of fun for me. Like I was going out there and running and no one had any expectations. So I was having a great time. I was like, all right, let's go. Let's go wind up next to Alison. Felix, let's go see what happens. It'll be great. And then as soon as I made the Olympic team, it changed. And then as soon as I got a bronze medal, it changed. Now suddenly people are talking about, okay, if you don't medal now you know that's an L, right? If you don't make this team next year, you know, that's a big L. And so it immediately changed my mindset. And then even going into this year, yeah, I'm going in as a favorite. And there, I mean, I was telling people before I even stepped up to the line for my prelim, I have never felt this type of pressure before in this, in my entire life.


I mean, you walk, you walk out there and you're just, you're by yourself. Like you don't have a team to take that loss with you. If you someone messes up, there's no, there's no redo, there's no next play, there's none of that. It's like, alright, you're gonna go out there by yourself in front of 80,000 people and then, you know, the millions of people watching a home And, if you don't get it right in this one moment, especially in the short sprints, right? It's over. So it, it's definitely a lot of pressure. But for me, me, I practice like I meditate, I, I practice like focus. So if you can dissociate in that moment, you know, that separates the good athletes from the great athletes. If you're over there on the line thinking about how many people are watching you, you're gonna mess up. And you can, you can see it in people's faces when they line up to the line.


You can see, you can tell, wow. When you're watching an athlete, you look in their eyes and you can see like, okay, this person has figured it out. They're about to knock this race out. And someone who's scared and they're like, all right, this is gonna be, they're gonna have to fight for this. Before you go to the line, before you line up, before you go into the blocks, do you envision the race and play it out in your head before you actually run? Because when I think from a football standpoint, I, I will look at the first 15 plays are always scripted, right? Yeah. And so when we, before we go into a game, I envision what the route will look like regardless to who's in front of me and how I'm going to execute it. Do you do that as a runner right before a big event with that kind of pressure on you? A hundred percent. I had envisioned that race a hundred times, at least before I ran it over the last week.


I envisioned every single, like I envisioned the walkout getting into the blocks, right? The first couple steps I envisioned, like the middle end who's outside of me. I, I ran it through my head so many times to the point where I could have ran that race with my eyes closed. That's how perfectly I wanted to feel comfortable in that race. Now, when I actually won, like, that was a different story. I couldn't have envisioned, you know, how that was gonna feel what I was gonna do. But every single step, what I was gonna do, I had already pictured in my head, in my head, I had already won. Like, I was already the Olympic champion. And so I had to go out with that mindset. Yeah. Gabby, I watched you in this race and what surprised me is that you had a tuneup race before a pre-Olympic race. Oh yeah. And you raced Jill Alfred, you raced Deena, Asher Smith.


Nita was also in that race, and you did not get out in that race like you did in the Olympic final. What did you learn? Because you gave up too much of a cushion. You're like, I ain't making that mistake again. I'm not making that mistake again. No, that race, really, that was a wake up call for me. So first of all, I wanna start off by saying, so that was the London Diamond League race. Yeah. It's very difficult. A lot of our races are overseas. Mm. Right? And when you train in the United States, that is very difficult. So for me, you know, the time I knew going in that, that, that girls, those girls have been in Europe, so I had to get off a plane line up, and I knew, I'm like, all right, I'm a little jet lagged right now, so it's gonna be tough, but we're gonna make this happen.


And so that's what jet lag looks like. Okay. You, you, you feel like you're, you feel like you're ready, you might feel ready, you're fit, you're fast, whatever. But that 1% difference is everything, right? So when I got off that curve in that race, and I realized how far behind I was, I, I was maybe not the end. I was like, oh, shoot, like I might actually lose this race, and you don't wanna go into the Olympics, a loss on your belt. It's just not good for your confidence. So I everything I could to win that race. But the thing is, it just gave me confidence because I knew I could win anyway. So I knew I could win, even if I was 30 meters behind the field. I was like, I'm gonna figure out a way to win. I knew I could win if I came off the turn in front, you know, in the mix or dead last.


So it gave me that confidence going into the Olympics, and it really just became a question of, you know, how am I gonna win this race? Am I gonna, am I gonna get out well or am I just gonna have to fight for it? And so it was less of a question of if I'm gonna win. It was more so like, how am I gonna win? The thing that I like most about you is that you didn't panic. Because a lot of times we see people in races, like you said, you got off a plane, you jet lagged, and you're like, well, I don't have it today, but I'm okay. Or panic in the race. And it makes, it makes the exacerbates the situation. Yeah. They tense up, you relax. Yeah. And says, I believe I still have my training and the foundation in which I put forth. I believe I still can catch these, these women. And in the last 20 meters, I'm like, where does she come from?


Exactly. Exactly. And that's the, you gotta go into the race with confidence and trust in the training and trust in everything that you've done. And that's what I did. The worst thing you can do is panic intense up in the sprint. I mean, every little thousandth of a second counts. And if you're stressed out, running, panicked, you know, that's it. Ga Gabby, have you thought about it? I, I don't know. And and there's some speculation that Sid, this might be Sid's last 400 meter, 400 hurdle race, and she might be looking to go to the open 400. There have only been a handful of people. Valerie Briscoe Hooks did it. She won the two in the four, in the 84 Olympics. Mo Marie per did it in 96, along with Michael Johnson.


A lot of people don't realize that, but in that same Olympics that Mike doubled, the French one, French woman, she doubled. Is that something that you've thought about going up to the 200 and maybe challenging asking the, the federation to say, you know what, could y'all stagger this a little bit to give me a little bit more time to recover? Or maybe the one two or maybe the two, the two format? Have you thought about something like that? You know, I have thought about it. And even, you know, for our Olympic trials this year, I really was gonna double, I was gonna do the 400 and the 200. Ultimately, we decided that this was my year for the 200 And. we were gonna focus on that alone. So I dropped out at the last minute, but I've definitely considered it. I think for now it's just been like, all right, let's make this happen.


Let's get an Olympic gold under my belt so I can, I can get that title and keep it. But I think in the future, absolutely, I'm gonna have to prove to the world and to myself that I have what it takes to double, you know, Michael Johnson had already set the precedent, like everyone we knew, you know, he was gonna go out and double and make some noise in both events. So you need someone who's really going to show up in both events and be a gold medal contender. And I, I definitely do see myself in the future being that in the 400, but right now we got, I mean, like you said, we have a, a steep, steep pool of four oh meter runners. I mean, even Sydney, you know, she could, she could stop the hurdles and run the 400 and it would be insane. So I would have to step up Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to Deals time now through August 15th.


Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from all free and clear detergent for a healthy routine. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours, but Oscar Meyer doubles that time.


Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed, Dearest listener.


Allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights, craft clothing that embraces everybody shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm. Snag has triumphed permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious chu rub shorts crafted with moisture, wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit Snag Heights us today. The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet, because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.


You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip at visit myrtle beach do com. That's visit myrtle beach.com. Oh, hey, we are invited to the Johnson Summer Pool party this Saturday. I said we'd bring our famous potato salad oh Saturday, but that's when the blinds guys come in to give us a quote. Those appointments take forever. Oh yeah. I meant to tell you, I already found everything we need@blinds.com. They're totally online so we don't have to wait around all day.


Just to get a quote, I talked to a blinds.com designer and they're sending us free samples. Oh, Blinds.com I've heard of them. Yeah, they've been been around for over 25 years, but not everyone knows. They can also handle the measuring and installation for a fraction of what the other guys charge. Plus they have a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Well, blinds.com sounds like a no-brainer. Guess I'll cancel already Done that gives you time to make the potato salad. Ugh. Yes, dear Shop blinds.com Now for summer savings up to 40% off Sitewide, up to 40% off@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Are you in the pool for the four by four? Would you like to run a leg on that? Because we sell Allison Felix, we've seen Abby Steiner do it and you can run sub 50. And that's saying something. Absolutely. Oh, you wanna, absolutely. I was, I wanna leg. Absolutely. Look, I, I ran my quarter this year. I went to world relays this year. I ran that, that leg for Team USA. I got us qualified. So I absolutely, I'm in the pool. We've had some practices. We don't know the relay order yet. You know, it's always gonna be a surprise for Team USA because it's gonna be whoever is ready on that day. Yes. So we gotta see how the, we gotta see how the quarters look in the, in their finals. We gotta see how people are looking in practice. We gotta see how I look in this four by one tomorrow. So we're gonna see how everyone looks and then the relay coach decides who's on it.


But I absolutely wanna spot. Absolutely. I like it. I, I'm, I'm, I'm more, I'm more curious. I like the fact that something that you were able to do, something that I was very horrible at is the fact that you were able to balance academics and still excel at your craft. I was horrible at it as someone who also went to Harvard. Right. I one semester. Just one semester. Did you have an advantage based on your academic pursuits in neurobio biology and sleep epi, Epidemiology. Epidemiology. Right. Does that Yeah. Give you an influence and different perspective on health and fitness? Because when it comes to health, I eat McDonald's, I still get you today. Throughout the entirety of my career, I, I ate McDonald's.


Does it give you an advantage, you know, in different perspective on health and fitness? I think so. I think in college I had a very good and deep understanding of the importance of sleep and the importance of my health and how that affected my recovery. Right. And you know, as an elite athlete, recovery is at least half the battle. And in track and field, I would say it, it's definitely the majority of the battle, right? And so having that actual understanding of what's going on and what happens when you only get six hours of sleep a night, you know, instead of nine or 10, right. Like that, that definitely did make a difference. I had an appreciation for it. And when you actually understand why you're doing something you're doing, you definitely are more committed to it. So I was committed to that discipline and I, that discipline is what got me to where I am today.


Because I was never like the most talented athlete. That's why I didn't go to one of those, you know, really crazy track schools. But I was very disciplined and I did everything correct. I did everything right and it got me here. And I think it's because I had that education, right. And I had that background and that foundation That's, I I Read Go ahead Ocho. Yeah. And just for the people that listen, if you listen to her answers, there's one word that she said three times, one word. If we all had this, we would all ex excel in whatever it is that we do. And the key words she kept saying over and over was discipline. And that's we all struggle with. Yeah. I read that Allison Felix is one of your biggest inspirations and you count mind your stride patterns. She's a long strider, elongated strider. So yourself.


So have you had an opportunity to talk to Allison since you won the, the goal? Oh, I haven't gotten to talk to her since I've won the goal, but I see what she had to say about my, about my race. And I, it's such an honor. Just the fact that she's watching me just has me so excited and like, I dunno, the little girl in me is like screaming because she, you know, she, she believed in me for like the race. I saw her walk through my race on video and talking about, oh, she looks so great, just walking up to the line. And then I got out song and hard and then held on. She's like, no one's catching me. And I was just like, this is such an honor. I was so excited. But I spoke to her before the Olympics and you know, she gave me advice and she told me to just keep doing exactly what I've been doing, enjoy the moment.


You know, everything that I've done to get to this point means I'm, I'm moving in the right direction. And so I just need to trust in my training because she's been through this and she's like, I know what it's like to be the favorite. She knows what it's like to go through the pressure. And so to hear that coming from her, I was like, all right, you know, you're right. I got this, you coach, I'm just gonna keep doing what I'm gonna do. You're coach Tonya Buford Bailey. She was a 400 meter hurdle guy. A hurdler. I remember that race between her and Kim Batten when they was separated. They both went under the world record. So what is your training like? Because obviously you training, I think you training Austin or Texas, some part of Texas. Yeah, it's hot wherever, wherever part of Texas Hot It's hell hot. And so what has she been able to help you with, guide you with to help Gabby Thomas get to the pinnacle?


Coach Bailey is the best. She is the best coach, mentor. She's such a mom figure. And she was an elite athlete herself. Like she has Olympic medals. So I mean our, I trained like a four oh meter runner because, you know, she was a 400 meter runner and she loves having us run. But mainly like she understands what it's like to be on the circuit. Like she understands what it's like to be an elite track runner. She guessed that it is a doggy dog world. So having her like in my ear when I'm going to races, when I'm lining up before the Olympics, like telling me, you know what, you just gotta do what you gotta do. You gotta figure out how to win. And she taught me just how to win races and you know, we can go and talk about, you know, this form stuff all day long.


We can talk about you could do that, but at the end of the day you have to figure out how to win races and win when it matters. And that's what, that's what she knows how to do. And she knows how to coach me how to, to do that because she's been through it. Right. That that's the good thing. Winning when it matters most. So before the race, I'm just curious, I I'm, I'm not very superstitious, but do you have any pre-race rituals or superstitions you might have before a race? Absolutely not. I don't do any of that superstition stuff. I don't believe in it because, because it doesn't matter. I, you know, it's like it, something goes wrong before the race, it doesn't matter. Right. Like if I forget a spike or it doesn't, none of that matters. Like you just have to go out there and figure out to win. If my nail color is not the certain color that none of it matters.


Right. You know, and like, we just don't, I don't do it that way. My coach doesn't do it that way either. She just told me to go out there and be a killer. That's the last thing she said to me. And so I like it. You've had one of the best seat in the house over the last five or six years. This US versus Jamaica. Not only on the men's side, but on the women. You know, they have Shelly Ann, they have Elaine Thompson Herra, they have Sika Jackson, and before they had Stewart and they had so many great runners and yourself and Alison Felix and this one and that one. So what's that rivalry like? Do you, do you feel it's a rivalry? Do you know what's at stake when the green, black and gold stepped to the line and you got the stars and stripes?


Yes, absolutely. I mean, I grew up watching this rivalry. It's so fun to watch. I mean, Jamaica has some heavy hitters and for me, unfortunately, like coming into professional track, I came in when they were just at that top. Yeah. Like I was running, I guess Elaine, you know, I was, I was just in those races. And so it was very intimidating for me. But you respect them so much. I think that right now we are in such an amazing era of American women sprinting like the, we are really crushing the game. But you know, it's a back and forth. It's a give and take. It's a push and pull. It's a back and forth. Like, you know, when one of us drops a crazy time, the Jamaicans don't wanna see that they're gonna, they're gonna snatch it right back and vice versa.


And I think that's really cool. 'cause we're really bringing women's sprinting to new heights. Like it, we're just such a good product right now because of that rivalry. And even, you know, having Sika out this year, it, it's really unfortunate to not have your reign world champion in, in the race, but it's just part of that give and take. You know, this is not her year. Just like it wasn't my year last year. And she will be back And. we will go at it, you know, she'll get back healthy. It, it's really hard to be really fast for a long time and stay healthy as y'all know. Like this is, it's really hard on your body. Yes. To be at the top of the game for a while. It takes a lot of management, a lot of planning. And thankfully my coach and I had planned this year perfectly, but I know she'll be back.


So, you know, we can't, we can't say get complacent with it because that's, that's the sport. It was Jamaica versus USA. Yeah. I forgot about the great 200 meter run of Veronica Campbell Brown who dumped her. Yes. Who her and Allison used to go back and forth before Elaine Thompson Herra and Sika Jackson got to it. Yes. The mayor of your hometown in North Hampton, Massachusetts say they will honor you with a Gabby Thomas Day growing up as a little girl. And you look at yourself now, think you're 27 years of age. Could you have imagined your life, say you're five, six years old back then and you look at your life now, could you have imagined this Gabby? Absolutely not. I really could not.


And you know, I, I had dreams of like being a doctor, being an actress, but you know, little kids, they'd say that stuff, but I couldn't have never imagined that I would be chasing dreams like this and actually achieving them. But, you know, I grew up in, my mom was such a hard worker and she went after her dreams and she always told me like, you have a light, you were gonna shine so bright and you were so special. And when you have a parent that instills that in you, you know, you start to believe it deep like in your core. And so I did, even though I didn't know what that would look like, I didn't know what I would go onto accomplish. Like I just innately knew that. And so I still carry that. And so I want, you know, my future children and any young girl who's watching me to believe that too. If you genuinely can believe that and think, okay, I can do something special, I am made for this, you can do it.


You, you just really have to believe it. And so I think that, you know, my career, my, my trajectory has just been, you know, showcase of that. That's awesome. I I have another question. Listen, we know Gabby Thomas, the academic scholar, we know Gabby Thomas, the job's not finished over in Paris right now, but we know Gabby Thomas. Yeah. The track superstar. Are there any hobbies or interests you do outside of track and feel that we don't know about that you enjoy? I other than like volunteering? Yeah. I have a dog. I, I love my dog. That's actually my baby. Yeah. Sweet dog. He's a pug and I mean, I just love spending time with him. We go on walks, we go to the park, we go to the lake. Austin is such an outdoorsy town or you know, kind of small city.


And so I just like to be outside, you know, hang out with my friends. I, I really have a very, very normal life. Right. Simple, simple. Like a very simple typical Yeah. Simple life outside of track and, and school and whatnot. So yeah. But can I ask you this, what's the biggest difference between running professionally and running collegiately? Because you're not running for books now, now you're running, this is how you pay bills. This is how you get that car. Yeah. This is how you keep a roof over your Head. Right? That's exactly right. I mean, okay. The biggest actual main difference is like the recovery. You have to rest. So for me, I think that was the hardest transition. It's saying no to your friends to do things all the time. Like you can't go to these dinners, you can't go to these parties and that's a commitment you have to make to get to this moment. To be a gold medalist.


That's the hardest pill to swallow I think, because it's easy to say, but in practice it's very hard. And also dealing with pressure, like I said before, like when you're in college, you're running so many races, you have a team that'll just kind of be there for you. And you know, if you lose, it's not the end of the world. But if you lose on a pro level, it, it really can be the end of the world. Hmm. So it's like, who, you know, it's like that, that's paying your bills, you're gonna have to go figure something else out if you lose races. And so it's like whoever can deal with that And, if you can't deal with it, you're just not gonna have a career. But if you can then, then you will. Can you handicap the 200 meters? We got Noah Lowes, who's the American record holder, he's the three time world champ. We got to bogo. Yeah. And to Bogo is nothing to sneeze at.


Yeah. He's run 9 8 2 in the hundred meters. He's run 1950 in the 200 meters and he went low 44 in the 400 meters. So he has the speed and he ha and he has the strength to really stay toe to toe. We got Kenny Barner. Hey we, we got Aryan Knight. You can't count out Tyson Degrass from Canada handicapped the 200 meters for us. Ooh. Ooh. I'm so excited for this race. Look, I, you said it best, I mean to Bogo you cannot count him out. He has shown incredible fitness this season and he has stayed committed. I mean, his 400 strength looks incredible. Arian is just a young prodigy.


He is, he's incredible. Kenny shows up and Kenny is very talented and he's looked really good through the semis. I don't wanna be biased, but like Noah really inspired me with that 100. He showed us that he will figure out how to win. Yes. Right. And I love to see that. That's what I, that's the best thing about athletes, that you figure out how to win and this is his bread and butter. So I, Noah looks amazing. He looks amazing. I, I cannot imagine him losing a race, but I mean, we're gonna have to see they all look so good Because it comes down to that moment. Who can handle that moment? Who can, who can be Yeah. Exactly. Their best self in the moment because it doesn't matter Exactly. Race tomorrow and somebody else might, might win race next week on the circuit.


Yeah. And somebody else Right. Might win. But today Exactly. Exactly. They're all capable of having that gold medal. All of every single one of them in that final can can have a gold medal in the Olympic 200. Yeah. When you, when you, when you look back, when you're, when it's all said and done, what legacy do you hope to leave both on the track and off the track? I hope to leave a legacy of giving back to your community for one. I think that is one of the best things you can do. And that's kind of what I was raised on, is how can you give back to society in a meaningful way? A legacy of showing that if you work hard, you will be successful and be kind to people.


I mean those three things right there and, and you're good. You're good. You, you will be successful. Yeah. I just, I want the younger generation to see that. Are they any more world records that the Americans can get? Will you guys challenge that, that 40.82 that the women ran in Beijing? Is that possible? Can we see Sid and fem cabal lower that 50.65 in the 400 meter hurdles for the women? Will we see Carston Warhol, Rob Benjamin, you have Alison Dos Santos we have So a samba. Yeah. From Cutter. Will we see anybody go up on World record in any of the remaining sprints American? I think so. I think, I think definitely they may, I think y'all are gonna have to open up your wallets a little bit because Whoa, whoa, whoa.


You spending our money Gabby? I hate to say, I hate to say it, but I do think, I mean, I think the four by one girls we can definitely challenge the world record. The previous world record team, they spoke to us just last week about it and I think we are very capable. And the the hurdles. Yeah, it's a wrap. It's a wrap tonight. I dunno if it's gonna be Ante or Sydney, but I think it'll definitely go down. Somebody's gonna have to run low if, if if Fmca beat Sid, she's gonna have to go low 50, maybe even sub 50. Sydney is in great. I'm talking about in great form. She's in great shape. Yeah, she's a flawless. I mean she can run, she can run the one, she can run the hurdle the lower for the women and be good.


Her technical, you can write Anything she Wants. She has tremendous strength coming into it. That 2207, that's still like what the eighth or ninth best time run at 200 meters. She's run 48, 75 at 400 meters. She's probably, if if she run her work at to get a start right, she might be sub 11 at 100 meters in order for, and I know Fem is unbelievable. She ran a blistering sub 48 SL on the anchor leg. We've seen her win the World Indoor at 49 17. But see is a different if she, this is an upset, I don't care what anybody tells you. Yeah. The fem kapo beats Sydney McLaughlin in the 400 meter hurdles. Ain't this is a huge upset.


Ain't happening. Ain't happening. Ain't happening Ka No sir. One thing s gonna do, like you said, it's all about moments and whenever that moment arises, She's always Good. She shows up to the occasion, always shows up to the occasion. Yeah, she has, That's one thing Bobby, the one thing, if you go back and study Bobby K's history, his runners at Big Meets, they perform if they, if they, if they line up, they run, they, they run well. Oh yeah. And so that's not the shortchange film FCA because she's been unbelievable. Yeah. I actually kinda wanna see that thing come down in the 400 meters. The four by four I won't see, could get the Batard at the same time.


And let's see what happened. Let's see what it's really about. But Matter of fact, I'm, you know what, my daughter, she's a freshman at University of Kentucky. She runs track at University of Kentucky. If there's anything that you can tell me that I can pass on to my baby, make sure she stays inspired and stays disciplined, is there anything you can tell me that I can pass on to her so she Oh absolutely. Continues to strive for greatness? Oh man. As a collegiate track athlete, I would tell her to just really focus on enjoying the process. Like I think what really makes a track athlete great is that they're enjoying the environment that they're in. Right. And that they're just, just taking in every moment of the process and focusing on getting better.


Don't focus on every time, don't focus on every single race. 'cause like you get so many races, just focus on the overall journey and getting better and track and field to sex to Sac is never gonna be, you know, a straight line. It's always gonna have ups and downs. Right. So she just needs to ride it out and, and enjoy it and she'll, she'll do great. All right. Gotcha. Gotcha, gotcha. Thank you Gabby, us at Nightcap wanna say how proud we are of you. I know our fans are very, very proud of you. So very, because of your huge big win, OCHO and I will be gifting you $25,000. We have your information and we're gonna get that to you asap. So when you get back to the state side, you definitely have a package courtesy of the back cap You got.


But, but one thing, wait a minute, but you gotta it by McDonald's just once. Oh, you got it. It's a deal. Hey Gabby, congratulations. I'm so happy for you. I'm so proud of you. Thanks Congrat. Good luck in the four by one and the four by four. Tell the ladies good luck. Thank you. Congratulations. And we'll see you down the road. Wait, Wait, wait. Do until Quincy Wilson, we gonna race when he get home too. I will do. Thank you. Will Do. Well give some rest. Thank y'all. Thank you for taking time outta your schedule. I understand you're very busy. Thank you for taking time outta your busy schedule. Gabby giving us a few moments of your time. I'm sure the Nightcap audience, our subscribers gonna greatly appreciate this interview. Yeah, they gonna appreciate it. Thank you so much and good luck.


Thank you. Thank you. Bye-Bye. Bye guys. Bye. The Volume Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals at earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Quaker International Delight, OCOS, Lalo, Starbucks, and Frosted Flakes for quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in-store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.


You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com. With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa, when she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's.


Whoa. The moment when the stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits. You've probably heard a lot about electrified vehicles lately. Well, Toyota has electrified options for every lifestyle. We've got hybrids, no plug needed. Let's go. But we also have plug-in hybrids. If that's your thing, you can even go 100% electric in the Toyota BZ four x. With so many options for reducing carbon emissions, Toyota is electrified, diversified. Learn more about our Beyond zero vision for the future at toyota.com/beyond zero.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all and visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com.