
This is Ashley Ginetti from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as


podcast. It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones these days. Those are Ozempic and Semaglutide. And with Future Health, you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years. And no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health,


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


These days it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit rocket.com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


You know you've gotta come back in you When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did you know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when call in the early stages, colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pays $0 and if follow up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had Aus have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas. Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for staying up late with us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Thank you guys. Please make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you so very much for your continued support. Make sure you check out Shay by La Portier. We have it in stock. If you can't find it any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to you. What better way to celebrate 2025? Hopefully your 2025 is going amazing. Sha by La Porter will make it even better. Please Drake responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you go follow my media company, all of it platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. We just dropped the Nightcap and Chill collection on Friday. The link is pinned at the top of the chat.


Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. The Hornets come to the Let come to la beat the Lakers. It was a rescheduled game. Remember they were supposed to play early in the year, but the Palisade Flyers forced this cancellation. So this was the makeup game, the only game on the docket tonight. And the Hornets come into LA and they win thanks to 29 points from Mile Bridges, 27 points from Lalo Ball who hit the floater that really iced the ball game. LeBron misses two free, throw two threes at the buzzer. But the Hornets win 197 Roy, Mr. Couple of freed up free throws and Austin Reeves got kicked out.


He felt he got filed, filed by Yusef IC and it was his first career ejection. And the Lakers lose to the Hornets, which was, it's inexcusable. No matter what happened with Officer Reeves, when you got Luca and you got LeBron, you still should have enough to win the ball game. But unfortunately they did not win. LeBron scored 16 in the fourth quarter, but it was not enough as the Hornets come to LA and win the game by the score of 100 to 97 ocho. Yeah, what you thinking? Hey listen, first off, I'm gonna skip right, I'm gonna skip the beginning of the book and I'm gonna go to the last page of the book.


Boy, the last few minutes of that game, unc, the last three minutes of that game, Lalo, LeBron, Lalo, miles, bridges, LeBron, but anyway, the first half, very rusty. Definitely you could tell they coming off a all star break from both teams, Luke and LeBron, early on in the game show shades of what, what they could have been. But those two would been, could, can be actually, you know, with those, with those fast grade points scores early in the game outside of that, it always come down to Rui at the end of the game. You gotta hit those free throws. You gotta hit those free throws to give your team a chance to put your team in position to win the game. Where it doesn't come to LeBron having to make one of those last three point threes at the end of the game.


Well, I'm, I'm looking at you. Right. It's gonna take some getting you, it's gonna take some getting used to LeBron and Luca playing together. You know, both guys are are at their best when they have the ball in their hands. And unfortunately there's only one basketball and there's two of those great players. And so it, it seems like, you know, nobody wants to step on anybody's toes. Ocho okay, hey Luca, you gonna, you gonna handle it? Hey, you do what you do LeBron, you do what you do. But it's gonna take a while and I don't know if they're gonna have enough time, you know, enough time to figure it out, okay, during this season, but hopefully in the off season next year they can get it together. But if you watch the last two minutes, the last two and a half minutes of this ball game, amazing the boys, all they did, all they did was put Luca in pick and roll Melo ball.


It doesn't matter. They tried, they tried to hedge it, they tried to double it. Lalo give the ball up, right? He go get it back and he brings Luca guy again. They put him in the pick and roll and they got a wide, they got a couple of wide open threes and then Lalo split, they ended up taking Luca out. They brought Vanderbilt in. But that makes 'em really small. So now they got no rim protection, right? Melo explicit gets down, hits the floater and basically that was the four point lead that they needed. LeBron ends up hitting a big three, but they have to file, they go make both free throws and then LeBron Miss two threes at the end. But Lucas's gonna have to get better than the pick and roll. They're gonna have to do a better job. They seem to be in control of this ball game. Yeah. And then I think they allow the Hornets to go on a 20 to something.


21, 22 to one run run. Yeah. I I I mean that can't happen. Right. I got a question for you too now. Yeah. You saying both players, LeBron and Luca both are comfortable liking to be on the ball. Luca tonight to me look very uncomfortable out there. I, you know, he's not used to playing without, he's not used to playing without the ball in his hand without the ball. So how long does it take or does LeBron understand that Luca likes to be on the ball? He's much more comfortable on the ball playing in rhythm like that. Especially in transition. So how, well LeBron, LeBron doesn't have a problem. LeBron is better at playing off the ball than Luca, although LeBron plays better with the ball in his hand.


But he's still more comfortable than Luca playing off the ball. But at the end of the, at, at the end of the day, Ocho, they're gonna have to figure this out and LeBron was like, okay, y'all do y'all thing and then all of a sudden the game starts getting outta hand. LeBron said f this, gimme the ball. I got it. I mean that's what it comes down to. Hey f this y'all I done gave y'all enough opportunities. Right? And but that third quarter is what doomed them and the Lakers that kind of been their bugaboo the last four or five years. The third quarter they come out flat. They have a what? Eight point lead? I think a seven to eight point lead to go into the half. Yeah. And then they got get outscored 32 to 18 in the third quarter. And so JJ iss gonna have to be, do a better job of of getting those guys fired up.


They can't come out their lap lackadaisical bull driving around because the next thing you know, a 13 point lead, they had a 13 point lead OCHO Yeah. In that third quarter. And now all of a sudden they end up going, basically they end up going down at, at in the third start to fourth. They're down up, you know, up seven had a lead as many as 13. And now you go down because you gotta outs score 32 to 4 32 to 14. It it fun. Listen, the game of basketball is, is a game of run. It's a game of run. Yes. Most of the time when those runs actually do happen, you wanna keep it as close as you can. You wanna keep it as close as you can, but sometimes listen it, it gets away from you. It gets away from you. Especially if you don't have a bench that can, that can score consistently and give you, and give you buckets when your starters aren't in there.


Yeah. And and Lucas Rusty right now, or you can tell he is rusty. Five of 18, one of nine from the three, he's averaging what, 14, 15 points a game? Yeah. I don't know if I've ever seen Luca play a stretch where he is averaged 15 points a game. He's due to have one of those games where he goes for 35, 40 10 or 11. He's due one of those games. Yeah. Officer Reeves getting kicked out didn't help because you know Austin is all, look, they got three guys that can really go get their own shop. LeBron Luca and Austin Reeves. Yeah. Everybody else is, is, is is dependent. Give me, give me a, put me in a situation, run a ball screen for me, skip pass, you know, hammer pass, do something, pin down.


Those three guys can go get their own shot. Okay. Lucas struggling. He's, he's rusty. Right. Really the only guy that could, that that, that's playing with Bland Diesel and LeBron didn't have it going early. It was like he just letting it go. 'cause if you look at LeBron, what did LeBron have in the light? I think he had 10 and a half. I don't even know if he scored in the third quarter. Right. And, and So, you know, it, it's so funny on how LeBron can pick and choose when to turn it on and when he turns it on, he's efficient. When he wants to take a game over and say, you know what like you, like you said and that, that that, that fourth quarter, I think he had 16 in the fourth quarter. Yep. And said, you know what, I got this, this, this is ridiculous.


Yep. But then they then they get, they get lax on defense leave wide open threes. Oh yeah, yeah. That's, that's the, that's their problem. It's always gonna be their problem. They really don't have rim protection. I don't, I don't know. Look I understand they needed a big, but it's hard for me to believe that Alex Lin is a better big right now even at Dwight Howard, age of 39. It's hard for me to believe Alex Lin. I'm not saying Alex, I'm not saying Dwight Howard is Orlando Dwight Howard. I'm not saying he's Houston Rocks Dwight Howard. Right. You don't matter of fact that, huh? Yeah. He might be the same. How Shark, but I have this, just think about this. Huh. Even though what you're saying about Dwight Howard being better at his age, has there ever been a scenario where a player who hasn't played, I'm not sure how long it's been since Dwight Howard been out the league, has there ever been a scenario like this where a certain position is need, maybe be big, maybe be forward, maybe be a point guard that hasn't played in a while and he's comeback despite his age because he is better than what you have on your bench?


Nah, it's hard when guys start, you know, start missing two a year. Two years, you know. Okay. I think the last time I'm, I'm trying to figure when the last time the white played, well hell, he's up for the Hall of Fame. So it's been a minute. Yeah. I mean real talk. It's been a minute. Right. But they don't, they don't really have any, they don't have any depth. Yeah. They miss ad But you tell me, you tell me if ad what team ad on and somebody says they offer you Luka, Dante that you're not gonna move it. Y'all make it seem like the Lakers, like the Lakers blew this. You talking a guy that's 25, that's that's six years younger. Yeah. Younger and less.


Forget for get Luca being Nick at the start of this season and missing all the games that he's missed. I think this is the first time he's gonna play le fewer than 60 games right. In his NBA career. But y'all talk about y'all calling him street clothes. Y'all call him always Dean, y'all caught. Now all of a sudden you make is having a little struggle that y'all miss ad y'all miss ad what team wouldn't trade. I mean there are a handful of teams that wouldn't trade their best player or their second best player for Luca Don. Right. Milwaukee probably wouldn't do it 'cause it's reported that Milwaukee, they brought the trade to Milwaukee and Milwaukee said no, Uhuh probably they wouldn't trade JT for him.


They wouldn't trade Yoic probably not gonna trade Shaa, but everybody else gain everybody else's gained. Right. That's crazy. So, but this is a disappointing loss. These are, I mean, if you try to make a, if you're trying to make a move, these are the games that you gotta, that you, they're gonna have to win. You are gonna have to win. So congratulations to the Hornets. They come to LA get a victory 100 to 97. I I I would like to be on, I would like to be a fly on the wall ocho in a situation like this where yeah, you a game that you should have won. Because even what the players that the Lakers have, I still believe they're a better team than the Hornets.


And you didn't win. I wonder what the coach said, because I know what a NFL coach would've said. Even been cursing and kicking ish. Yeah. It ain't no, Hey guys, you know, we just, yeah, we left some plays out there. We, you know, the 50 50 balls ain't none of that. You lose a game and, and, and, and your coach believed that you had the better team and it was because of effort to things like that. Oh yeah, yeah. Coach going losing his mind. Well, hey, it's, it's, it is, honestly, it's the third quarter. You could lock it on the third quarter. Third quarter got away from him. It did. It did. But but how many times did we, Chad, how, and y'all know if you follow the Lakers, how many times did we say the third quarter? We say that year after year after year after year.


Yeah. Yeah. Game after game after game after game. I mean, I mean at some point in time, I mean the, they, the lake, the coaches know that. The players know that. I don't really know what else there is to, to do or to say. Right. Except go out there and do it because it's not like we're we're breaking news. This is not No, no. You know, you gotta open the FBI files and, and and, and unsealed documents. They play terrible in the third quarter. Right. And this has been a reoccurring thing for the last four or five years. So I really don't, I really, I'm not, I'm not sure what the issue is. I don't need to be sure.


That's up to JJ Reddick and the coaching staff, Scotty Brooks, Nate McMillan. It's on them to figure that issue out. And the funny thing about it is JJ can talk about it all. He all he want, Scotty can talk about it all he want. Well it hell, when the players come out at halftime, they got to be the ones to execute it. They gotta be the ones that come out with the energy. They got be the ones to play on both ends of the court. On both ends of the floor. Yeah. Look, we know that the problem that Lakers gonna have with no ad is defense. Yeah. Because now they have no, no back line of defense. They really don't have a guy that, that's really good in the pick and roll defense. Yeah. And you see, like I said, the last two and a half minutes, all they did was go pick and roll the, the, the game they put Lu and pick and roll with Bello handling the ball and they got wide open threes and mellow ice the game basically with a floater.


I mean it's not complicated. Everybody, everybody see what's going on. I mean even the most like damn they running the same plate, one for high pick, put Luca to pick and roll. Boom. Get what I want. So that's on them to figure this out at some point in time, I'm sure Darvin Ham had this issue. Frank Vogel had this issue. Now JJ have this rich issue. Right? And a lot of these players, officer Reeves was there, LeBron was there, Rui was there. So at some point in time, even when AD was there when he was there, the third quarter's been their bugaboo. They're gonna have to figure this.


His shop, everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime credit build a card. This is a secure credit card. With no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp Bank NA or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do you know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humid door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Yuto Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit Famous Smoke dot com use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's Famous Smoke dot com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


These days it feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own your home rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 804 Rocket. That's 804 Rocket.


Steve Kerr told ESPN. He wasn't mad at KD for rejecting the traded golden state. I don't blame Kevin one bit for not wanting re rerun things here. It took so much itch for like, oh, you're jumping on the bandwagon and he, he's finals MVP two years in a row and it still, and he still gets criticized. So why would he want to face all the BS again, Katie respond. No comment. That's not the reason why I didn't want to come back. I just didn't want to get traded midway through the season. Do you believe KD A little bit. A little bit a a little bit of me believes him obviously. I think even though it was midway through the season, I think through the experiment in Phoenix, I I don't think it's worked. I think it's failed, obviously.


Oh, you don't fail. You think it's an absolute failure worker was an absolute failure. Yeah. That that was too. And I, I, I think, I mean for kd, I, I would, I don't wanna, I hate calling it ring chasing, but I would've went to the better situation obviously going back over there with Draymond Green and Steph and, and trying to run it back and trying to run it back again. And I think the missing piece for them to get them over the hump and probably give 'em the opportunity in the west would be KD going back. Because what's going to happen right now in Phoenix? Where you going in Phoenix? Nothing. You think? Nothing. Nothing at all. Nothing at all. But I think you wanna stay there and if you know KD know personally and you watching him from afar and you know his story. He loves the game of basketball, huh? Yeah. He loves the game of basketball and if, if he's gonna be behind the eight ball, he gonna do, he gonna scratch, crawl, do everything he can to have success down there in Arizona and, and leave out the right way.


I think the thing what, why KD was so successful, he didn't have to worry about anything but ball. Right. You see in Brooklyn he had to be a leader, you see? Oh see. And, and, and and in Phoenix he has to be a leader. Yeah. Steph took care of that. Draymond took care of that. Clay took care of that. So now he just gets to do what he want, really wants to do display. Which is who. Yeah. I don't gotta be, have no pep talk. I ain't gotta say pick this ish up. I ain't gotta do none of that. Right. I come in, I do what I do, I go home and chill. That's what he wants to do. Got no problem with that. A part of me, part of me does believe that he didn't want to get traded during the season. Say he want, you know, ride this lot with his boys. Ride out. What?


I mean what, I mean, where do you, where do you think you're going Katie? Listen, they, he, they, they started it off. They, they thought it was gonna work. They thought the trio would bill Devin Booker and him would, would work, would work some magic out there in the west. It it, it hasn't worked itself out. But I just think the fact that he's bounced around from Brooklyn, you know, went to Golden State, he didn't want to continue that same trend and be like, here we go again. You know, at some point what's gonna happen, problem moving. At some point when you in relationship So you get tired of moving on man, you get tired of moving on and, and sometimes you be like, you know what, I'm gonna just stick this one out. I know it ain't working, but I'm gonna stick it out and do everything I can until it's time to leave. And I can tell you when he is leaving in the goddamn summer.


Okay, so so what'd you do? All you did is lay the inevitable, you was miserable for another, another three, four months. Right? Because they're not going nowhere. They're not doing anything. Right. Right, right. They don't have any defense. They're just like, they're just, they're just like the Lakers. They got no defense. They got all those scores. I mean you got two guys that really is, is the same guy. Book is more athletic now and I think he's a better player. I don't think he is. I know he's a better player than Bradley Beal. But that saying you got all that scoring where you defense at now they get hot, you got on a give a night. Either any, any of those guys can go your 30 or 40. Now they've relegated Bradley bill to the bench 'cause they was hoping he would waive his no trade clause and then they could trade him and get Jimmy Butler.


But he is like, nah, I put that in there for a reason. Put that in there for a reason. Now I don't wanna go anywhere. I aint, I'm not going anywhere. Right. So Whether you want me or not, you know what I'm saying? Don't try. Hey. Yeah. Sometimes it's cheaper to keep him. Hey, that, that's, that's, that's crazy how, that's crazy how players you see the leverage NBA players have when it comes to stuff like that. He has a no he don't have no leverage. Ocho he got no trade clause. He and LeBron James one of the two players that have no trade. That's if he didn't have that, his ass was gone. I know. That's why I said leverage. That's, that's, that's all I meant. But you mean you you mean to tit up Me you don't want me because I'm not as playing as well as you thought I should. I'm trying to do everything I can. Obviously injuries are hampered me performing.


Performing to what we're used to seeing me play. Like, and I just got here and you trying to get me to uproot my family man child, please put this no trade clause in there is in there for reason. There's there's a reason why because there's there's a chance they got a man coming off the bench. They got him coming off the bench, aren't you? Yeah. Yeah. That'll be like you. They like, man, we wanna move you like, nah, I ain't going. Okay ocho you the slot, you the third receiver now third. Who You the third receiver now. Oh yeah. They, you must be talking about Madden third receiver. You got a no trade, you don't, they want to trade you, you don't want to go.


Okay. You the third receiver. Right. I guess you go in there, I guess you go in there and catch your, get your little three, four targets Sunday and come on home. Hey. Ooh, hey hungry. That's a lot of cardio. Boy, that's a lot of cardio. Damn. I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I never looked at it like that. But when you're making that kind of money, oh you want me to play what? Wait a lemme, lemme look at this. How much I making and that's all you want me to do. Okay. Bet I mean the competitors. Yeah. I mean that's wouldn't be happy.


Yeah, but I'm not gonna do anything to jeopardize that money. Right, right. Oh yeah. I mean Bradley Bill probably making 45, $50 million a year. My goodness. Okay, this all, hey this all y'all want me to do is get y'all 28 minutes a night, 30 minutes a night. And there really no strain on me 'cause I'm coming off the bench. I mean, look, he's going get me coming off the bench a lot of times you coming in there, they, you know, that's the second you going against the second unit. So I guess they say you can get your points that way. So you know the ball's gonna go to KD book first. Those are your first two options. Bradley Bial has never been a third option.


He's always been, he was, he was one two when he had John Wall, when John Wall left. You know, he was him. I guess he had, I think he had Russ, no, he had Russ for a year or two, but he was the first scoring option even though Russ had the ball in his hand. So he's never been like this, he's never been a situation where he's not used to being able to, to get as many shots as he want. He third option, no matter how you look at it. Right. That's what he one of the best third option. At the end of the day, you still a third option. Yeah. E you know what e even as a starter and I, I'm thinking about if I was a starter as at as as, as the number one, let's say I was the number one in Cincinnati, same scenario. I go to New England and I'm the third or I'm the fourth guy because the options in front of me are better at that time in that specific system, it does something to your psyche.


You know that right? It does seem to, I would say your word for it. I mean I wasn't, you know, I wasn't no like that. I wasn't no third option. No trouble. But I take your word for it. I believe you. Yeah, yeah. You go, you know, some sense, I I just figured what you want me to do. How do you want me to, I can't empathize before a situation. I haven't been, I have empathy for you. So you know what I'm gonna do on your, you don't empathy. Empathy requires you to divorce your ego. Right. Separate your ego and see yourself in a situ similar situation. So you know what, Ocho There you go. Here I go. I a third. I, man that's a bull job, man. Pretend, pretend you Bradley Bill right now I go from somewhere where I'm able to play freely. Now I'm coming off a bench where I can't take, I can't take a high volume of shots.


So now I'm messed up up here. Not only am I messed up here, when I do get on the court, sometimes I might hesitate because I'm not in rhythm. That means my shot efficiency in shot selection has to be that much better. Something to you. Well, look, I, I'm gonna tell you like, because I, I think when I got back to, I got back to Denver, rod was clearly the number one easy Ed was coming off a severe leg injury. So, you know, it was basically me and Ed fighting for two three. But I mean, there's some games I got. Oh, So you have two. So you had been in that position where you were the three? No, I was always, I finished. No, I never finished when I was on the team, I never finished.


No. Once I became what I became, I never finished worse than second and catches on the team. Okay. I, I understand that. But when I'm just saying I be fed, I be me, I, I I hear you me, you talking from a statistical standpoint, but I'm just saying you were the, you were the three No matter what. You I was not the three, I was two then Rod Smith, ed McCaffrey were the ones were the one and two. Ed Rod was one. I was two Ed, I was two A, ed was two B. Know what you talking about. Hey, it sound good. It sound good girl. Hey know y'all better. You better check me. You better check it Sound hop.


Hey, you tell me the time you seen a third receiver get two 14 in the game. Well what happen when somebody hurt? I, I mean what third receiver? You know, just saying I got you. I got you. Listen, listen, I with you I'm with but I, but I, but look, I understand. But for me, Ocho ah, they like man, dang man, I hey you ain't catching no passes. And and they used to ask me, I say bro, I got the check. Right. I deposited it clear. That's on y'all. I'm gonna make the same amount of money. See the the thing that I love about this is that I'm gonna make the, I don't get paid by the catch.


I don't get paid by the touchdown. Y'all wanna throw me 10? Y'all want to gimme 10 targets. Right. Fine. If you wanna gimme three targets, I'm gonna make the same amount of money. So I ain't stressing out. I said I, I'm, I'm too old now. Now if y'all about would've got me when I was in my twenties. Right. Y'all done got me in my damn 30. I got kids man. I'm finna get all this money I'm supposed to get. I ain't giving y'all his back. Right. And in, in, in a year or two I'm gonna take my black ass home anyway so y'all could have at it. I ain't got, man, I'm not stressing out about catching no passes. Right, right. I'm gonna make the same amount of money Ocho I'm gonna make the same. So Right. It wasn't no strain on me. Y'all throw it to me, I'm gonna catch it. Right. If you don't, you know, a 84, we probably should have gave you a more bro the game over.


Yeah. I ain't, don't telling me what y'all shoulda done. Don't do who the helping. All of this should make y'all mad because that's what y'all get paid for. My job is not to tell you what I'm open on your job to see it. Y'all tell me let the coaches coach the players going to play. I'm playing. I ain't calling it no plays now. What I would get mad about come fourth quarter 84. What you, what you like? I like for this game to be over with. Y'all been bull, y'all been bull driving for three and a half quarters. That's what I would like, I would like this game to be over with and so I can go on and get out.


Hey, nah, don't be asking me no question now. Hey y'all gonna spread it around, you know we gonna spread it around this week. You know. Hey, a b ready Rob B ready, sharp. Be ready. Backside of the backfield. Now all that spreading around is ain't work. Right. Hey, 84 what you, what what you like? I like for this issue to be over with. Y'all coming up with a game next week. I can, I can picture you saying that too. Yeah. Now, now all of a sudden Ocho we got five minutes left. Right. We down 14. What? I hated being in that situation but I hated Right, right. Getting no empty calories because when the game was MIP tongue hung in the balance.


Now we got four minutes, we down 14, we on the 10 yard line. What you looking, what you like? Okay. I like to have more opportunities in the first three quarters. Right. No, y'all keep calling. Y'all keep calling. Y'all keep calling what y'all was calling? Hey y'all tell man, hey, hey, hey. Bad please. Y'all ain't finna get my blood pressure up. I learned a long time ago. Ocho like I said, that's why I stopped putting incentive in my contract once I realized they could manipulate that and, and jack me outta my a hundred grand. I said man I wish I might, I'm not putting another incentive. They couldn't gimme a million dollars in my, in my contract to go to the Pro Bowl or lead the team because y'all what y'all paying me, I should do everything that y'all trying to incentivize without it, I'm the highest paid tight end I should leave my team in receiving.


Right. I should go to the Pro Bowl. I should be an all pro. I don't need no incentive. Y'all mess with that. Gimme my money. I want all my money. Hey, I ain't got not one incentive. Mo got not one. Even if I come to work on time. Nope. That ain't no incentive for me. Right. If I make weight. Nope. I don't want that either. Nope. I don't put it all, put it all in there, huh? Yep. Gimme everything I'm supposed to get. Hey Shannon, they gonna pay you over 17 weeks. This is what you age. This is how much you make it. Okay. I'm cool with that. Right. But man, I been stopped worrying about that. O your cousin man they, when they jack me outta my, when they jacked me outta my, what you call them?


I said man, I'm man, y'all ain't finna make me do something bad to somebody up in here. Yeah. Listen, that's the game they play now. That's the game they play an anonymous NBAG called out Adam Silver. Adam Silver is an obsessed with tournaments playing in season. Not all Star. They're, they've not proven to benefit our league. Ocho what you think? I mean the head guy saying that the tournaments trying to create excitement, trying to create viewers globally as well. And it's not benefiting the league, it's not benefiting the players.


How's it not the end season tournament? Isn't the end season tournament allowing the players to make extra money and and benefit them by having it being played in season? Well I guess they, they're trying to drum up support because here's the thing, old Joe, look, you got 11, you got 11 what? 77 billion over the next seven, 11 years. And so we got it because here the, the thing is kinda like soccer. You man, you know soccer's got all the tournament they got you. Yes. The Copa and the this one and the that one. Yeah. Yes. Champions. Yes. Yes. So I think that's what, you know, Adam commission is, is trying to get a play off that the playing tournament.


I mean people didn't like that. People thought, look at, I remember one time when the three point competition was thought as gimmick. I mean the three point shot, they like, man this is a gimmick right now. Look, everything is a gimmick until you get used to it. The forward pass was a gimmick, right? Yeah. Four. Like what are you do? That's a get man. No, that ain't gonna be, now can you imagine a game of football without the Forward pass or Chuck wouldn't make no sense. It wouldn't make zero sense. So look, I I get what I get what Commission's trying to do. He's trying to do anything he possibly can to get eyeballs to the television to watch these games.


And so to play in tournament, I mean to play in tournaments are al are always good. You know, teams are like, look, normally one through eight, you made the tournament, you know where you are, but now eight through 10 you gotta play what? No se no. Yeah, no seven, no. What is it? Seven play 10 and eight, nine play. And then that winner, those two winners play each other. And that's the, so whoever wins, they're the seven seat and then the next two is the, is the, the winner is is the eight seat. But I get, I get what commission's trying to do. I get what he, I really do Ocho you gotta try something.


I mean you got this kind of money at stake. You gotta try something. Yeah. I mean the only thing that I, I I can deal, I can deal with all of the only thing, I don't like the All Star. I don't like the Allstar Allstar. The format is not, not what it should be. And the GM that's complaining, the GM that's complaining about what, what Adam Silver is doing, why don't the GMs have ideas as well? Why don't they have ideas to continue to grow the game? Why don't they have ideas that they run by Silver to say, listen, I think we can do this. The players will benefit from it. Us as owners will benefit from it. And those that are watching, they'll enjoy it. Instead of saying, oh no Noosa complaining about what Silver Edge actually doing well rest is so David Stern, you're like, look, y'all are going either play or we going to claw back some of this money.


Which one you want? You really that simple. I, you shouldn't have to beg guys to play hard Ocho if you making 1 50, 200, $300 million. I don't really think it's asking too much. I really don't. Now I could be wrong Chad. And y'all might be totally disagree. Oh, the season too long and yada yada yada. I get all that. The season isn't any longer than what it was the last 50 years. How long have they been playing 82 games? Forever and a day. Yeah. So this notion about all the games will No it's not. No it's not. These guys should be in better shape because they have, they know better, they got better training, they got better nutrition, they got better supplementation.


They got around the clock, physios and trainers and yada yada yada. They got chefs that prepare their food and cook whatever. So there's no excuse to play hard to ask you to play harder. You make it 300 million ocho. Damn. I got a coach, Maggie. Listen, let me get, I don't need, I don't need to need 300. What? You gimme one, gimme one 50. I would play hard. Gimme one 50 because you know what Ocho I remember working hard when I was making $5 a day. Come on now. Talk to me. You never, never. I remember working, I remember working hard, making 10, making 16, catching a thousand chickens, making a dollar a thousand, catch 16,000 chicken, make $16.


Yeah. I worked hard for that little bit of money. Yeah. What the hell you think I do for 10 million? Listen, 20 million, 30, let alone 300. Right. And if you, if you think about it, I think of players when they make that kind of money, if they understood and never forgot where you came from before you had that kind of money and what you did to get to where you are. I think sometimes they lose sight of that. Huh? They do. I I I really do. You know, money, money will change you now. It change, sometimes it change you for the better. Sometimes it change you for the worse. I think sometimes money makes you more what you already are. Ugh. What are you, ooh, if ocho at, at, at, at, at your core, what are you when you don't have it?


Because now when you get it, it exacerbates what you already are. That's a good one. Everywhere. That's why people, you know, they, how did even bro, if you got a eating problem and you on a college budget, what happens if I give you 10, 15, $20 million? Don't you? Hey, what that Yeah. Money. No money. Oh, he changed what he got. No, it wasn't, he was always that. He just needed the money for y'all to sin. Yeah. In his true self. Right. That all that was change. He's always been this. They he or she, I'm, I'm not gonna say he or just just he.


He or she. Whoever. Women. Women as well. Women as well. Yes. Now they gotta be, sometimes they ain't gotta be money. Sometimes it could be attention, You know, you know what happens when you get that you never had it before and you start get it from everywhere. You get your big head, You know, you start feeling yourself, You know, you start overvaluing the boy. So Yeah, I've been, I, I get, I get what Adam is trying to do. Adam is trying to grow the game, trying to, because You know, you soccer have these in season tournaments and all this stuff. We saw what hockey just had the, what is that call it?


The, the something for the nations nation. Four Four Nations or something. What they call it was Finland. Sweden. Sweden and us. Yeah. See, but one thing, hockey, hockey, they be playing hard. Had it once, once you touch that ice, you strap up, you strap up. They, they ain't, they ain't, they listen, you know what time it is? I, I think Ocho I think I, I think a lot, I think the difference Adam, Adam and the players, he views the player as players, as partners.


Right? They turned me into that partner. I'm partner, I'm partner with the, the owners. We, we partners y'all employees. Right? Just like the NFL the partners are the broadcast network and the NFL. Right? The employees are the players. Players. Right. And they don't let you, they don't let you forget it as such. And if you do forget, they will remind you. They remind you. They'll remind you. They remind you. Yeah. Yeah. They, they de they definitely remind you Joe.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do you know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


These days, it feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and serve so we can have our, their American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, UTO, Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's Famous Smoke dot com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers,


The legendary lt, the original lt. Now we got Lil Lt laia. My dog wants Micah Parsons to stop podcasting and put his focus on football. He's a great player. But guys, let's do more, let's play more football. Less podcast. Micah in particular. He'll have a a a movie action movie. The brother got it. But don't forget where you are at. Listen, I like LT and anything coming from one of the greatest, if not the greatest of all time, especially on the defensive end. And he's talking about one of one of the greats right now. I agree, but I kind of disagree, especially with the times that we're in right now.


Michael Parsons, he plays really well. He plays at a very high level along with his podcast. The podcast doesn't take anything away from him on the action football field between the lines, when the whistle blows, you know what you're getting, what he left. You know what you're getting from Uno, UNO every time. Now when you look at them defensively, you'll say, well, they got some weak spots. Well, Michael only plays in one spot. He can't be everywhere. Sometimes he, he, he, he stretch line sometimes, you know, sometimes they go down in the three, sometimes they got him sitting down there in, in sitting down there in a box at a linebacker position, moving around, trying to find ways because he's good in space.


Real well. Stop lying. All that part. Oh, we gonna have a, we gonna have a, we gonna have a Ravens defense. We gonna have a, a Seahawks defense. He's supposed to say that. Huh? He, no, you don't, you ain't gotta say nothing. Keep your mouth shut, Ocho No you don't. You've gotta stop telling these guys. They've got to say something. I didn't say, I didn't say they did, but you have to believe in your team and who you, who you playing for. You keep it to yourself. So how did he, okay, he says what he said, okay, we gonna win when he don't win. How that make him look Ocho wait and make him look crazy. But, You know, you know, can, can, can I say something real quick? Yes. I can say he say something crazy all the time, right? Mic Michael Parsons been talking crazy all season. This, you know, this season when the Cowboys do play, You know, you know who do show up?


You jump in the passing game. What about when they get the ball run down their throat? Hey, you know, they run away from you ma they ran away from lt. What did he do? You right. They ran away from Regi. Yeah, you're right, you're right. Listen, he, I mean my listen, I mean, LT has to understand we we're in a different time. We're in a different era. You know, some guys, they like to talk about the game of football. They talk about the game of football after it's being played. They focus on it when they're at it. But in their off time they have podcasts. That's just where we are right now. Our thing could have changed if he stopped doing his podcast and all of a sudden he could have, I mean, no, Michael Parson is a player that he is, he's one of the great ones in the NFL right now at what he does.


And it just, it just, it just, it is what it is. I I I, I respect lt. I like, I like L T's opinion though. Pass, pass. Tain got a, a podcast. That's, that's not year, that's not Wat got a podcast. That's not him. The defensive player of the year. That's not him. You, you're, you're, you're calling that, oh, let me finish you calling names that are good at what they do at their Pacific positions, but that's not what they wanna do. Michael Parson wants to have a podcast because he likes to talk. Some guys wanna win and some guys wanna be, some guys wanna be famous and promote themselves. Now, which one you want to be? Because see, the quickest way to brand a build a brand is to win Michael Jordan brand. What is it?


Magic Johnson brand. What is it? Ma Manning? Tom Brady. Patrick Mahomes. What were their Joe Montana. What were their brands based on? Ocho, LeBron James, Steph Curry. Hey, you heard everybody just name, you heard everybody just name right. They were ball dominant. They were in control of those wins and losses. You talking about the defensive, you talk about a defensive player, you talk about a defensive end that can change the trajectory of a game, but has nothing to do with wins and losses. Oh, it definitely does.


So LT didn't impact, so LT didn't impact the game. Come on. Now we, we know, we know that. We know what, okay, what about Ray Lewis? Did he impact the game? Of course. What about Prime? I, okay, what about Prime? How was Prime, how was Prime brand? What that you say that he could impact the game though? Because you know on Mike, Michael Pars don't impact the game. I'm just asking. Oh no, I'm, I'm humble. There's been a lot of guys that impact the game. I don't, we we ain't just, we, you, you, you do realize we ain't talking about no slouching now we talking about No. No. Okay. But there have been a lot of guys that impact the game. Right? There've been guys that impact the game less, but one more and got a bigger plant.


Come on. I'm saying this is the team game. I just, I just wanted to, just to to remember that. Now we talking the only, only game end the team. You mentioned Prime. Do you see what Team Prime was playing for? Do you see what, what else was around him while he was doing what he was doing? Guess what? They went and got Prime. Yeah. San Francisco said, you know what, we can't beat Dallas. We gotta go get Prime Way. Got prize. What do the Cowboys do? Go get him back. Yeah. It ain't that complicated though, Joe. I just said, look, I'm, listen, I'm with you when you're right, I'm with you. I'm with you when you're right. But also we're in a different time right now. We are, we're I think the thing Ocho I think the thing is, is like, look, Micah wants to have a career after football.


And it seems to be he wants it to be on the media side. No problem whatsoever. And I think he, what he's doing, he's starting out. 'cause I had, I had a, I had a, a radio show when I was in, when I was in Denver, right? Started, I think I started in like 96. My guy Don Martin, I know you watching the show. He was at iHeartRadio for a number of years. I don't know, I don't know if Don's still there, but he was my producer. So Don and I, we go way back. And so I kind of like, I really didn't know what's what I was gonna do, but I like, Hey, they like, would you like to do A-A-A-A-A radio show? I was like, yeah, how much y'all paying? I wasn't paying a whole lot on show, but they gave me an opportunity to talk, right?


When they asked me to, you know, come in to the do the local news, I, hell I do that. Right. You know, Hey. And so I knew, I, I was, I could do something in the media. I was always very candid, very straightforward. But I don't think there, there, there was ever a doubt that anybody that had ever been with me ask my teammates football was at the forefront. Right? Anything that interfered with that wasn't gonna happen. Right. So my, my, my radio show, o show was I would tape it after Friday's practice, go in there, hit that thing for about 25 minutes, right? I'm done. Done right, I'm done. That's, that's it for me.


It'd been very interesting. Ocho and people, I I've gotten asked this question, if you were playing it today, would you have a podcast? I wouldn't. I'm I, I'm too, I, I, I can't FI have a singular focus. I'm only, I've only been good at a handful of things. Right. But not never si never simultaneously. That's why I'm not married. Right. I would, I would, I would, I was either, I was good at football and a terrible boyfriend. Either. I was a great boyfriend. I would be terrible at football. So guess what? You would've had to go, Hey, hey, boy, boy, you talking now, you hear me?


I'm just being, I'm just, I'm just, I, I just, I just, I'm just honest with yo, I'm just, man. That's why. So I have a singular focus. If you notice when I'm good at something, I'm great at it because I'm all in. Ain't no aa, ain't no s and Greta, I don't save no breadcrumbs for the trip home, mocho. I'm lost. Right. I'm lost. Don't, yo, I ain't got no navigation on how to get back. All I know is, is once straight ahead. Right? I'm go, we going that way. I'm gonna get people to be with me that believe in, I believe in the vision and we're gonna go get it done. Yes, sir. But that's just me. Like I said, I think, see the biggest mistake that we make is that we try to see ourselves in other people.


Right. That's my biggest mistake. That's my biggest mistake. It is. And, and I'm gonna, I gotta talk because I, I I, I think I can say I I Ocho honestly, I think I can save everybody and you know, Hey, hey man, can you do Sure. No problem. Call Shelly. Hey man, we got this call Shelly. And you know, if 25 here is 50,000 there, it's a hundred thousand here. And, and, and, and, and my, my, my, my Marvin Marvin Deloff, who's my agent, and he's been my right hand man for 29 years. Yes, sir. He said, you gotta stop this.


Yeah. He said, I un he says, I, I, I understand. He said, I understand you better than most. Right. I'm a 83, I think he said 83, 80 4-year-old Jewish guy. He said, but I, I, I know you. And he said, but you gotta stop this shutter. He said, you can't save everybody. He said, you got too big. You said you got too big of a heart. Yeah, same. I learned that quick and mo and most of the time, you know that I learn quick no matter how much you do. Sometimes they forget about the first time you say no. Hey man, I just first they forget about it.


They forget about all the time. You say Yes. Yes. And I, that's mind always trying to save a feeling. I can CI can come in and put my cape on. Oh, I got you. Don't worry about it. I got you. And every time on the back end, you end up regretting it. Every, every time. I I ocho I, i I don't regret it. I mean, a lot of times I give, I give to charities, but a lot of times I give, I give. But like I said, Ocho, I give the i I give with, I don't have any expectations. Right, right. Of giving it back anything back. Right. Right. Nothing.


Absolutely nothing. And Shelly called me the other day and says, I said, what's up? Well, you need to stop giving away so much money. Yeah. I said, Shelly, you called outta the blue with that. She's like, yeah. I said, okay. And then I don't know if, if she talked to Marvin or Marvin called her, but he had a conversation with me today. So I'm done. IIII can't help everybody. Ocho I'm done trying. Yeah, I'm done. I'm done.


I'm done. Yeah. And because I don't have federal government capabilities, I can't just print money to stimulate an economy. I gotta make my money. Right. I'm talking about literally make my money old fashioned. I can't go print it. Right. I'm good. I'm, I'm I'm done. So don't ask, the answer is no. Moving forward. What's today? The, the, it's 28th of 19th February 19th. Now it's the 20th. It's the 20th where you are. So you, if you, if you in the Eastern time zone, no, if you in the west, if you're in the Pacific time zone and an hour and 40 minutes, the answer will be no.


And my phone to go back to be off. So don't call me. No. Hell no. Oh, Joe the Cowboys overhauled their coach and staff this off season parting ways with Mike McCarthy and promoting OC Brian Heimer, the Cowboys hired Arizona Carter's offensive line coach, Klayton Adams for the open OC role. Here's what Adam wants to see in the offense. The same thing. I wanna see the same thing I want from every player on offense. And that is to create violence in the game. Be aggressive, run, hit. I think every decision that we make, schematically needs to lean into that direction. So if there's a a gray area, what is going to allow these guys to play more free and run and hit and be violent?


O Joe, do you think the cowboys will be able to create a violent offense next year? I mean, you know, violence always starts at, at the forefront right up front. It starts in the trenches. That's where the violence need to come from. That's where the violence needs to come from. It, it, it starts with the front, the front five. They gotta set the tone. That's where it comes from. Everything else is built off what that offensive line does. So that, that's where, that's where it comes in at. So how is the offensive line going to be? 'cause everything he just reiterated, everything he just said is not going to be possible. Unless start with a line is exactly like, I'm just gonna throw, I'm just gonna throw it out there like the eagles, like the ravens you right.


That's it. Everything you wanna do, whatever you set your eyes to, whatever you come into the off season or into, into the season saying you wanna do offensively. It all starts with offensive line. If you ain't got that, if they ain't got that mentality, no, it ain't tip front to back. Ocho you build front to back. Yeah. O line back D-line back. Yeah. And you say that, but that's a mentality. Yeah. You got it. But it's, it's, I mean I take my hat off the teams like the Eagles who, I don't know how much they hit, but they've taken a lot of the physicality out of it.


Ocho. 'cause you don't practice like that. Yeah, we used to practice. Yeah. We had 9 0 7 rac. Practice. Practice. Oh. We put, hey we putting, you know we putting pads on people. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard. Can you, you go out there and you doing walkthroughs and all of a sudden, hey, turn it up, turn water up. But it was a mindset. Oh we about you. About to, Hey, hey. Oh yeah. To move a man against his will. His will. Think about that Chad. Think about what you say. You said so, hey, get on my porch. I ain't going nowhere the hell you say you finna leave here and you do that over and over Ocho.


You gotta make them quit. Somebody quit today. And that's what, that's exactly. I ain't quit. By the time you get to the fourth quarter, they going quit. They gonna fold. I ain't, I ain't quitting. Yeah, for sure. I gotta make it. Turn it down down because see, I know how you run. Okay, because back, you know back when we played Ocho, we rolled your ass up and we were cutting and I know you getting up quick in the first quarter. Yeah. Oh Ocho they getting up quick? Yeah. Oh they, they getting up. Hey, hey, I'm still making the play. I said okay, okay. Cho chop second.


Hey, the second quarter, Ocho. Hey, I'm still here. Sharp. Yeah. Third quarter, man, stay out my knees four quarter. It ain't nowhere near, ain't nowhere to be seen. But you got the, it's easy to talk about something Ocho. It's a lot more difficult to do it. Yeah. The coaches, the coach could talk all he want to. The coach can talk. He can, he can, he can talk. So he turned blue in the face. But unless you have the personnel and the players that have the mentality that you're regurgitating or the mentality that you talk about, man, that ain't, that ain't, you ain't talking about nothing. You ain't, you ain't talking about nothing.


What you have is what you have right now. You say whatever you want, you know your team, you know your personnel. So you gotta be careful what you saying with your As for, because if they're not built like that, all of a sudden just 'cause you have an off season, don't mean they coming back completely different next year. You are who you are, you know? Yeah. Zack Martin has been in wars and he's one, been in one of the premier guards. He one of the best guards that have ever played this game. But he's had a lot of, he got a lot of miles on that body. Ocho Yeah. He's not the same guy. Yeah. You know, Tyre Smith had a lot of miles on his body. They let him go. Yeah. Still they, they, they, they started to suffer when Travis Frederick had to retire.


Right. Prematurely. And they got guys. Now they're not, they're not built like that. They're not built like that. They can't run the football. See, You know, you how You know you violent when you can run the football. Yeah. That's where violence come in at. Absolutely. Absolutely. Look at the, look at teams that can run the football. They're a violent group. You notice when I talked about offensive lines, the first thing I said was Eagles. And I said Ravens. Yeah. Because they gonna move everybody against they will when they play 'em Detroit and not changing nothing regards to who they playing. Detroit is another one.


Oh yeah. Oh, I forgot. P they suing and boys they don't, they don't play. No. So it's re I'm I'm asking to see what they do. I'm gonna see if they're gonna be able to run the football. Doell is a Rico doll is a, is a free agent. We gonna see what they're gonna do with the running back position. Right. Well, you know Zeke won't be back 'cause they already let Zeke go. So now do they go into the draft? Do they get Genty? I think they picked 1213. Will Genty be available? That that'd be a good one. What? Running back. What? Running back is gonna be available. Aaron Jones with Minnesota. They pushed this, they pushed his, his date back.


Okay. Could he become available? Right. It seems like they want to get something long term done. Get him, get him a couple of years. Right. So it's gonna be very, very interesting to see what the Cowboys do at running back position. If free agency will probably kind of give you an indication of kind of direction that they're going to going to go with in the draft. Ocho AJ Brown brought a life-sized mannequin to put his unwashed Super Bowl jersey on display in their home. AJ's longtime girlfriend posted a picture on Instagram. That's liar point of view. Your boyfriend buys a six two mannequin to put his game one Super Bowl uniform on. He indeed did not wash it. Nope. You can't wash it. Nope.


Don't do that. That's, that's live man. That's dope. That, that's, that has to be one of the greatest feelings ob and obviously coming from someone who never won a Super Bowl, played in one but never won, won. That's something I would do. That's something I would do. And you, you, you save with that moment and to be able to have it in your house, man hanging up like that on the mannequin, full display mouthpiece and all. You don't see the mouthpiece. He got the mouthpiece on the helmet and everything. Oh yeah. That's live man. That's live. Well well I wouldn't even have because I wouldn't have no mouthpiece. Huh? Where where your Super Bowl stuff at? On the wall. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. On the wall. That's dope. That's dope. But I don't know somebody, because you know they make you two jerseys in Baltimore.


They gave me both of my jerseys. Right. Somebody got somebody, Deborah got got my 32 at 33 extra Jersey. Right. Hold on, let me use the bathroom real quick. I don't drink too much more, but I like that. Got his shoes and everything on the mannequin. Damn, aj. I, I don't know what a pants are. I ain't finna lie And tell you now about the pants. I know I got the jersey, I gave the Super Bowl helmet. I think Darl Green got my Super Bowl helmet because I traded with him. I'm almost certain Darryl Green got my Super Bowl helmet.


I got my Super Bowl Ravens helmet. It's funny that I traded, I remember going to the super, I go went to the Pro Bowl. I traded Pro Bowl helmets one year I was with Denver. I traded Pro Bowl Health with Jonathan Ogden. I got that, that original, I don't know Chad, who a Ravens fan, but y'all I I, it was like a wing or something, but it was, it was kind of ugly. But Jo, I traded with Jo. He and I had the same agent he was with Marvin Dim off as well. So, but yeah, I still got, obviously my jerseys are hanging up.


I got one helmet. I know for sure. I don't know nobody about the pants. I don't know where the pants are held. Nobody. I mean it, I mean the, the thing was is like, the thing was the Jersey Ocho, nobody even thought the jerseys in the helmet. Wasn't nobody thinking about No, no, no pants. Yeah. Well what about your clea because You know, you clea sometimes your clea meet a a, a special pair. And you know, especially now, especially don't start me to lie. Somebody got 'em. Yeah. I'm trying to think because like when I played like my last couple of years, Nike made be Pat leathery. I remember the time, You know, you had to really be somebody to get, get a cleat Pat leather.


Not everybody got a cleat. Hey, who wore a, who wore the greatest heat today? I was like, dude on specialties and he better tell me he got yours. Right. How you run down on special team and you got Pat Leather Jordan, don't you, you hey look, you look good. Play good. No, you on special team. You get some, get some some three quarters and go on out there and make a tackle. You don't need no little talk. No little top ccle pat leather. But I was like, like I would play in the shoe and then I would practice in it and I end up giving to a teammate. Hmm. Where your Super Bowl jerseys at? At at, at my grandma house.


At my grandma house. My little, my little brother. My little brother. He got most of my memorabilia. A very good friend of mine in Cincinnati. When I left Cincinnati, he has most of my memorabilia. It just, I don't, I don't, I don't know what's wrong with me. Once I stopped playing the game of football, I didn't really care about memorabilia. I don't, I don't have, I don't really have anything. I don't have anything. Friends of mine kind of kept everything. And, and once I removed myself from the game, I wasn't playing it anymore. And, and I was at peace. I, I let, I let everything disperse. Those that know me, The Volume.


Welcome to a day in the life of an Amex Gold card member 7:00 AM iced coffee with up to $84 back annually at Dunkin locations. Mm. 12 o'clock pesto zoodles with four times membership rewards points on purchases at US restaurants up to $50,000. This is so good. And to finish strong, the freshest sushi spot with up to $100 back annually on eligible purchases at US Rezi restaurants. What a day. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms supply cap applies. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with Amex.


This Is Ashley Ginetti from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones these days. Those are Ozempic and Semaglutide. And with Future Health, you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years. And no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 Plus tobacco consumers


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming Tech at Lenovo dot com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to Lenovo dot com Lenovo Lenovo.