
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meets today, back the day.


Make it alright.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox centa because Clorox centa smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox cent viva's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


Hey, it's Angela Yee. Searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish. Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant News and pops of color from couture in the streets to its Valentino baby.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And. if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean and it fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collections for tees and their bestselling popover hoodie. I love rocking that on game day or really any day shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


The Volume


NFL week one is here and the new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns, Draftking hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the legendary, the pro bowler all pro Liberty City's Cincinnati. Bingo. Great. Chad Ochocinco Johnson, do us a favor, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And thank you guys. We want to sincerely thank you from the bottom of our hearts for helping us ascend to the heights that we've ascended to.


That's all because of you. Thank you again so much. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock And. if you don't have it, if you can't find it in a state or city near you, you can order it from our e-commerce site and we'll ship it directly to your door. So thank you again for that. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84, that's 84 spelled out the link is pinned at the top of the chat tour shirts and hats dropped this week. There are two versions of the T that's on the site, the tour version with the dates on the back, which I'm currently wearing. That T sells for $42 and the T with just only the screen of OCHO and I and Nightcap with no tour dates on the back that sells for $38.


You can use the VIP code for an additional 10% off. Again, the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Okay guys, before we get started, ocho, there's some things that I want to address. Last night we had a situation, everything is like in my computer. It's a little different for me here in the studio. My studio compared to you at home, everything is linked tv. I mean the camera, the iPad, the computer, everything is linked. And what had happened was is that as I'm talking the somehow it clicked over to the video. So that's what I was hearing, playing back in my ear. So it wasn't anything, it wasn't like a malfunction. Somehow the audio had clicked on on the video that was playing.


So I could hear that back in my ear. So that was nothing that people back, back at at in the studio was doing. That was no fault of their own. That was just something that had just all of a sudden happened. And it just took us a minute to figure out we troubleshoot after we got off the show, And, we got it figured out. That won't happen again. I can assure you of that other technical DI difficulties might arise, but that won't happen. And then guys, I look, there's been a lot said, well you trying to do the ocho, what Skip did to you, blah blah blah. No. What I am gonna do is that I'm gonna push, I'm gonna pull, I'm gonna drag OCHO to a level that he didn't think he could get to.


See. I heard, I saw some of the comments. Oh, oh oh YouTube serious. It's just a little internet show, it's a YouTube show for you. That's all you see it as. But that's not the vision that I shared with OCHO when we sat down. That's not the vision that OCHO say, oh we can do that. Yes. I say, you see what the other guys are getting, but I can't go. When I sit down with these studios and they says, okay Shannon, what can you do? What do you want to do? How are you gonna, how are you gonna package this? What are you looking for? Because when you go to a studio, they want a time slot. They want like okay, where you, what time slot you wanna be in and can we account on you being in that slot? Yes.


Yes. Absolutely. And so I want OCHO to take it serious. I've conveyed this with ocho Ocho, I'm not telling Breaking Earth, you know, interrupting your normally scheduled program, prac programming. Because I just want OCHO to understand this is O Cho's show, this is my show and I want him to take it as serious instead of be like when he goes on first take be great on first take inside the NFL, be great on those. But I want OCHO to understand we gonna only go as far as he and I can take this thing and the heights that I dream. And I think what he's conveyed to me is that we're gonna have to do this together. But there has to be a level of professionalism.


There has to be a courtesy of being on time. I respect his time and I want him to respect. 'cause there's a lot of people, we started out, it was just ocho, myself, one person in the studio and Ash, we got 11 people now we got editors, we got graphics, we got extra producers, we got associate producers. And so I know y'all took it and tried to run, this is a conversation. Ocho and I have had conversation off cameras. OCHO have conveyed to me what he wants to accomplish with Nightcap. All the while expanding his brand and doing first take. I wholeheartedly support that. And you know, when they, when it came to me, OCHO is great inside the NFL.


He doing that. He's doing an unbelievable job. But I just know OCHO can. And I think I, I don't, I, for me, when I look at ocho, I see a guy that wants to do it but has never been in a situation where it was had to be like, okay, Ocho, you can just do your thing. Ocho you so great. I'm gonna make o I'm gonna force Ocho to be great. He ain't got no choice. He ain't gonna have no choice but to be great. And when we rise with Nightcap, when y'all see man, man they did it, man. Unc said it. Ocho said they were gonna do it. That's what I expect from Ocho. And I just like, he was already gonna be cutting it close for time because of the flight, got delayed mechanical issues.


And so at that situation, you know what I gotta show tonight, this is not a sa this is not Friday. I don't have anything to do. I can take that route that I normally take, call somebody, have them pick me up. But you know what, I'm already cutting it close. Let me get a more, a little more suitable situation to get to my workplace. So I know you guys tried to blow it up, tried to make it something I'm trying to big time Ocho No, I just want OCHO to be great. And I think there's a level of professionalism and a kind of courtesy that comes along with being great. 'cause there are two kind of pains that you get. You get the pain of discipline or you get the pain of regret. And if things don't work out, I can live with that. But it will, I will not be man if I had only worked harder.


So that's where I'm at. Ocho I want you to say your piece, Man. I'm good. I'm good man. We, we, we, we good. You know, you know that. I don't, I don't, I don't pay them people no mind. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna always be me. I'm always be me. I'm gonna always be successful. I always have been. You know, you have your way of doing things. I have my way of doing things, you know? That's it. We going, we gonna be successful no matter what. I always remain my authentic self. You know, I've been, I've been a little bit, but I ain't gonna bend too much where I have to change who I am.


So that's what Ocho and I are Nightcap moves on. Guess what? It was football Sunday. The first week is in the books now. And the game that you just watched, the Rams in overtime, excuse me. The Lions in overtime defeat the Rams 26 20 Montgomery punches it in from the one yard line and the Rams walk it off. The la the Rams ran for 60 of the 70 yards on the TD driving overtime. Hmm. Huh. The, I keep saying the Rams, the Lions, they ran for 60 of the 70 yard TD yard drive in overtime.


Is that the most Dan Campbell thing that you can think of? When he took the job? What did he say? Mm, we're gonna out physical people. We, Hey, you might beat us, but you won't outwork us. You won't out physical and you hey, that, that your, when a team think about it, Ocho we heard me say this. Yeah. And y'all guys have heard me say this a lot. When you run the football, you're moving a man against his will. A man got his hand on a three point stand. Yep. And he says, I ain't going nowhere. And the line said that A soul and Decker and all those guys say the hell you not, you finna get up out this plot of land and they moved him up out of Zeitler.


Man, that was an unbelievable drive Yeah. To string together in overtime and to win That game. Right, right down the field. Listen, I the game at the beginning, hon Honestly, honestly, Unc, it was a snooze fest. It was a snooze fest until after halftime. Did we not see football being played drive being strung along from both offenses? Hell was, it was three three at the half, if I'm not mistaken. Right. Seven, three ten three, seven three. It was, it was something like that. I mean, I'm, I was falling asleep. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm falling asleep. So I'm, I'm thinking, I'm thinking Stafford Cooper Cup kuah the ball. They gonna be throwing the ball all over the place. No crossing routes.


I ain't really getting none of that in the first half until the second half. Everything started to open up and then the game became in Interesting. Jamo, goddamn, Jameson. Wilson, Jameson Williams, Man, Jameson, Williamson Williams, Jameson Williams. I just say Jamo. I'm gonna just say Jamo. Jamo. Okay, Go ahead. Jamo man. He's well, he scared me man. I don't like when I see players go down like that, I hate when I see players go down like that goddamn pco. He goes in, he hurt so funny. I'm not saying it's a coincidence, but all of a sudden you have a phenomenal rookie season this year. You change your diet, you change your nutrition, you do all this stuff that you didn't do that work last year trying to change what you're doing.


I'm hoping everything is okay with him. Other than that it was a great game. Dan Campbell and the Lions setting, the tone, the culture, everything over there has changed for the better. You not I'm happy, I'm happy. Hell, I'm happy for Jerry Golf too because they done, they done, they done shipped them off. Yeah, No, like, like he was done. And he's still resurrecting and, and, and changing the, changing the ways of that, that program. Now talk about program, organization, You know what Ocho Yeah. And, and I'm not, don't want to get too far off track here. I don't believe they thought he was done, but I do believe they didn't think he can get him over the hump. And by, by choice.


You look at it, they won the trade. Yeah. Because they won the Super Bowl. So anytime, some, anytime you make a trade OCHO and you win the Super Bowl, how do you lose that trade? You Right. And so I think that's what they're looking at and that's what everybody has to evaluate. Can this guy get us to the next level? He took him to a Super Bowl and maybe they say, well hey, he can get us there, but can we get over the Hump And, if you look at that drive that Matthew Stafford put together to take the lead against Cincinnati in the Super Bowl. Yeah. That's why they got him. That's why they made the trade. Because think about how many times do you see him do this tonight? Ocho he looking over here and throw the ball clear across There. There across the, yeah. Yeah. So he has that ability.


But when you look at the, you look at the Lions, you look at, they ran the football 31 attempts, 163 yards, two touchdowns. Jerry Golf was six 18 of 28. 2 17, 1 touchdown had an interception. Jameson Williams five for 1 21. The two running backs. Montgomery 17 for 91. Gibbs 11 for 40. But that's the way they wanna play. They wanna play a physical style of football. You know, Detroit hardworking, blue collar grit. That's what Dan Campbell has brought to this team. The Lions have a lot, have a lot, the fans have a lot to be excited about because it seemingly last year they went to the NFC championship game and what, a couple of minutes, probably about two minutes away from actually winning that game OCHO and going to the Super Bowl and Dan Campbell's like, look, it's not like we get to pick right back up and go to the NFC championship game.


Right. We've got to go back down to the mountain And climb back up and Start to climb again. Yeah. And they welcome that. I love what, I love what I saw from the Rams. It could have got away from 'em because when the, the, excuse me, the Lions when the Rams took the lead. Yeah. What happened Ocho the Lions come out three and out, boom. And I was like, oh man, the Rams can really put this game away. They Yeah. Give the defense credit Ag Aaron Glen, the defensive coordinator, they made a great, they did a great job and stopped it. Stopped him and giving the ball, gave him the ball back and the Lions went down the field, got a a a a field goal, tied it up, sent it in overtime, and then they get the ball and they go down the field Field Running the Football down, down their throat.


Which is the most disrespectful, which is the most disrespectful thing you can do in the NFL is, like you say, move a man against his will continuously down the field. Coaches hate that. Yeah. Coaches, coaches hate that Because ain't nothing fancy. It ain't no gadgets. It ain't no reverse. Yeah. It ain't none of that ocho It's handoff. It's toss. Yeah. Man. Mono, that's all. It's mono against mono. That's it, man. Against man. We feel our men is better. Our men are better than your men than, yeah. And I'm here to prove it today. It's the most, it's the most discouraging, heartbreaking thing that you can do to a team. Yeah. It's just line up and just run the ball down the field.


Break down The field. Yeah. Hey man, they, hey, that's on us. They tricked us on that. When they ran Alea flicker, they ran a, a a, a wide receiver pass and off left and off. Right off left toss. Right, right. Yeah. And that's all they did. So congratulations to the Lions. Get off to a great start. 26 20 overtime win over the Rams. Quarterbacks that flip sides. Matthew Stafford used to be the quarterback was the number one pick of the Lions. Jerry Goff was the number one overall pick of the Rams. They swapped. And First Blood was drawn by the Rams because they wanna sue Bowl with Stafford.


Now Jerry Goff is trying to try to replicate that with the Lions. But the Lions win 26 20 in overtime over the Lions.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meets today, back the day. Make it all right.


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five, or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 SeaDoo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo, find your water visit see dew.com. Or find a dealer near you.


Have you made the switch to Nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear, but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's knicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy you won't be disappointed


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Ocho The dolphins beat the Jags, but the big news news actually happened before the game. Yes sir. And this is what happened. Tyreek Hill was detained by police Sunday, a block away from Hard Rock Stadium or a driving violation. He was reportedly stopped for speeding and then got into a verbal al altercation with the police and was subsequently placed in handcuffs. Dolphin teammate Kez Campbell, John New Smith stopped to offer support for Hill leading Campbell detainment for disobeying a direct order. Miami-Dade police Department released a statement, requested an immediate review of the incident. One of the officers involved in the hill detainment was placed on administrative duties.


Yeah. During the investigation. Not administrative leave. Administrative duty. Right. Which means he's gonna be at the desk, he's not gonna be in the field. Let's take a listen to what Jevon Holland and Tyreek had to say after the game about the incident. And then I seen the, the, the clip cop like kicked him or something like that. It was crazy. So that's gotta get handled, you know what I'm saying? Excess excessive force on a black man. That's not uncommon. It's a very common thing in America. So I think that needs to be addressed at, at a, a countrywide level. So yeah, I don't think that shit is cool at all. But, you know, it's not, it's not unnatural or not uncommon for cops to do that type of shit, especially the black man. So that should, I think that needs to be addressed. Sure. I've been trying to figure that out too.


I've been trying to figure that out too, man. Right now I'm still trying to put it all together. So I'm not gonna give you a version that I still don't know what happened. You know what I'm saying? But I do wanna say, I do want to be able to use this platform to say like, what if I wasn't Tyreek Hill Hill, bro. So I got a lot of respect for cops, man. But obviously, you know, everybody has bad apples in every situation, you know? So I I I want to be able to, you know, use this platform, you know, to figure out, to figure out a way to like flip this and, you know, make it a positive on both ends on my end and then also Miami Dade, you know, so that way we can team together and you know, do something positive for the community.


Oh, Joe, what was, what would, we're gonna, we're gonna discuss the game. Yeah. Yeah. So, but Ocho this situation you of, I driven the home games. I did it for 14 years. Yeah, you did it for 11, 12 years. Yes, sir. So, you know, it's like lay out, give a, give the fans an idea. You go into the stadium. Yeah, you gotta be at the stadium. I mean, normally they ask you to be at the stadium two hours before the game. Right. So, okay, now Ocho you leave the hotel night before the game. I don't know if you stayed there the full time or you go back home and change, but you are on your way to the stadium. Yeah. Take the fans through probably what transpired with Tyreek. I Mean well I obviously he was headed to the stadium. I mean Correct. The, the rest of, if I'm looking at the background that's, that's right outside the stadium.


Outside of, outside of my, the way gardens. Because you know, because you could see the stadium, you know, in the, in the background. The Obviously In Yes. Obviously he was, he was right there. I'm not sure what ac what actually what actually happened. I'm not sure what time it was. I'm not sure if it was running late. So obviously if you're stopping for a driving violation, the only type of driving violation you could have two hours before a game would have to be speeding of some sort. Yes. Maybe not using your signal. I'm, I'm assuming something minor. Well, speeding is not minor obviously, so I'm, he, I'm assuming he was pulled over because all all I, all I have to go off of is based on what we all saw. I mean that, that's it. I I I think, I think it's unfortunate. I think it's an easy fix. I think it was a very easy fix to where it even ha it didn't even have to get to this point to, to where it got to today.


I'm not, I'm not sure if cooler heads had prevailed in that, in that time or in that manner, or him being detained wouldn't have happened in that, in that situation. I think you and I have talked about it before, when you're stopped by the police and, and doing all you can to be able to, to, to resolve the issue without it going any further. You know, I'm not sure if Tyrese said anything, maybe the officer was, was having a bad day, was having a, a bad day. But there has to be some level of respect on both ends where this, where this doesn't happen. The fact that I don't have the evidence on what really happened and what transpired for it to get to that point.


It's hard for me to dig deeper and say some of the things I want to say outside of the fact. It shouldn't get to that point though. There should be a level of respect on both ends. Obviously. Especially Miami Police, Miami Police Department. If you work in a game, if you working the game, you're on detail at the game and you know it's a player, obviously maybe extending him a little grace if he is running late letting him know, hey, re if anything just slow down a little bit baby. 'cause you got people, you got foot traffic, obviously there's a game going on. People trying to get to the game. Slow down a little bit if you gonna be late, if anything, just take the fine or whatnot, whatever, whatever it might have been. I don't know what it was. But again, I mean, as officers knowing that there's a game getting ready to be played and knowing that it's, it's a player.


Not saying he should be getting, getting grace, obviously there rules and laws that you have to abide by, but it just, it just, there's a certain level of respect that officers normally have for a player or in a situation and understanding what's going on. But in, in, in this case, you know, it, it, it wasn't, it wasn't, yeah, I think the thing is, ladies and gentlemen, like when we go to the game, we usually had to be, we were required to be to the game at least two hours before the game. Yeah. So our game, well start at two o'clock because we in mountain time, so we start, had to be there at least by 12. I normally got to the, I normally got to the stadium about four and a half hours before the game. So I normally got to the game of the stadium about four and a half hours before the game.


So the traffic wasn't as heavy. But a lot of times they block it off because they don't want traffic. They wanna be able to control the traffic coming in one way. They don't want the normal flow of traffic being able to come in all directions. Right. So there a lot of times they'll have it blocked off. I was always conscious of that. And so, you know, anytime I pulled up to an area and I saw police officer, I would al, I would like roll my window down to let 'em know this is Shannon because my window, I always had, you know, I always had 10, but I wanted them to know that, hey, I'm Shannon, you know, hey, I'm going to the stadium. And a lot of it, most of 'em recognized who I was. Hey, hey Mr. Sharp, how you doing? Have a great game. So forth and so on. Now obviously the later, the later you get to that, that cutoff time that teams have established, the more foot traffic is gonna be coming.


Right. And so obviously you, they don't want you reading through there 50, you know, not even 35 miles an hour. They probably want you around five to 10 miles an hour because there's some traffic, like I said, I haven't been to in Miami state, OCHO in since 98. Yeah. So I couldn't, no, I actually, we played them in the divisional round, but that's been so long. Yeah, that's been so long ago. Ocho So that's been over 22 decades. So I really couldn't tell you. And you know, normally when we come in on the bus, we got police escort. Yeah. So it's a lot different when you got police escort. Right. As opposed to being, you know, you driving yourself. And so you are absolutely right. I I think the thing is for that minor of a traffic for, okay, he's speeding and you got to lay him face down.


Yeah. Hold on, hold on, on write him a ticket. Write, write him a ticket. Right. There's no reason to detain him. There's no reason for him to be face down. But, but Right. What you do have to think of if it, if it, if it's sought to that, if they resulted to the, to the point of having to have him face down like that, I think there might have been some exchange back and forth. Well, There might have been Back and forth. That's the only time it gets to that point. When an individual is being somewhat volatile towards the law, then they take things in their own hands. Because as you get a little loud, what's the first thing they do? They try, they try to detain you. They try to deescalate The situation. And in that's situation Ocho ocho in that situation, he's God, he got all the power.


Yeah. He got a gun. Yeah. He got a taser. Yes sir. He got a baton. Yes sir. He got a bulletproof vest on. Yeah. He's in that situation. He's gone. Yeah. My thing is, anytime the police officer comes to my car, I get pulled over. My job is to get him to the car, back to his car. Me on my way. He on his way with as little conversation as possible. Possible. Yes, sir. I Okay. You pulled me over Mr. Sharp. You know how fast you were going? I really don't but you, I I I welcome you telling me when you was traveling such and such in this my spine, I say I, I'm sorry, officer, I, I didn't know I was traveling that fast, but I'm gonna take your word for it. Yes sir. Because I'm trying to get him ocho I'm trying to get him to my car, back to his car as quick as possible.


Yeah. The longer he stays at my car, the greater the chance that there's something that we can, it can escalate. Right? Now, a lot of times they're supposed to be in a situation where they deescalate the situation. Yeah. But that's not always how And plus, oh, you think because you this, you that you driving this car? Oh, you think you can? No, I don't think that. So that was, that's my whole thought process. Right. How soon can I get him to my car, back to his car or on his motorcycle and get him on his way. Right. In a situation like that ocho for the, for tyreek to be laid down. And it looked like I, I saw a video. It looked like the guy kneed him in his back. What? I thought that was un Yeah. Yeah. He did all that.


Yeah. He, I he didn't kick him, but I thought he knee, I thought he knee him. Now I could be wrong. Right. And maybe the video, maybe somebody, the video that I saw, maybe that wasn't how it happened, but it, it looked apparently the me Yeah. That the guy did me him a little excessive. And now I'm not saying that he dropped the, the Rick Flare LD on him or something like that, you know, it wasn't wwe. Right. But, but it looked like it was unnecessary. It seemed to me that it was unnecessary that you lay a man down in the street for a traffic violation. I can see it. The guy, he was traffic violation and he was warned for some heinous crime, but I don't think that was the case. No, but I think what's gonna happen, because this was so public and it is the Miami Dolphins and Stephen Ross and the NFL now is everybody's getting involved.


Oh, you're gonna come to a quick resolution here. Oh yeah. Most, most definitely. And I can assure you that one probably won't happen again. No, I'm not gonna say from categorical for certain, but there's a great chance that this won't happen again. Yeah. That guy might have been a little over zealous. I'm not saying that Tyreek wasn't speeding, but I'm just saying, I, I don't know if speeding warrants that laying a man down face down in the pavement. You put your knee in his back, you are handcuffed. I mean, Listen. Well, I mean, if you gonna do, if you going, if you're gonna do all that, you might as well go and take him down. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Most definitely. I mean, and then that, that would make it, that would make it even worse. Yes. That would, yes, that would make it even worse. And obviously I wish the, I wish the situation could have been rectified right away.


There's a certain level of respect that obviously me being from Miami that I wish you shoulda Had, hadn't gotten that. Oh, not, not, not even close. Not even close. Not two, not two hours before a game when the officers understand that. Okay. Whatever the driving violation may have been. Listen, quick little talk. Listen, you gotta slow down, but you know what, okay, if you, you are speeding a little bit, Rick, listen, I know you got a game, baby. You can't be, you can't for sure driving that fast through here. I got to give you a ticket. I got to give you a ticket, man. I got, I gotta do right by the law. But I'm gonna let you go, let you go on about your way. That's it. Simple. Yeah. It's over. Driver's, driver's license, registration. I gotta write this ticket. Just slow down for me next time. We got seven more home games here. Next time you come through here, just be driving the right way.


Hopefully we got more than that. It's, Huh? Hopefully we got more home. Yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Most definitely. But listen, it's, it's, I think it's sustained though. It's sustained on the Miami, on, on the, on the Miami pe Miami Police Department because it, because it's everywhere. It's, It's definitely not a good look. It's, it's definitely not good. Look Coach Joe over Abusing your power just a little bit. Just a little bit. Yeah. Understanding the situation, understanding the circumstances, you know, it, Tyreek is no threat in, in this situation. He's not gonna do you any bodily harm. I mean, you, you know that. So I think it, I think obviously was very excessive and, and unnecessary. So, so yeah.


Like, like, but like, you know, I, I think the thing is, I mean like Tyreek said, what if he wasn't who he was? Ugh. And the thing is now, I think, you know the cameras and a lot of times and people are like, well, body cameras on. Yeah. You know, he had, he, they're wearing body cams and people are like, well Shannon, you talking about you don't get on the elevator with women. Do you understand there was cameras? Do you know how many times we've seen stuff on cameras and mofos walk up out the courtroom, Scott ass free? Yeah. And you want me to change that? Just my luck. Guess what? The camera ain't working that day. Mm. How many times there situation? Oh, the officer forgot to turn his body cam on Ocho Mm. Thinking they slick. I assume they can man ain't supposed to come off. Supposed to always be Off the, the mo the, the moment you pull somebody off, you're supposed to hit that butt.


Yeah. Yeah. But that's neither the here nor there. Tyreek's. Okay. Probably a little, a lot embarrassed. Not a little, a lot embarrassed. Yeah, because this played out in front of national, in front of, you know, you play in front of millions, but I, I don't expect to be handcuffed Face down. Yeah. With a knee in my Back. Oh. Not, not in my own city. Not in the city I play for. Come on now. No. And then Tyreek, he did what Tyreek Hill does, he catches a 80 yarder Made light, takes it to the house, made light the Situation. He end seven catches, seven catches for a buck 31 touchdown to 80 yarder. And then he did a by 10:00 AM they had his hand behind his back.


Yeah. And at 3:00 AM he had a celebration going with his hand behind his back, behind his back here in Jalen Waddle accounted for 211 of the Miami Dolphins, 400 total yards in offense. Two or through for 3 38. One touchdowns. Jacksonville was the ninth best defense against the run last season. Yeah. And they showed it. Miami only had 25 carriers for 81 yards, but a chain had 75. Russian Waddle had five for 1 0 9. Tyreek had seven four buck 30. But this game seemed to be Ocho this game was about to be for the away, but Oh, the, the Jags, The Jag Atn the Jag And dude comes and peanut punches, punches.


They get the ball and two plays later. Tyreek. So what was about to be a 24 7 ball game? Ocho right Now, all of a sudden you get the ball at the 20. Right. And two plays later. Tyreek's in the end zone. Yeah. Yeah. And so now what was supposed to be 24, 24 7 is 17. 14. Yeah. Now, now you get out of crowds back in the game. Yeah. We got a ball game. Now the defense starting to feel good about themselves, but give Miami credit, Jacksonville had an opportunity to really put some, put some distance between them. Yeah, yeah. They were unable to do it and it just go, it just in the blink of went out a momentum flipped just like that. Don't, Joe.


That's right. 14 point swing. That's why, you know what Unc, that's why it spoke quarters because quarter one, quarter two was all Jacksonville. Especially on that defense. Boy, them boys were playing some goddamn ball on defense. Man, them boys was playing some ball on defense. And I told, I told everybody, especially in the chat, I told y'all about Brian Thomas Jr. I told you. Yeah. Young boy is nice. I know Malik neighbor gets all the hype, obviously because he is, he's in New York. Brian Thomas, Jr. Real deal. Your jag gonna be okay. Yo, the Ja gonna, the jag gonna be all right though. They, they gonna be all Right. Yeah. I mean, I like, I like what I felt from the Jags you just got, when you get a team in that situation, don't you, you gotta put 'em away.


You gotta Put 'em away. You gotta create some type of Yeah, You gotta create some type of distance, especially when they have those type of players that at any point, no matter where you are on the field, when it comes to wado, a chain and a goddamn cheetah that can hit the head off the goal post from anywhere when you get an opportunity to separate yourself. And that's the difference between the type of quarterbacks that are considered tier one that have those type of weapons. Weapons, yeah. They put you away. They don't even give you no chance Because you know, at any given time they can strike from anywhere. Bingo. They're only one, they're, they're one play away. A lot of teams don't have that kind of potential. They have three guys.


No, they got four guys. They got Cheetah, they got Waddle, got I they got Most of you. I'm tripping. They got a guy, they got four guys that on any gi on any given play. And you could then you strike the band up. Yeah. Now you gotta smell the deodorant referee raising his arms, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So they got four guys that, there are very few teams that have that kind of big play potential. Right. And I always, and and Chad, you've heard me say this, when you have the momentum, how much separation can you put between you and the team that doesn't have the momentum? Right. Because eventually they're gonna get it And. if you not, if you haven't put enough separation between you, guess what? They're gonna track you down. Every time we saw that with San Francisco, we saw that with the, we saw that with San Francisco in the Super Bowl.


We saw that with the Eagles in the Super Bowl the previous year. When you have the momentum, you better get you a lot of separation because when they get it, where you might have had to baby, where you score two touchdowns and kick the field goal, they might go three touchdowns and all of a sudden boom ballgame. So the dolphins win. But that really wasn't the story. The Tyreek Hill being detained briefly face down, handcuffed for what they said was a a a speeding violation or moving violation Driving. I'm I'm sure it, it Speeding. It has to be speed. They said they, they listed it as speeding. ocho. Yeah. Simple ticket. They listed as speeding.


Simple ticket. Rectify the situation. Driver's license insurance. Boom. Write the ticket. You going about your business. There's no problem. O Joe, the cowboys handle the Browns on the road. Hey, but again, the story happened before the game. Yeah. And we hours of the morning that got paid. Hey. And it wasn't even Friday night like Johnny Kim said that got paid and then I guess it was Saturday night, early Sunday morning, four years, 240 million. Ooh. 231 million guaranteed. Ooh, 60 million per year. He's the first $60 million player in NFL history. The highest paid player in NFL history. The highest paid Q QB based on annual year basis, D 60 million.


Joe Burrow 55, Jordan Love 55. Trevor Lawrence, 55. Yeah. Tua is at 53.1. Jerry Golf is at 53. Justin Herbert is at 52.5. Lamar Jackson is at 52. Jalen hurts at 51, but Dak Prescott yeah. Became the first $60 million. Man, I don't know if you remember the old TV show, the $6 million, man. Yeah. But now the NFL has a a 60 million million man, million dollar man. And he goes by the name of Dakota Rain Prescott. AKA Dak for short ocho. Yeah. That was the story before the game game. But boy on the field, the Cowboys handle business today where They look good today. They look good now. Go ahead. Hey, hey, listen, they, they, they, they look very good.


I'm not sure what's wrong with the Browns offense now, I'm not sure. Was it Mike Zimmer and the defense and the fact that they knew all the route concepts, all the route combinations with Jerry Judy and Amari Cooper who are phenomenal route runners, especially receivers that are great at creating separation. There was really no separation today. There was no separation today. I'm not sure what it was. I'm not sure what was going on. But I think I'm no offensive coordinator. But if I see my quarterback struggling and I'm, I'm speaking from, as a fan of the football, as a fan of football, I'm watching Deshaun Watson struggle from the quarterback position. So what do I wanna do?


Everything is always spread out. Everything is always spread out. Jerry Judy's out wide. Elijah Moore is in the slot. Amari Cooper's out wide condense the goddamn formations, condense the goddamn formations, put people in motion, allow 'em to, what, what do you call it when, when you, when you, you put Bunch formation? Yeah, Yeah. You, you condense the formations. Allow your quarterback to get in rhythm with quick throws. Oh, you want 'em to max protect, stop doing that protection. So, and get your quarterback in rhythm. They just continue to do the same thing over and over and over and over and over. And Deshaun Watson was never able to find any ki any kind of rhythm. Not get in, sing with, with his receivers.


They weren't able to string long, consistent drives together running the ball. They, they were okay. I'm not, I'm not sure how many yards forward had run the ball. Ford Was 12 for 44. They had 19 rushes, 93 yards. That, That's, that, that, that's, that's, that's not a, that's not, that's not enough. That's not enough. But they got the, the passing game. I don't like the fact that Joe Flacco was able to come in last year. And the offense looked completely different. It looked completely different. I don't know if they were called a different play for Joe f Flaco or what the hell was going on, but Deshaun Watson should not look the way he looked today. It shouldn't, it just shouldn't look like that.


Well, Deshaun hadn't had played a lot of football in three years. Let's start with that. But ocho that offense, you are not gonna win a game. You're not gonna win. Let me say, you're not gonna win a game. You are not gonna win many games when you start forced and 15, you're second and 15. Yeah. You are third and 15. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How many times did they get illegal formation on the right tackle? How many times did he get a holding on the right tackle the dude. It should be a crime to be that big And that, sorry, Hold on. That is that, that's the backup. That's the backup, right. Tackle. That's the backup. Okay. The backup. Okay. But you gotta do a better job than that Ocho. Yeah, because guess what? He gonna back his ass up to that pay window on, on Monday or Tuesday.


Oh, to collect that check. Yeah, exactly. See? Yeah. You know exactly what I was talking about. Yeah. Ocho, you can't have that. And I'm not saying J Jaan didn't look good. LaShaun hasn't looked good. And I don't know Ocho and, and, and as we go along and like I said, I like to see him get his his big guys back and to see what he is. But as time goes along, I'm starting to, I'm starting to become less and less sure that we'll ever see the Deshaun Watson. We once saw That coordinator. You got to un you got to understand. You got, you got to know, you got to know your team's strengths and weaknesses. If you know you Right.


If you know your right tackle, if you know there's a weakness there, put somebody over there and chip Micah. I agree. Crazy ass coming off the edge, all crazy doing what he's doing. Shorten down the offensive plays. Short, intermediate routes. Everything has dropped back five yards. Play action. Seven step drops. Why are you doing that when you know you have a weakness on the offensive line? Slant routes, quick out routes. Get your team in rhythm. Get your quarterback some confidence. Allow him to complete pa allow him to complete a string of passes to get him in rhythm to get a little confidence. It looked like his confident in shot.


Look at his mannerism getting up after getting sack. Look at his mannerism. Getting up after getting hit. Deep balls. He meant Amari. You gotta help your quarterback out too. On the deep ball. He drop. Yeah. Even even though you weren't winning the game just to get, just, just to get the team around going a little bit. Just to give your quarterbacks some confidence. You can't drop that deep ball big bro. You can't. Yeah, You right. I think that Elcho, if you look at the game early, you see the jump, the Carson 21 got on those balls. He know that ball gotta come by quick. Oh yeah. He like that. Them had already told him they can't block us. We jumping everything early. Might sit, sit right on it, sit right on it.


He jump and think. I'm like, bro, I said, y'all got to double move him to get it up up there. Yeah. But they know you can't double move because y'all got two rookies. Y'all got two backups playing tackle tackle. Yeah. Y'all been not when you double move, when he, when when Deshaun does this, Michael gonna hit him in his back. He gonna do that every time Or Or Delaw go hit him in his mug. So the cowboys give the Cowboys play defensively. They look good for it. They were on it today. They look good. The Cowboy's offense really didn't have to do a whole lot. If you look at Jack Dak numbers, Dak was 19 or 32. 1 79. They had 25 rush attempts for a 102 yards. So the average four yards of carry. But Dak wasn't, it wasn't like Dak threw for 2 50, 300 yards.


He didn't need to just don't put the ball in harm's way. Right. Deshaun Watson, 24 or 45. 1 69 mm One touchdown two. Its, he was sacked six times. He had a QBR less than 10. Do we, do we give, do we give, it's week one. I understand. Nobody plays in the preseason that are starters. Do We give Well maybe they should. Listen, I I told you we done talk, we done had that conversation. My black ass wants to be in the preseason. So when I get the week one, it's not unfamiliar territory.


I agree. Because you can practice all day long. When you get into a Gametime situation, it's completely different. Yeah. It's completely, Practice is not game. Practice is not practice is not game. And you can't convince your body that it is It Yeah. Just different. I mean, you go out there and practice, Hey, I'm trying to get everybody that workout show. I don't wanna give anybody no confidence that they cover me today. I want nobody talking ish in the locker room. I lock sharp up today. Or they jumping it up. Take it out. Yeah. Hey, if things happen, guys go get, get paid. I mean I done ran, think about how many times I done ran a seven route or comeback a dig an over a basic cross a wall route so they know what's coming.


But you know, I'm trying to get craftier, but no, so this is what we, this is what, this is what we doing. They don't play in the preseason and then they get out the, they get out the And, we jump out the gate. You look like this And we lose. Oh, if no, if, if you want to get out the gate faster, play something the preseason. Yeah. Do do we do we do we extend any type of grace to Deshaun because of the tackles being missing on the left and the right side. And it doesn't make it any better that you're playing against goddamn Michael Parson and Brother Gr and Brother Gregory. That doesn't make it any easier. You're playing against him. Defense. But don't you, you said it last year when he had the guys, he, he, Joe Flacco, he didn't look like Joe Flacco did and he had the starting tackles in there.


Yeah. That's what you just said. Yeah. Yeah. I-I-I-I-I don't understand it because he was playing, he hurt a shoulder. I mean the offense wasn't looking like it should look, but then all of a sudden Flacco comes in and all of a sudden I'm like man what the, what the hell is going on? Almost to the point where it got me thinking, man, y'all sabotaging my dog with the play calling. I'm just saying that's what it looked like. I'm not saying that's that's what they were doing. But how did Joe f Flaco come in? Boom. And and what F Flaco went over a four or five week run. Yeah. Are just a aerial assault. They need to, what the hell? They need to do a better job of running the football ocho when, look, you see you can't block him, but you gotta slow 'em down.


You gotta give 'em something else to think about. Yeah. Dropping back and doing, like you said scat protection when you got five men out and you know your two ca tackles can't hold up. Mm. You are inviting trouble. Yeah. You gotta run the football. Maybe you button that thing down and says okay, we gonna try to run the football and then may hey, and maybe we just go two man route off of that a after off a run action. But this what this game plan today. Nah, I get it. You know you don't have Chu Chubb is the focal point of that offense. Everything is built around Chubb being able to run the football and now we play action offense. Well it's hard, hard to play action when you Not able to run the ball. You ain't doing a whole lot.


Where you going? Who you fooling? Why am I coming down? Y'all ain't finna get, y'all not finna get back to hear me get back to me anyway. Right. So I'm just gonna stay right here. They gonna clean all that up. The front self gonna take care of all that. Mm. The Browns didn't look, look Ocho, I agree. It's week one, but the Browns really haven't looked good with Deshaun Watson in there. The best they look is when they came back and beat last year, they beat the, the Ravens. That was the best Deshaun look. That was a good game. That was the best. He's look, but as, as, as, as the games go by Ocho we can't, we can't keep using. Well, you know, he only played 13 games right? In this many years.


We know at some point, guess what? Because in those three years he was still collecting a check. Yeah. So let's see what happens when the tackles come back. But they're gonna have to pick this thing up Pit. Guess what, what, what can Pittsburgh do you think Dallas got after you? Did you see what Pittsburgh did? That lady, your Kirk cousins boy that goddamn TJ Watt. Well, he hell raiser. Hey. And you got the Ravens in that division. You know they're going to tack you. That's the division game. Ain't no love lost. Nah. 'cause the old, the, the, the, the old Ravens used to be the old Brown.


The, yeah. Used to be the Browns. But I think the Cleveland gotta figure this thing out. I think Jo now and Joko gets, and Joko gets hurt. What happened? Was it like, looked hit? Tweaked? It looked like he tweaked his, his ankle. Oh, it was his ankle. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. He got, he got drugged out. You know that drop tackle? He didn't drop. Yeah. But he drug, you know, and he and his ankle got pinned up under ah, so, but the Cowboys Dak Prescott, the highest paid player in the NFL history, the first quarterback to make $60 million annually. He threw for 156 yards in the first half. Only had 23 yards in the second half with a touchdown. And, but the defense was dominant.


Eric Kendrick, who came on our show, had a pick and a, and a sack. Sack. Yeah, A sack too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then Kete Turin turpentine, he had a a point return for a touchdown in third quarter that really broke the ball game open. And after that, but even before that touchdown, you never got the indication that Cleveland was a serious threat to the Cowboys today. Anyway, Sean Watson, 24 45, 50 3% completion, 169 yards passing two interception, $230 million guaranteed. And they're gonna have to pick it up.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back to it, Back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day needs today, back the day. Make it all right.


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five, or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal water crafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 SeaDoo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo, find your water visit see dew.com. Or find a dealer near you.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent. Perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to highrise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's k nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoke for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit, cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed


When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Ocho The Steelers beat the Falcons behind six field goal by Chris Bono. 1810. Russell Wilson aggravated a calf injury earlier in the week, gave Justin Fields an opportunity. Justin Fields from the Atlanta area, he completed 17 or twenty three, a hundred and fifty six yards. He rushed 14 times for 57 yards. But the most important thing for Justin Fields, he didn't turn it, turn the ball over. No. Chris Boswell is the kicker. Not Bono. Chris Boswell. And as the game went on, it looked like Justin Fields got more and more comfortable. Comfortable. Yeah. He, look I say this again.


The great thing that Tom Brady could do, he understood what type of game it was gonna be. Justin Fields look, ain't gonna be a whole lot of points score. First of all, Arthur Smith is not gonna turn me loose, is not gonna have me throwing and spread the ball all over the field. Yeah. Right. So let me, hey, get the ball to George Pickens. Let me hand this ball locked to Najee Harris and let them do what they do. And all I don't, as long as I don't put the ball in harm's way, I like our chance of winning this ball game. Yes. Good. They and that's exactly what happened. They did. Yeah. The Steeler's offense was, they didn't, couldn't finish drive, but they had a very reliable kicker. He kicked a 51 yarder, a 56 yarder, a 57 yarder to become the first Pittsburgh Steeler kicker to kick three field goals of 50 plus yards in a game in franchise history.


The question I got for you, Ocho. Yeah. If Russell Wilson is healthy next week, does he start or do you stick with Justin Fields? Absolutely not. You know, you know Russell Wilson is going back to his starting job. You know, Russell Wilson was awarded the starting quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers. Therefore, when he's back healthy, he's back in the slot. I think the offense in itself in general, especially with the playbook and the play calling with Arthur Smith, it opens up the playbook exponentially as opposed to it. As opposed to if Justin Fields was at the helm. Okay. 2, 2, 2 different, two different type of quarterbacks. Yeah. So I think the best fit for the Steelers would be Russell Wilson for the foreseeable future.


Okay. Meanwhile, the C for the Falcons gave first cousins a hundred million dollars guaranteed coming off a torn Achilles. Mm. To lead the offense feature in top 10 draft pick Bija Robinson, Drake, London, and Kyle Pitts and Atlanta brought back its entire offensive line. But cousins threw two interceptions. The Falcons only managed 45 yards in the second half and fumbled a bass snap to, to squash your first half drive. Which will this offense need more time to click? What's going on Ocho? Yeah, They goddamn week one. Boy. I'm telling you, it's hurting everybody. Huh? I tell you. No lie Bi John Robinson, the real deal cow pitch real deal.


Drake, London, the real deal man. I'm telling you, these boys ain't got no no type of, no type of, what's the word? What's the word? I, I don't wanna use the word chemistry. I'm just, they need that live action now, don't you? Yeah. No you don't. You don't, you don't, you don't think so. Lemme ask you this. Yeah. You notice how we make excuses for week one when we, nobody ever made excuses for us. Oh. But shit, we played in the preseason. Huh? So when we got week one, we, we was rolling, we was good. We was acclimated, acclimated the game speed. We wasn't going from zero to a hundred and them being goddamn damn surprised at the goddamn game speed. 'cause we not used to the tempo. I'm, listen, I'm not making this, I'm not, not making excuses for 'em, but it, it is week one.


Things are going to look sloppy. Things aren't going to look like they should look for defenses. It's a little bit easier defense. All you gotta do, the call comes in, you read and you react, you read and you react. That's it. So it's, I think it's a little bit simpler on their side of the ball. I think offenses, despite some teams that might win, some teams that gonna look better than the others. Yeah. Some teams are gonna look better than the others. For us being a part of team and when I played Endeavor, the one thing that I loved about Mike, he never let us use week one as an excuse. If we played good, he is like, Hey guys, hey, we played well, we won the game. Right. But there are some things that we can do better, but when we lost, it wasn't No.


Hey guys, you know, I, it's just week one, he is like, no, this is unacceptable. Yeah. And I like that. I like being held. I'm, I'm, I'm big on accountability. I, I'm, I'm big on accountability. 'cause I don't wanna plan excuses in guy's here because you know how the mine is wired. Oh, that's an excuse. You know, Hey, blah, blah, blah, this happened. The plane didn't take off on time. The somebody pulled a fire alarm. Ojo. And, we had to get up at two o'clock in the morning. Right, right. No, we don't do excuses here. We win or we lose. And, but they need to change this. If, if that's what's causing everything to look like it's looked in week one. Right. Well, how can they not play a game? Can they not get any action in the preseason?


I'm talking about like none. They can't get like 20 plays in two preseason games though. They can't get 20 plays. They can't get no plays. Man, them boys ain't do nothing. Some, some, some people didn't do nothing. Nathaniel Zero zilch obviously trying to, the trying to protect, protect the players from injury. I mean, listen, Ain't nobody guys get hurt because they don't do nothing. They don't get hit. Yeah. Hey, they'll learn. They'll Learn. I mean, there, there's a real ocho I mean you can't go out there, you done took two months off and all of a sudden you gonna say, you know what, I'm finna run full spree. I'm finna try to run the times that I was running when I was at my peak. Or you asking for trouble. Yeah. What else? What they ask these guys to do?


Yeah. Basically they've been running, they don't, you, you don't, you haven't done anything at game speed. Even when they give you the two minutes and they got the clock out there. Right. And it's like, okay, we got two minutes, we down by three or we got two minutes to go in the clock, we down by seven. Right. And they give you And, we got officials and they market it off and all that. That ain't the same. Nah, It ain't Not, not even close. So Ocho the question I got for you. Yeah. Will this offense need more time? The Falcon's offense, will it need more time than originally thought? Oh, Kirk Cousins, what do you think about cousins and how soon will we see Michael Pennix Jr? Nah, I don't, I don't think it's, it's, it's not time now it's not time to panic.


Especially for Kirk. I'm not even gonna mention week one. I think Kirk is gonna be fine again. He, in the regular season, he is a yardage Munster, a yardage Munster. So those numbers on are going to look like they should because of the quarterback they have at the helm and that they're gonna string some wins along. They're gonna string some wins along because they have a very special back in Bijan Robinson, they have very special back in Bijan Robinson who's going to take some of the pressure off of Kirk. So he doesn't have to be thrown it 40, 50 times a game. And I think he's gonna be okay. So I don't think we're gonna see penning Jr anytime soon. Are they gonna be in a situation where they can use him?


I mean, do, would you, would you wanna give him some packages early? Would you wanna do that? Would you, would do you want him to Say back? No, no, no, no, no. I'm saying Bijan, I'm saying Bija Robinson. Yes Sir. What, what'd you say? What was the question about it? I said are they gonna be in a position, are they gonna be in a situation where they don't have a choice? Because Ocho them fans gonna start booing, bro. You know, you know the most popular guy on unless he's, unless you got Mahome. Right. The most popular guy is the backup quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the first aid Ocho, the f when they, when the offense is stinking the first, what's the first thing they look to replace? Yeah, the quarterback. Quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't, I don't think, I don't think, and They talking about we need a spark. I, I don't think, nah, y'all need like 10 new players.


I don't think we, we not gonna get there. We not gonna get there. No. Okay. But he, he, I mean cousin that, look, look, he never, he's, he was never the most mobile, mobile Never been completely complete drop back quarterback. Never been A mobile. Yeah. He, he, he definitely, he definitely all pocket. But give the Steelers credit, they go on the road. Hell, it looked like a Steelers hall game. Did you see man, TJ Watt was pumping the crowd up. Yeah. But you know the steel, when You see the, on the road, when you see if somebody on the road and then somebody get it up, hold On. There are two teams that travel. Well I don't care where you go, but they could, you could be, you could be playing the goddamn damn Israel boy, the 80% of the fan base gonna be there.


The Steelers and the Eagles. They, they travel well, huh? Yeah. Packers travel. But the asking the seen, I, I've never seen anything like Pittsburgh though. Yeah, because you gotta understand the ocho, think about it, in the seventies, the Steelers were it. Right. So a lot of times that was the only team that you got an opportunity to see. Right Now you like the Cowboys and the, and the Packers go back. But when you start getting kids that grew up watching the Steelers and they come become displaced. So guess what? Steelers come to town. Yeah. I'm going to see 'em. Okay. That's the team I grew up rooting for. Right. That's the team I grew up watching. So while, you know, they have a one in thing recently, everybody remember the Steelers of the seventies mean Joe and who don't know mean Joe and Smacker two Jack Lambert, I mean all those guys.


Male Blood, my homeboy male, Donnie, shell, yeah. Bradshaw, Swan Stallworth rest his soul. Franco Rocky Bleier. And so they travel Ocho and the thing is, is that what you worry about is that their fans buying your home tickets. Tickets. Yep. And they being close and hit seems like a damn road game game because there's so many Steelers fans there and they're so close. Normally, you know, we put their ass up way up And, we can't even hear y'all. Y'all got y'all little, y'all got y'all little section, but y'all in the section 400, they down there in the bowl buying Up everything.


So Ocho What happened? I know what did happen. What? What You told me the Bengals. I told you New England was gonna open a can on y'all. Now I told you that. Now listen, this, this is what you should have known. Now when I picked the Bengals of Win, that was an emotional pick. That was a pick because I played there. That was a pick because they drafted me. That was a pick of me picking them to beat the Patriots because they allowed me to fulfill my childhood dream. Yeah. Now, you know good and well the goddamn bangle star Oh. And one for the past three years straight. And I didn't, can't do that. I I didn't think anything would change this year as well. I was just picking them simply because I love my Bengals.


I didn't think they was, I didn't think they was really gonna win because listen, we have, we have a history of doing the same thing starting out. Slow out the gate. Oh, one, one, oh and two. But matter of fact, matter of fact, can I say something real quick? Go Ahead. We play the Chiefs next week, right? Yeah. I'm telling you, I'm telling you right now. That's everybody in the chat. If you, if you're a bettman, if any of you are, are, are gamblers, I'm telling you right now, Moneyline Bengals beating the chiefs next week, week two in Arrowhead. Now you, you I, can I get something on that? I put that on any Now put that, I put that on anything. IGI want a hundred. I guarantee you I want a hundred T Higgins' plan. I want a hundred.


A hundred. What? Whatever. Pay sos. Don't do that. Don't do that. You don't lose your money. 'cause now you finna lose your money in front of everybody in the chat. Na To I I would lose it. You gonna lose Your money. Money. Okay. Take it now. Any, any, any side best in the chat. Put your money, put your money where your mouth is. I guarantee you. But listen, we, we didn't, we didn't, we didn't, we didn't look good today. Y'all sure didn't. We We, we didn't look good today. We we didn't look good on offense. You did not, we didn't look good on defense. We didn't look good on special teams. You Did not, you did not All three phases of the game. We didn't look good, look bad. But you know what we get to do? We get to regroup. We have a thing called the 24 hour rule in Cincinnati.


We watch film, we correct the mistakes and once 24 hours passes, we're on to the next game. And the next game for us is the Kansas City Chiefs. Congratulations to Jacobi. Congratulations. Toro Mayo. It's starting his season off as the head coach of the New England Patriots Would win. Nah, stop trying to, to steady shine. Let's get Jerard May. Gerard May gets his first win as head coach. The bingo started out to scale again for the second straight season opener. The Bengals were held Starless in the first half. In fact, theyre by twin 10 or more for the third straight season opener and haven't scored a touchdown in the first half of week one since 2021.


The chemistry, especially on offense wasn't there in the absence of t Higgins hamstring noticeable coming off wrist surgery. The that end of the season a year ago, Burrough seemed hesitant to push the ball down the field. 16 of his first 20 pass attempts were than five yards of the line of scrimmage. Cincinnati was unable to start the rushing attack of the Patriots early in the game, which allowed the Patriots to build a lead and protect it. Yeah. The Andre Stevenson, the 25 carriers, a buck 20 had a touchdown. They ran the ball 39 times for 170 yards. Jacobi Burett was 15 or 24 for 121 yards. Did a great job.


The Volume hear that pumpkin, that's fault calling. And the pumpkin spice latte is back at Starbucks from that first sweater to late autumn weather. It's all a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.


If you're a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better. They offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com Or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.