
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Lowe's nose, A thriving yard starts with quality care. Right now, get Miracle Row Threequarter Cubic Foot All Purpose Garden Soil for just $2 was $4 and 58 cents. Plus, get a free Select Ego, 56 volt trimmer or blower with the purchase of a Select Ego. 56 volt mower. The best yard starts with the best deals. Lowe's, we help you save valid through five 14 Excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes. Its a per sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


Hello, it is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from Greenlight, ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save, spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


The Volume Shadur spoke to the media today and had a couple of notable sound bites. Listen to what Shadur on critics said that he didn't have the talent to be selected at the top of the draft. Let's take a listen of what Sha door had to say. Ocho, And I mean, thank you for saying that. 'cause I don't like, my job here isn't to prove people wrong. Like I prove myself right? That that's, that's, that's, and I, and I fully have self-belief, You know, and what, what those people say.


That's, that's just their opinion. So I don't truly care. They, they, they don't really live in my mental space about that type of stuff. Really doesn't do anything for me. For me. I like that. And that's what I tell people. Your job is not to prove somebody wrong. It's your job to prove yourself right. And if you prove yourself right in the process of proving you right, you'll prove them wrong. Oh yeah. And, and that's the thing that, You know, you have to learn. And it's, it's been a process. Stop worrying about what people that don't know you think, Think. I think a Lot of that, stop worrying about that because I ocho you heard me say this all I want people to love.


I was just, I just need the people that I love to love me. Come on now. See You. Trying to see you. You trying to, and, and, and, and, and, You know, obviously the elephant is not in the room. He outside. But yeah, everybody knows what I'm going through. A lot of people have a lot to say, Come on now. But As my brother been calling me a lot of, I've met a lot of people and thank you all, everybody that's reached out and, and the thoughts and prayers, I, I sincerely appreciate that. But, but when you think about it, Ocho man, 50%, 50% of the people don't care that you got problems. Right? The other 50% glad that you got 'em. So now what? Come past Them.


Come on, pastor them. Take your time. I agree with you. Do. I'm not worried about, look, I'm where I am. This is where I'm in Cleveland, 30 other 31 other teams that didn't select me. And I understand that there's some teams, You know, Cincinnati and Baltimore and certain teams weren't in the realm. Buffalo or a quarterback. Or Quarterback. Right? I'm not talking about those. Thank you Cleveland, for giving me an opportunity because sometimes all you need is an opportunity. That's it. And now what you do with that opportunity would tell us Who and what you are. Yeah. But the, the thing is Ocho is that, You know, you have to learn that.


I'm, I'm learning it's still a learning process, is that you gotta drown out the noise, man. Yeah. You can't be concerned with everybody because everybody's gonna have an opinion. Everybody think they know you. They really do. Everybody thinks they know you when they really don't. Right. They heard this or they heard that, that, have you ever talked to Shannon? Have you ever been around with Shannon? Have you been around ocho? Have you been to no Cho's presence? So what makes you, what makes you think You know him? How well do You know her? So Shado, just go do your thing. Yeah. That's all. That's, that's all he can do. Now Ojo is, is now it's about playing. That's at some point in time. The talking We'll stop. Yeah. The play will start. Yeah. The cream will rise to the top.


Top and then we'll have something to talk about. But right now, I, I've, I don't really, Yeah, They keep, I, I think sometimes I think they keep, they wanna make him frustrated. They want him to make him lash out. Yeah. I should been busy. I should have been that. He's too well schooled. He's not that he's not like that. He's too well schooled. Hey, I call, I call it he's seasoned. Even though he just getting here based on where he's coming from, he's seasoned, he's already prepared, mentally prepared for this. He's gonna be fine now. And the one thing I do like is I wanna prove me wrong. I wanna prove me wrong. We have too many people today, and especially in today's society, we're in a social media era where everybody is worried about looking a certain way, dressing a certain way, looking at the part, looking like I have it.


Because they're so worried about what everybody else's gonna say. Every morning you get up and, and you look in that mirror. That's the person you are in competition with. Yep. That's it. That's the person I need to beating from yesterday. Ocho, Every time. Honestly, I just need to be better today than that guy was yesterday. Yeah. I'm good. Yeah. Every time and every time you look in the mirror. Right. And you have to understand, I'm competing against me. Yes. And anytime you compare yourself to somebody else, comparison to the thief of joy. Yep. Gonna be sad every time, depending on who you're comparing yourself to, man, she, you better put them goddamn damn horse behind on lake, at the Kentucky, Kentucky, Kentucky Derby. Put your head down and just go straight forward.


That's it. At your, at your own pace. 'cause you don't know, you don't know nothing about nobody else story. No. You don't know nothing about nobody else. Story. Focus on your food right there in front of you and stop trying to pick off what other people plate you. Man. You gonna be all right, man. Too many people, they lose like that. Huh? They lose like that word by everybody else. And you drive yourself crazy trying to please everybody too. You do. You do. Because at the end of the day, are you happy? Mm. Because there have been times, don't you, when in the process of trying to please somebody, I was trying to please everybody else, but the one person that was unhappy was me. So in the process, I, everybody else is happy. Everybody's ecstatic. They do it. I'm giving, they doing this and they doing that.


And I'm miserable. I'm asking myself, is it enough? What else do I need to do? Because I'm trying to make sure everybody else is happy. Yeah. Yeah. And deep down inside, I'm, I'm dying. That's a, it's one thing to be alone is something else entirely different. To be lonely. See, there are two different things alone and lonely. So you can be alone and be content with that. You can be some, you can be with someone and be lonely. Hold on, hold on, hold on.


Hey, boy. Said something just there. Right? It's, that's a very fine line. Ojo. That's a very, very fine line. Boy, you just said something just there, boy. Hey, alone and lonely. You could be alone, but it don't mean you lonely. Correct. Absolutely. Correct. Hey, that juicy, that juicy. Next time I get, when I get in my next argument, I get in my next argument with Shannon. I'm I'm, I'm gonna use that, that, yeah.


Yeah. I'm gonna use that. It's, it's, but a lot of times, Ocho and, and the thing is, is that like, when you've been alone for a long period of time Right. You realize that you really don't have time bs. Mm. But You know, we talk about humans though, huh? Yes. You know, we all come with a little baggage now. Yes. Now, when you're alone for a very long period of time, depending on how long that period may be, you go into it with understanding at some point, even though you don't wanna deal with no bs it come with something.


Yeah. Ocho I think the thing is, is that something, what I've learned in my life Is that you are dating a person's past and all the trauma that's in that past. And people don't understand that. And, and the thing is, is that people don't put on their resume. Because if I, if I have to fill out something, you think I'm gonna put my worst attributes on that resume, I'm gonna put my best foot forward. Yeah. And I'm gonna tell you all the reasons why I should have this job. Not the reasons why I shouldn't. So if a person wants to be in a relationship, they're gonna tell you all the things that show you all the things, the reasons why you should select he or her in that relationship.


I like that. I like that. It's not what You know, that hurts you. It's what you find out that hurts you. Mm. I I'm done Joe. I, I ain't I? Come on. Come on, come on. I'm done. Come on. I'm done. I'm done. Come on, come on. Hey Pastor Sha don't do the congregation like that because I know, I know the chat. I know I'm not the only one taking notes. I know the chat. I chat, I know y'all taking notes. Don't, don't lie to me now, but take your time now. That, That, I think that's the thing. People are like, what, I don't know won't hurt me. But what you find out later could hurt you. Yeah. See, that's why I love, I love, I love, I love starting, I love starting. And, and for us and for people that are known, where, where it's, it's a simple Google, when you talk about people filling out their resumes and always putting their best foot forward when they meet people, You know, for those that don't like, to be honest, like, listen, I come with baggage.


I come with A, B, C, and D. Yes. But I'm gonna check the boxes and what you need done for you and your life and me helping you. I'm also gonna provide, provide d, e, and F. So can we counter or can we balance and come to a happy medium where you understand what baggage I do have and bitch, can you unpack it? Right? That's it. Because you're not going to meet anybody where everything is. Oh my God. No, no, no, no, no, no. Right. It that's, that's not reality. I think the, but we love to make it. We make, we love to make it seem like you're the greatest thing women all the time. Oh, he fumbled me. You mean to tell me everybody you came across fumbled you.


Mm. Must, must have been rainy. Must've been, must have been rainy. You must be real slippery. You can't hold on. You're Hold on you that much of a catch. Damn. No marriage. Every relationship. Like it's, it. It's because we're all human. At the end of the day, no matter what we may think about ourselves, you gotta you gotta feel highly about yourself. You, you have to. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. You wanna listen. We just, we just regular folk, at the end of the day, You know, You know, you put your stuff on your aesthetics and your jewelry, your makeup. When you take all that shit off, that's the real, you, you still it. You still just, you, you just human. I, I, I think at the, at the end of the day, Ocho, is that what I, what I wanted to say?


I wanted to say, I forgot my train of thought. I was, I was gonna say something. I don't know if it was profound or not, but I wanted to see, I wanted, I wanted to say it. It'll, it'll, it'll, it'll come. It'll come back to me. Come On. Take take, take your time. Take your time now. It was what I wanted to say. It was on the tip of my tongue. And I want, and I, I, out of, I, I don't let it slip my mind. I'm gonna go upstairs tonight and I'll be thinking about it. Say, that's what I wanted to tell Ocho. That's, that's exactly, oh, I know what this young lady told me one time. She said, Shannon, you got a lot of scar tissue.


Mm. She said, but let me love you with all those scars. She say, Shannon, the thing is with you, you don't know how to receive love. Mm. I don't know if you've ever been loved, but I do know you don't know how to receive it. She said, I'll love you past all those scars if you just allow it. I wanted to put my head on the shoulder and cry with you. That's what I wanted to do. But, You know, at that stage, pride wouldn't let me.


It wouldn't let me. So I think that's the the thing that we all want. We wanna be loved. We wanna be appreciated. Yeah. Boy, you got, boy, you got me about to tear up, bro. Well, you, you don't, you don't, you don't see my eye. Boy, you got boy. Ooh, that was a But say that, say that one more time. Say, say, say the line about the scars. Say, say the line you told me About the scar. She said she wanted to love, she wanted to love me in spite of my scars. She said, I see the scar tissue. She said, I see the hurt in your heart. I hear the way you talk. I see the way you look. She said, I hear all, I see it. And I hear all of that.


She said, but I could love you past all that. She said, I just need you to receive the love that I'm trying to give you. Mm. What that deep there boy, people don't underst people don't understand, man. Is it, that was good. Chador had a hilarious response after being asked if he was going buy number two off Deandre Carter. Let's take a listen to what Shado had to say about number two Jersey. You try to buy two from Deandres? No, I'm not trying to buy anything. My signing bonus ain't that high right now. I, I don't believe you should do her. You gotta have some bread. Like I said.


Yeah. When I went to Baltimore ocho I didn't want no, I I I didn't want a, a odd number. I didn't want 81 or 83, 85, something like that. I didn't want that. Right. I want a even number. I I went to Jamal Jermaine Lewis, who had number 84 at the time. Yeah. I remember Jermaine. I offered him, he and I said, I'll buy you and your wife matching Rolex. You get a his, she get a hers. Woo. He said, nah, I wanna keep it. So I ain't never really liked. I mean the 88 number just didn't seem well with me. Nah. Frank 82 sat, well, 82 was cool. Frank ran white. Frank ran, Wright had it. And I was like, I hear about, I said, freaky frank man.


What you want for that number? He was with, if I'm not mistaken, I think he was with me a, a couple, like in 99. He ended up getting released. He was with me in Denver. So I kind of knew him a little bit. I said, pre call him freaky Frank. I said, freaky Frank man, what you want for 82? He like, Sharpie y don't want anything, you can have it. I said, nah, nah, nah, freaky frank. That your number, you gotta give you something and I wanna give you something. I said, what I mean, what you like to do? What's your hobbies? He said, man, sharp, I don't like to do anything but fish. Yep. Man. I said, here, I said, how much does a bass boat cost? He said, he say sharp, you don't have to do that. I said, huh? You bought a boat? I bought him a bass boat. Damn. I did. I bought him a bass boat.


Hey, if I, if I was willing to give, You know, back then Rolex was probably his, and hers probably been about 30,000. If I was willing to do that, to get that, get the 84 a bass boat. Right. They paid like 14 grand for it. Well, that's it. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Oh, so you, you got off much better. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, and plus Ozzy kind of had that number. I said, but it, I said, Ozzy ain't the same. It ain't Cleveland. I said, if it was Cleveland, it'd be one thing. It didn't, you ain't, this ain't Cleveland. So, but it was good. It, it worked out. And so I don't blame you do, I ain't paying that money. I ain't paying nothing either a fifth round draft pick. Now when I got 84, 'cause I was 81 my first two years Ocho.


Right. And then Ricky Na ended up going to, I think he went to Tampa or something. Man. When I found out he wasn't coming back, man, I called Dan so quick. I said, Dan, can I get 84? He's like, absolutely Shark. I said, Hey, hey. I called, I called equipment guy. What was his name? Bill, bill something. Ron. Ronnie Bill? No, Ronnie Bill was the uncle. But anyway, his nephew was the equipment guy at the time. I said, bro, right. You might as well go ahead and take that sharp off 81 and put it on the back of 84. I already called Dan. Yeah.


Boy, you talking about happy. I felt, ah, damn. 84. This is me. Hey, have hey. Having that, having the number. You want to just do something to you. It does. Can I ask a question? Yeah. Deon, Deandre, Carle. Yeah. What, what, what, what position young boy. Play. Play. I know. What, what position did Deandre Carter play? Is he, he probably offense, I'm a thinking receiver. What was he in college? He had to be a higher draft pick than, than Shado wasn't he? So he is a rookie. He's a rookie coming in. He's not a rookie. He already had it. Oh. He might have came in free agency Ocho. And Why mean, why wouldn't he give hold on now when you have a single digit number, right?


Yeah. When you wear that single digit number, you understand that, boy, what come, you understand what comes with that. Whether it be Pop Warner Middle School high school. Wow. In the NFL, everybody with a single digit number Is that boy Deandre Carter. He's been number 16. Number 14, number 19. He's been won twice. He's been 82, he's been three. He's been 11 now. He's number two. Why you named so many numbers? Because he's been on that many teams. All right. No disrespect to him. I hope young boy has a, a phenomenal season and show that You know what, out with that number two on Handy your business. But hey, number two, Hey, you got any, Hey, anytime.


Anything from one to nine, you gotta be special. Yeah. You cannot wear no single DJ number If you not like that. Listen. That, that's, that's why I said why would, why would, okay. But, but I hope young, that's Mandatory. Yeah. I mean, period. Certain Things are just mandatory. That is mandatory. And that's, it's an unwritten rule too, at that. Yes. HBCUs, any college, I mean, NFL single digit numbers are for those who are are Like That, like that. And come, they put butts in the seats. But that's neither here nor there. Yeah, For sure. I was, I was single digit ever since because I took the number three from my brother.


So I went three all the way through high school and I went two all the way through college. Mm. Yeah. I wish, I wish we coulda had single digit numbers. 'cause I definitely would've got number two. Well, Mike Had Oh, oh, back, back then. Yes. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I definitely would've got number two. Well, Mike, who ran the punter had it, but as soon, soon as he left, I'd have got it. Because back then on your, it wasn't like it is now. You got a number and if you change numbers, you gotta buy all the jerseys and circulation and all that. They just, I had, I had to do that. Yeah. Oh, did you? Oh yeah, absolutely. I, I and I listen, I had no problem doing it because I understood.


I understood what that name change had done. Ocho we know how the media likes to critique any misstep time sons to paint a false narrative. I bet they won't highlight how respectful they are. Watch the video of Hil Shiloh. Shake it every media member hand before start of first availability. Let's take a listen. Ocho My new media team here. There you go. How you doing? That's all we got. You see, man. Hey, good, Logan. Good shout, move on. Rock pleasure man. Brandon, Jenna, Scott, nice to meet you. Logan Lee, please meet Rob. There you go.


Thanks. Oh my god. We camera right here. There you go. Appreciate my guy. Nice. Nice. Alright. I'll just stand right here. According to Gentle Lane, Shiloh was the only player who's done that this week. He said Bucks were the first team to call. He's forever grateful that they gave him a chance. Hey, listen, you might, you might wanna make friends with him now. 'cause they, they going, they going, they gonna be right there. They gonna be like gnats. They, hey, they gonna be like, and they gonna be fair. You know? So everything is up. That's all we ask. Yeah. Yeah. They, they gonna be fair. Everything is up to you. You might as well be nice to 'em. 'cause they gonna, they gonna be in your face for a very, very long time.


I'd be so good that when I have a bad game, it's like, Hey, this is an aberration. This is not how he normally plays. Yeah, that's, I mean, I was very, very fortunate. I think the thing, I think the thing is Ocho like, when you come in as a low draft pick, you get a lot more grace, right? Because there's not the expectation of a first, second, third round pick on you. So he's an undrafted fridger. So he'll get more benefit of the doubt than someone that was a first, second or third year. First second or third round pick. Or a veteran player that's played for a number of years. Kinda like I was seven round pick O Joe. What they gonna say? Oh, he not very good. I was seven round pick. But when I got good, he was like, Hey, I remember this guy with special teams. We saw how hard he worked, blah, blah, blah, x, y, and Z.


Right? Go give the grace. But he will have earned it. He would have earned it.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile, the message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This Message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 oh mg. Aging is a natural process as we all know, and we at the deep dive we embrace it. But I will tell you one thing about aging that I don't care for. It's the symptoms that stem from changing hormones, especially as you get closer to perimenopause and menopause. That's why listeners I wanna tell you about happy mammoths hormone harmony. It's all over social media. Happy mammoth. The company that created hormone harmony uses science-backed ingredients that have been proven to work for women. Hormone harmony is perfect for those menopause symptoms that put a woman's life on hold. Hot flashes, night sweats, racing thoughts, low moods, poor sleep, gas. No desire to be in bed next to someone, if You know what I mean. Yeah. Hormone harmony can help with all of these things. I've noticed a little extra pep in my steps since I started taking the hormone harmony supplement and I love feeling more energetic. For a limited time, you can get 15% off on your entire first order@happymammoth.com. Just use the code Garth at checkout.


Jeff rookie Armand Mumbo didn't realize he would be rich after signing his rookie contract. Ocho take a listen to what he had to say. What was yesterday like for you signing your first contract? It was pretty cool, especially once, like I looked at Autumn zeroes in the page. I was a fi that's what I, I didn't realize how much money I was getting, but now it was definitely a blessing for sure. Yeah. You, them zeroes either. Hey Boy, look at them zero. And the funny, the funny thing about it is he got drafted. You went through the whole process and didn't know how much you were getting paid until you looked at the goddamn check. Which lets me know that young boy is strictly about the game of football.


What round You picked at how You don't know. No. What what pick Because He probably ocho because You know a lot of them guys that, that, that the, that contract guarantee. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Depending on how high you go. Yeah, absolutely. He self pick the draft. Oh, his contract fully guaranteed. Oh, he number seven. Yeah. Yeah. He fully guaranteed. No. What? No. What did he, oh yeah, boy, Mil Oh Two different. They probably gave a good 15 signing bonus. Yeah. Different. I know. We feeling good.


Feel real good. Great. Hey, it's funny, it's funny how your life change just like that man in the matter of 24 Hours. Huh? Just, just like that 24 Hours, all the work you put in, all the, the ups to downs, the obstacles. Oh my goodness. That got that, that I remember that feeling like it was like it was yesterday. Well, I don't remember. I don't remember that. That didn't happen to me. Mr. Bull made me outta his back pocket. I, Hey Ojo, I got understand. I made 60 my, my, my, my rookie contract, my base salary, my rookie year was $63,000. Damn. Yeah. 73. I made 73 the next year. Damn. Oh, you only had a $10,000 raise.


10,000. Oh, I got a, I got another 10,000 if I lead, if I got 10,000, if I lead special teams in tackle, I got 7,500. If I got second and I got 5,000, so I, You know, I picked up, I picked up five one year, picked that 10 the next. Right, right, right. Okay. And the 10, 10 come had, You know what I'm saying? No joke. Yeah. Hey, it's so funny back then, if you think about the times we're now, look at the prices of everything now. The economy we're in now, back then, $63,000. Oh, that was a lot of goddamn money. Boy, I was a banker. I was a good high end banker. Yeah. That was a lot of good money, boy. Yeah. Yeah. Ooh, we, and then, You know, that was when I had the incentives. That's why I was upset Ocho because remember I told you I had a hundred thousand dollars if I got a thousand yards receiving.


Right. And I had 9, 9, 5 at the half and didn't catch another pass. Didn't get another pass thrown my way. Well, ain't tell a quarterback. I went to the pro. I was the first team all pro and made 3 25 Mm. I was, oh, I made the Pro Bowl my third year. I made 2 25 go back, made the Pro Bowl again. Let all the tight even catches touchdowns and yards. First team all pro, me and my brother, first team, first team all pros. 3 25. That's crazy. That other that hundred, that hundred would've came in good, don't you? Yeah. It would've came in real, real nice. Yeah. Well my, it is funny. My h my how times have changed Now times.


Oh, what was the, what was the first thing you bought? You got your sign in bonus. You probably got half a meal. Seven 50. What? The first thing you bought. Oh my goodness. I I I, I remember signing that, that, that check and leaving Mike Brown's office. I will never forget. And I'm not sure the signing boats signing bonus had anything to do with the purchase or, or anything. But I went to McDonald's right in Cummington right over the bridge next to the Waffle House. And I celebrated signing my first, my, my first deal and the first thing I bought or purchased. Golly. Huh. It might've been I got my first Chevy.


Yeah. It probably wasn't nothing I got during the season. I think it might've been in the off season. I bought my first Don for those that are in the chapter from Miami. Got You bought Don Chevy. Yeah. I, I bought my first Don and I, I never forget, I'm sure Van Dyke could probably see this Van Dyke. You'll probably remember that day, a friend of mine, he owns a restaurant called I Crave right here in Miami. Very good soul food spot. So if you ever come down here to to Miami, you gotta check out. I crave, I bought my first Chevy from Van Dyke. Remember I bought him, I forgot how much it was, but I bought him a cash and a a little envelope. And that, that was my first car because that was always a dream car of mine. It was always something. I looked at some of the, the older, the older, You know, dudes had in my area in Liberty City.


And I was like, You know what grandma, one day I want one of them. And she said, boy, you'll never have no guy, you won't be driving out all that, all that noise and dripping oil in my driveway. And now that was my, my first pers I was like, finally I made it. I can get one for myself. Well I went to Dairy Queen got a bacon double cheeseburger, large fry, vanilla milkshake and Oreo blizzard. Wait where? Dairy Queen? Dairy Queen? You said a burger? A bacon, double cheeseburger. Dairy Queen sell things outside of this ice cream. Yeah. The hell, I ain't know That. Yeah. Fish sandwiches. Yeah.


Well Ashley, they got steak fingers now. Wait, there's no, it can't be no Dairy Queen in Miami. 'cause I'd never heard of an ice cream place that's known for ice cream selling anything outside ice cream. Nah, They do, You know they do burgers. Y got 31 Flavors. Where you at? You know 31 Flavors? Baskin Robbins. Oh. Oh, that's Baskin Robbins? Yes. Dairy Queen and Baskin. Robs is something entirely different. Baskin Roberts only sell ice cream. Right. Dairy Queen sell other stuff too. Okay. I, You know, I never knew That. They sell hot dogs. They sell chicken tenders. They sell fish filet fish sandwiches. Hey y'all, Y'all got, they have a single cheeseburger, double and a triple. Right. But I know that I got, got the bacon double cheeseburger.


Huh? You haven't been to jumbos? Y'all they got jumbos where you from? No. What about White Castle? Not, not where, bro, I'm from a small town. We had, we had Dairy Queen and we had Hardee's. Oh. See that's, I ain't, yeah, see that's, that's why you from, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I ain't know nothing about no White Castle until maybe I got to Colorado. We had, they had crystals like in Savannah. I heard. I, You know, I I I was on the road. I think I might've been to Day Daytona, they crystals in day in Daytona. Right. If I'm not mistaken. Yeah. I was, I went to NASCAR and I, I went to Crystals with some folks and I, it was cool. It was cool.


I enjoyed it. My first time having in North Carolina, I went to, I had cookout. I ain't never heard of that. Y you Ever had what? Uhuh? You never heard a Cookout? Nope. Oh man, I stopped outside the road driving home and ate a Cracker Barrel though. Oh. Hey, cracker Barrel good now. It, You know, some people don't like it. And I, I hear, I hear all the, the chirps in the, if you mama in there, Hey Listen, hell seem like everybody else be stopping trying to get Cracker Barrel too. Right. Hey, the Mama's breakfast from Cracker Barrel, the pancakes with the, with the egg scramble with the, with the sausage. And I have 'em warm. I have 'em warm a syrup. So it'll come out hot. Man. Stop playing. Yeah. What we talking about?


Yeah. So yeah, bro, you, you, you, you straight now. But I tell people all the time, Hey, how much you make is how much you keep. Oh yeah. All The time. Hey, hey, look, if there's something that you always wanted, hey, get your mom a little pick. Crab you a crib. You ain't gotta get your mom no 20,000, 10,000 square feet. Get your mom, mom, mom. Something that she can keep, You know, she can keep up herself. And, You know, you wanted something. I know you, there's something that you wanted a special type of car. I mean, considering that you're in New York, you're probably gonna get an SUV. You need something that you can drive all the time. So whether it is a, a g wagon or a Range Rover or something that You know, that you hey stylish in the spring and summer.


But also it gets cold, it gets snowed and around in New York. So you gonna have to, you, it needs to be, have a dual purpose. Now, unlike, You know, if you in Tampa, you in Miami, hey, it ain't gonna snow. You can get you, you can get you, You know, roads or belly lift. I'm I'm saying if you a high, high round draft pick, if that's what you want. Yeah. Whatever it is that I've always wanted. You get that. But yeah, just, but after that, bro, like, hey, stock that money. Yeah. Most definitely. Stock It. Yeah. Oh, matter of fact, matter of fact, before we keep on, before we keep going, for all the mothers that are in the chat, if you're on the, if you're on the East Coast Happy Mother's Day to all of you, to my baby.


I know you're probably asleep when you watching Happy Mother's Day to you as well. And that's pretty, that's pretty much it. Yeah. Happy Mother's Day, obviously we're damn, we're not on tomorrow, are we? Yeah. Lemme go and get it down 'cause we're not on tomorrow with you. So Happy Mother's Day. To everybody that's on the East Coast. Any, even if you're not on the East Coast Happy Mother's Day. This is your day. Enjoy, enjoy this day. And many, many more to come because you've earned it. You've earned this day, brunch, whatever the case may be, bottomless, mimosas, whatever the case, you and your girls or your mimosas, whatever it is, Drake, to your heart content.


Whether it's you and your girls, you and your hubby, your boyfriend, your significant other, or it's just a family outing to all the mothers out there. Congratulations for the job that you do. And hopefully you enjoy your day because you've earned this day. Man. They don't do nothing like that for us. Oat your old Father's day, Huh? Hey, listen, I, I, You know, Don't look it out. What, what do all the athletes say when they get to camera and them? Hey mom, everybody. Hey Dad. Ain't nobody holding no sides. Say, Hey dad. Hey mom. Hey. I was not to for Hey granny. Well, my, at that time, my grandmother was the only one alive.


All my other, my grandparents had passed away. So No, but to all the moms out there, sincerely, from the bottom of our heart here at Nightcap, Ojo and I, we want to wish you a very, very special day. And hopefully you enjoy this day. Basically. I mean, you basically can celebrate up to all the great mothers out there that's doing a wonderful job. You really should have every day as Mother's Day, because this is a huge undertaking to raise kids, to raise a family, to be that, that person, that rock, that foundation. So we just wanna say thank you for the job that you do. I'm going, I'm going to, I'm going to the, to the grave site early in the morning. I think they open at 8, 8, 9 o'clock, going out there probably at the old girl.


And my and my grandma sit down, sit down there with them, them for a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you are you going out there? You gonna eat with 'em? Yeah. You know, well, I don't, I don't eat. I got my coffee and my cigar and I got a little chair in the, I got a little chair in the back of my truck. Yeah. I sit in the little chair out there, You know, and I play, I play some of the old school Mississippi mass choir. Right. You know, had a song. James Cleveland. Yeah. Jade Reverend James Cleveland. Reverend James Boy. Yeah. Yeah. My grandfather loved him. Hey man, listen man, and just sit down Fire blind boys. What You know about the fire blind boys? Man, I never forget. I always, I always, I always think about, I always question life after death and where do people go?


You know, once they pass on it, they, they transition. And I always, I always say it all the time. Every blue moon, even even on, I think on here before, I always look for signs. Yeah. If you love me the way you said you did when you were alive, how come you never talk to me once you left? I never get any signs. People say, well, signs are always there. They're always there. You just never pay attention. So I started paying attention to everything that was not normal that went along or went on in my life. And still to this day, grandma passed away in 2018. My grandma, I mean, yeah, my mama been gone now since 2021. And I just been waiting on a sign of some sort, You know, the whisper sometimes, You know, you hear people say, my mama came to me and my grandma came to me, or Soandso came to me and my dream, and I could hear her voice.


I just haven't gotten that sign yet. And I, I can't wait. I can't wait for that day where I can get that sign just to know that they okay. Or they doing well or just Sometimes I, I think sometimes don't, Joe, when we looking for signs, I I Think you say speak to us, you looking for 'em, like you and I are talking right now. Yeah. And it doesn't happen like that. I mean, sometimes the other come to you, your dream, I mean. Right, right, right. You know, people say, man, and it would just seem like just yesterday I was just talking, You know, to my, my mom or my dad or somebody, a significant other in my family that I've lost and they were having a conversation. Right. And that's happened. I've actually, You know, been in a dream and I tell my sister, I, I was having a conversation with granite and it just seemed like it was just so real.


Mm. But yeah, that's, that's tough. Yeah. Man, that's, that, that's tough to, because you want you, I mean they, my, You know, I, I say I think Ocho for me, my grandmother saw a lot of what I've accomplished. I mean, she's, I mean, she was there, You know, going to college and I, and, and I, and I was talking, I was telling somebody, I was like, probably the, the, the, the proudest that I probably, that I think I've been, my grandmother came to see my last college game, last college game. I played at Savannah State. My grandmother came, she had never seen me play before that they brought my, my sister them brought her out on the field.


And, You know, it's like, hey, You know, no, no. Boy, I gave a look. Ocho my grandmother came on the field and then she came to see me graduate. Mm. At college, man. Mm mm That's Love to see, that's, to see that, to see a baby catch a touchdown in his final game at Savannah State to see a baby get that degree. Because I told, I told people, I tell this story all the time on yo my grandmother sent me to Savannah State for two reasons to get a degree and go to the NFL. I didn't know which one was gonna happen for, but they were both going to happen. Yeah. My grandma didn't see me around there to, to, to, You know, bull drive around.


I like, I'm here if I'm here. And I, and I never understood that, that some people go to college for four years and they're further from graduating than when they got there. How the hell did that happen? Yeah. Oh, I'm here. And I started in developmental studies. Ocho Yeah. Developmental studies. Man, I wasn't embarrassed. They couldn't embarrass me. All them guys, they didn't want to go to class, man. They gonna think I'm dumb. Well, theoretically, you're about to by, by the letter on the law. You are. But the objective is, is not to stay that way, man. The joke was flunked out because he wouldn't go to school.


Dang. What? I'm going up in the ocho. Go right to that trailer. I first went sitting in class, I go get that good old, get them biscuits, sausage biscuits, scrambled eggs. Yeah. Orange juice belly fool. Go sit up there and learn. I'm not embarrassed. I'm not embarrassed for the results I didn't get for the work that I didn't put in. I didn't put in. Oh, that's, I know I didn't do what I was supposed to do in high school. So how could I expect exemplary results when I gave Bull Jive effort? Mm. I put the work in, I put the effort in, the results came. It's really that simple. It really is. It's, it's not, it's not the Pythagoria theorem.


It's not this over overly complex situation. Ocho hard work doesn't guarantee you anything. But I believe without it, you don't really have a chance. See, sometimes, like, man, I work hard, hard work doesn't guarantee that you're gonna get what you set out to get. I just believe that without it, you don't have a chance. Right. And that's all I've ever wanted was a chance I let the chips fall away. They may ocho wherever they may, wherever they may, I'm gonna get. 'cause I never, I never wanted to be one of those guys that looked back and say, man, if I'd have, man, I think if I'd have did this a little better, if I'd have worked a little harder, if I hadn't have gone to the club, if I had to, if I'd have just trained a little harder, Ocho ain't no telling.


Right. That ain't it for me. I got everything I could outta this God-given ability. And I got the, I got the scars to prove it because I pushed myself beyond probably what I should have. Or no, I shouldn't say that because you don't know how far you can go until you go that far. Yes, sir. But you gotta be willing to risk going that far to possibly know how far you can go. That's what Edmond Hillary said when he's the first man to scale Mount Everest. He says, only the man willing to risk going too far can possibly know how far he can go. Bingo's first round pick Shamar Stewart isn't participating in any on field work until his contract is finalized, even with a standard injury waiver for rookies.


Let's take a listen to what Shamar had to say. Participate in mini camp today. I just decided not to sign those papers. Do you anticipate signing your contract before Monday to join the team? Or you're not sure when that's gonna come together? I would hope so. I mean, I would love to be a part of the team. I, I hate be on the sideline just looking at everybody else to work. I just say, how tough is it except for you. Yeah. Especially on the first day. It was kind of tough on me. Are you part of the meetings? Are you, are you doing other things as part of this? Oh yeah, I'm doing everything else. I'm just like on the field stuff. I'm not doing it.


Bingo's first and second round pick Shamar Stewart and Demetrius Knight are refusing to partake in off field or on field work until they get their rookie deals signed. Stewart and Knight are the only rookies refuse for refusing to do field work until they sign, despite having injury protection. Ocho what's going on in Sensei? Yeah, I'm, I'm not sure. I mean, if you have injury protection, I'm, I'm sure the language in there, despite having that clause in it, there might be some, some, some verbiage that doesn't sit well. But not just them, but their representation as well. Which is why they're not, which is why they're not participating. That's the only thing I could think of. I don't know what the severity of it is, but it's enough to where they've been told not to participate just in case something happens.


Normally if you get a 10% bump, unless your quarterback to what the slot got last year, so you get 10% quick. Right. You get injured, you're gonna get that. That's what you're gonna get. I'm confused. I really am Mocho. I really am. Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is, this is a situation that's really unfamiliar to me. I haven't done a deep dive into it, so I mean, hopefully Listen, Hopefully young boy. What, what? Hopefully young, what selection was he 1213? Yeah, he was, he was up, he was up there now. Yeah. I'm, I'm confused by this.


Yeah, I'm, I'm not sure what's going on. 17th. Can we see what the 17th pick got last year? Because normally you get a 10% raise on your, unless you're quarterback Mm. Quarterback normally that spot, he's gonna probably get 15, 20% raise over what that because he, he's the premium position, Right? What? 15 million? Maybe more. Maybe 20 interested 17 pick pick last year.


Yeah. I'm, I'm surprised that they're taking the stance. I mean, Think you Think you get off on the wrong foot with the team already. Wait, who, who's, who's on the wrong foot here? The player or the team? I mean the team is what it is. I mean the team, I mean the thing is ocho like, that's why they put it in there because they didn't want a rookie to go hurt and then all of a sudden it decreases its value. Ah. The value's there, you get protections. Right. Okay. Yeah. I'm not sure now In a situation like Micah, Micah, I totally agree with Micah. Micah Parsons. Right, Right, Right, right. They picked up at 50 arms and he is like, no, I'm, I'm not getting on the field until I get this deal done.


I get that. I totally get that. Oh yeah. But in this situation, because Micah doesn't have protections unless he took out a laws of London policy and I don't know why he would. Right. Because I could pre, I could prevent that by not getting on the field. Damn Ash looked better. We'll see.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any per sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head To your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Well I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple and I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not With blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Oh, Okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Over. blind.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com now and save up to 40% Sitewide rules and restrictions may apply.


Ok. Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community Of the values that You know Minnesotans Have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Hey parents, we can all agree on one thing. Screen time is a struggle. Here's something from Elf Cosmetics that's making screen time count. Check out Fortune Island, earn Learn Flex on Roblox in partnership with Elf Cosmetics and chime. You and your kids can dive into fun challenges while picking up real life money skills like budgeting and saving, which will build confidence and independence. This is screen time you'll actually be excited about. Just search Elf Up Tycoon on Roblox and see for yourself Elf Cosmetics for every eye lip and face.


19 million. So he'll get, so basically he'll get $21 million. So basically it's a 10% raise, 1.9 million. So you're looking at $21 million, don't you? Right. Okay. Understandable. Ram's head coach Sean McVay introduced newly acquired Devonte Adams to his teammates by showing his film. Let's watch this special intro by Sean. This is McVay. Glad to be able to have Devonte Adams. He's got a lot of respect. He's earned it with the way that he works over the course of his career, but it's always good to be able to see some of the cool guys have put on tape. Alright, looking forward to being able to see you guys partner up with Tay up top recognizing man coverage. And you can appreciate it from this angle.


All right. The over the shoulder. But when you see it from the end zone, talk about being able to win iso sideline awareness that yes we're, who was ranking up your pay on that high point? You, we got a couple more. One of the things that guys have seen about Devonte, you could tell he was a hooper, can get parallel, can work edges on people. These are the things that you love to be able to see. All right. Isolation, fades. This is gonna make us better collectively on both sides. Alright. Being able to add a great player like Devonte Adams and he's got the ability to be able to finish and make plays very excited to add him, more importantly, because of the person that he is. But he is also a total G on the field giving up for Devante.


Alright. Yeah. That's lie. That's dope. That's dope that, that's that boy Shall hook that up. That's that boy the greatest, one of the greatest rock runners to ever play this game. And hon honestly, I know we doesn't put up the numbers that we're all used to seeing and, and people will say, You know, Jamar Chase and, and Justice Jefferson and all the young bulls, Terry Mc Lar, but nobody run no routes like Devonte Adams man. No, can't nobody, can't nobody put him up and put him down like he can and create this kind of separation. He can even still, if given the right opportunities at his age now. So mu much respect to him. I'm excited to see what he's gonna do alongside Cooper Nku. Yeah, they They should be nice. They should be real nice.


I Think so too. And Matthew staffer can still flat out throw it. Well he could. He could. Jesus Christ. He got a strong Arm. What do you think the ram ceiling is? This yo cho. Ooh, With that defense man, that defense that front four be Good. That D end and that young bull. I, I can't remember the, the Verse is the yes, is the dn The DN verse and I can't remember. He wear 50 Tackle, they got a D tackle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's special. And I Think you outta Florida State. Yeah. Hey, ain't no telling. I, I may, may, maybe If they can protect, if they can protect Stafford, I Like Williams running the football.


Right. I Like him. I like him a lot. Can they protect Stafford? 'cause we know he can make all the throws. I say nine, 10 win season. Yeah, I can see 10. I can see 10. Definitely see 10 in that division. 10 and six 11. Five. Nah, 10. Lemme take that back. 10 and seven. 11 and six, Six, right. Yeah. Something, something, something around that. Something around that. Bryce Young was confused why Panthers media members weren't in the building. Ocho, let's take a look at this. Yep. All good. All good. What was the, what was the occasion for the, y'all didn't feel like coming into work today?


It was a, we weren't invited. That's not our, that's not our call. We weren't invited. Yeah, we'd like to be there. Oh yeah, man, there's a half mile perimeter around the facility. They won't let us near you guys. Ah, man. Cold world. Wait, is he doing the, he doing that Zoom or Something? Yes. What they, what? They had an incident out there or something? No, I think they, I mean the team could allow media members or they can, you see, Tampa had this situation where media members were allowed to be there and this situation they weren't. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Oh, so I guess it just, it just varies To Right, right, right.


Depending On the place, team to team. That's, that sucks. Ocho an addict returned stolen money five years later. It says about five and a half years ago I did something very terrible to you. I stole your wallet outta your purse and I was a drug addict. Wanted to take money from whoever I can get my, get my hi next high. I didn't even know you. I picked pocket. You took it right outta your purse. I took the Best Buy car and had it, whatever the cash would hit it. I threw the wallet in the trash can next to the store Not long after that. Landed treatment facility, got sober, been sober four years now and just recently returned. Just recently found your Best Buy card and the bad old stuff.


I looked up your name and found that you were work and so I hear, I am, can't imagine the frustration and despair I put you through. Not to mention the time and effort looking for getting all your new stuff. It is an unforgivable for what I've done, but I would like to pay you a small amount of money for it. I'll also never hurt some, I also will also never hurt someone in that way, ever again and will continue to live an honest life. I wish you nothing but happiness, prosperity, and good help. How, how, how much is That? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Well that's a, that's a good old gesture man. On Oh what?


Four year interest? Little Four year interest. Yeah. Little interest. I mean the goal raise about stock market return about 8% last year. On average it turns about four point a half to 5%. Yeah. So let's just split the difference. Let's say 6% over five years. Ash probably tag on enough. 40. Yeah. You should have said that two should set a 2, 180, 200. Yeah. I listen the fact that he and Could be because he had to go get all the new stuff. Had to go to the DMV, You know, I hotel. Yeah. Had to replace all the credit cards. Yeah. I mean just the fact that he was even willing to do this. That's not for nice, You Know? Yeah. It is also a nice, that's great gesture, bro. You know, change, changing your life around.


That's dope. Let's laugh. Let's laugh. I like that. The greatest apology is change behavior. Mm. To say that he was sorry for doing this and not change. You're not sorry. Right. He said he's been sober with over four years. Say he's not that person that he once was back then. That's all you can ask for. The greatest apologies. Change behavior. Alright, Ocho, now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. No, chill. Will said. Should rings define greatness or impact bigger than hardware?


No. No. 'cause rings are a collective team accomplishment. Not individual. No. We use rings and other things to define great greatness can be defined without rings. Barry Bonds doesn't have a ring. He's great. Carl Malone. Charles Barkley doesn't have rings. They're great. Yeah. Dan Marino. Warren Moon don't have rings. They're great. Bruce Smith doesn't have a ring. He's great, but OCHO Doesn't have a Ring. We're trying to get EST ocho now we have to bring that and other things into play. But I don't believe Ring should be the only determining factor of whether someone is great or not.


Absolutely not. We finally agree on something 30 underscore 39, 2 Q Unc, who had better career? Who was a better player? Westbrook. Kyrie. I mean both is still playing. I mean Was an MVP what? Allstar Well how'd the Allstar shape up? How'd the all NBA selections shape up? I think Russ Westbrook and Kyrie, I think Westbrook has probably been the more Allstar games probably been all First team all NBA more.


I think he had three or four seasons where he triple double I I would say Westbrook number. I think Westbrook has had a better career. Nine. Nine time. Both the nine time All Star Russ. Russ is a nine time all NBA selection. And he's a member of the 75th anniversary team. One of the 75 greatest players that ever played in the NBA. He. Yeah. Russ fans New Jersey ocho.


Correct. We're all human. We, we make mistakes, but probably none bigger than the Giants letting Saquon walk. Dallas trading Luca Kings pass Shado. Oh man. Well, It, it is not the fact that they let Saquon go. It was the flippant behavior of the Geo General manager. Now, You know, you hear things like they wanted that removed, but the NFL said no, blah, blah blah. That's why teams don't want, that's why teams don't wanna do it. If you say we have creative control of what's been under, you shouldn't be able to usurp that. 'cause You know, that's gonna put me in a negative light. Right.


And so that's why teams don't wanna do it. It's in it's intrusive. It's invasive and no, some things that are said OCHO should remain behind closed doors. Closed doors that should have never made the light of day. Right. PS he said it, but I guarantee he wouldn't have said it if he thought it was gonna be on, it was gonna be on hard knocks for all the world to see and it shouldn't have been. It's about timing. How about this? Here, let's put cameras in the owner's meeting. You don't want, you don't wanna do that, huh? Let that, let that be hard knocks. You don't wanna do that. Why not? You don't wanna say That. What's being said? They want to hear, they want the fans to hear what's being said by the o general managers and owners and all that stuff.


Head coaches, owners meetings. When they meet with Roger Goodell and they, let's put that in there. Reg J if you want that. Exactly. I didn't think so. Rugby Milli z Vlogs, Unc, you love, you got you got Love in Harlem. Unc. Tell him Madden, we need your game card in there. Thank you, Harlem. I don't, I You gotta talk to OCHO about that mad stuff. I don't know nothing about Madden. What's what's the Madden card? Don't Joe Madden card. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get you one. I'm gonna make sure we gonna get you one this year. What I do? Madden card. Like, You know you, you a legend.


You, you be it so they can play with you in the game. I ain't got no card. Nah, Hold on. I gotta, I gotta have something. I'm in the hall. I gotta have some kind of card. Nah, Uhuh. You, you ain't in there man. I'ma get, I'ma get you in there though. Whatever. Hey man, what the hell is wrong with my mike? PJ P 11 said my 10-year-old nephew signed up for football this summer. I grew up with a basketball kid, so I'm not really familiar with workout drills as to two hall of Fame pass catchers. What should I start as far as working with him? He wants to play wide receiver. Well, you gotta test out his hand eye coordination. Yep.


Line him up five yards, throwing the ball as he catches it, back him up. Then you have him to go down there and try to catch the ball over his shoulder. You tell him to go down there and you tell him to break out. You tell him to break in. But the biggest thing, hand eye coordination. He has to be able to catch the ball. He has to be able to track the ball and, You know, fairly early. What's his hand count? Hand eye coordination look like. What you thinking Ocho? Dude? YouTube. What? YouTube? Yeah. It, it, it shows you Everything you need to know. Especially the regardless of age.


4, 5, 6, 7 teenagers high school. You know. And once you get a little advance, they got something for that too. Bri Carter said Unc Ocho. Which card game causes more fights? Uno spade. Spade Spades. That's without question Because I be your face. You should, You know the answer to that spades. Oh, oh, oh, oh. You thought that was gonna walk? No it ain't. Oh. You Think you had another one? Don't get that. Gimme that, gimme that. Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme. Hey Or Spades man. At the, the, the right. The right family. The right family.


What I gotta do right here. I take that big jumper. That's your set book. It ain't go out nowhere. I didn't want you to say it the whole while, your whole while because I knew you. You hear what you did. Oh yeah. That's your set book right there. It ain't going nowhere. Well go here. What you got? Oh man, boy. Spa game, man. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Ain't ain't nothing like it. Ain't nothing like it. Especially at, especially at a family function. Oh yeah. Woo. Get up on your get. I told him, I told how many you bed, you been four more than what you had. Leave in a punk house. Clap. Get back.


Hey. And don't, don't get nobody who going to talk to you the whole game too while you, while you're playing now talking trash the whole game. Ooh. Or spades. I need a good old spade something. David D. Cruz said Unc and ocho big love night camp. Can't wait to meet and greet question if possible can I get a signed jersey? Ocho ain't got no jerseys. Hey Unc, I think I just broke my mic. What you do, Man, it just broke off the arm. I'm holding, I'm holding it up. It just, the whole arm just Broke. Well, you had the worst luck with equipment.


Yeah. Sandy Von Julio said, Unc Ocho, longtime listener here, been listening before Early giveaways. Today is my wife's and I three year anniversary. Anyway, I can get a shout out. Happy Mother's Day, please. Absolutely bond. Happy Mother's Day to the beautiful misses. Congratulations on three years. Happy Mother's Day. Now you gotta do something very, very special. Three year anniversary and Mother's Day. That means gift, flowers and brunch, all that. You gotta do all that, all that. So, absolutely.


So thank you for your support. You and your wife wish you the best on your anniversary. Hopefully she has a very, very, very, very special Mother's Day. Let her No Vaughn, how much you love and how much you appreciate her and that you are who you are because she is who she's Rugby. Billy Vogue said Unc, we Super Bowl was the best. And why was the most remember game y'all played the first Super Bowl. They nothing like the first Yeah, we, we broke the NFC street. NFC had won 14 straight Super Bowls until we beat them in 19, until we beat the Packers 14th straight.


And we were 11 point underdogs. Brett Favre was the MVP. They had just won the Super Bowl the year before. That mattered to us. We needed that. So super. That first Super Bowl was the best for me. Most memorable game y'all played. I look, I've had better games. No, look, the game that I broke the record against Kansas City with Joe, obviously, You know, I had two 14 in that game.


Yeah, but I don't think I played that well. I caught the ball well, but I didn't play overall as far as blocking in total. Maybe the best game I played probably was either the Ravens in, in 96 or the Chargers in 96 because it's like back to back. I went for like 12 for 1 53 and three touchdowns and I went for nine for 1 68. But it was, they were complete games. Right? So, But Mm. Where that game against the Saints, that was your me memorable game.


They matter of fact, the game, the Chargers game and then the Saints game, that was the actual, the next game. So I went two 60 and went one 90 back to back. Damned near 500 yards of just two games. Yeah. And you let what you call break your record. Who? Chase. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's okay. That's okay. Listen, there's anybody gonna break a record? They, You know, that young, that young boy Have to do it. Hey, he gonna break some Moha Ocho. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Boy, he is the real, You go. Only way to be one of 'em all time greats. Real deal. Thank You guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite.


Unc Shannon Sharp and my partner, the Liberty City is legend with the broken Mike Patriot of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro route runner extraordinaire. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit the subscribe button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you for your support. We thank you for your continued support because without you, we couldn't do what we do. And thanks to you we're allowed to do what we do. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is in the chat. Supplies are unlimited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last.


Tickets for Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale now. Eight stop goes as follows. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Chicago, Detroit. Tickets can be found@shesheamedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Get your tickets now and check out Unc and Ocho. You don't wanna miss this. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm Unc Keith Ocho. We're off tomorrow, but we'll see you Brighton, early, not Brighton, early, late, and late on Monday. Thank you guys for joining us. We're out. Good. The Volume okay?


Have you heard about this last year Degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause? And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh optive. Mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eye drop aisle at all major retailers


Here at the Almond Joy factory. Where tropical vibes are bound, we use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, the Crunchiest, almonds, and delicious Chocolate candy. Ah, but do You know what our most important ingredient is? Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't. Almond joy got nuts. Something even way better than that. Yes, almond joy is made with almonds and Clorox.


Tiva smells like grapefruit, cleans like Clorox, And Feels like You. Okay. We could be here all day. Try Clorox Tiva for a trusted clean with long-lasting freshness. Also available in lavender and coconut use is directed.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.