
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's


At Designer Shoe Warehouse. We believe that shoes are an important part of, well Everything from First Steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all time personal vests. From building pillow forts to building a life, building a Life for all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. DSW DSW is there And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at Bragg worthy prices at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down. Dude, wipes come in a variety of sense and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with TP wetter, just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and make the trade of the season with Switch. The dude wipes the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean pants down.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives, but are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball this season. It's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the action expected and unexpected with Draftking Sports book. With live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win it. Is that simple? First time, here's something special just for you. New draft drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and wire text open Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boo mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund on April 18th.


Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Quinn brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending thrill ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Kmart, the big storm this week. Ja Moran. Spencer Haywood told TMZ that J's running his career. He said the people that are around him are not advising him, right? He's ruining his career. He's ruining his family's life and his team. Most importantly, he's letting all of them down. So I'm just disappointed in Ja, Kmart, you an elder statesman. You were, you were the voice of reason a lot of times. Sometimes you was unreasonably in the locker room. But if you had a young guy like Ja, immensely talented and he keeps doing this kind of stuff, what would you say to him? Kmart. Yeah, that's the honest conversation, man. Like, you gotta the one, you gotta have a rapport with him outside of basketball, right?


Oh yeah. That, that's first and foremost. You gotta be able to relate to him on some level. So once you have that And you establish that, yeah, it's, it's, it's being honest with him, man. But at, at some point words, words are not enough. Right? And in this situation, unfortunately, I'm starting to see that words and certain things don't matter no matter who's in his locker room. I think that's why they brought Marcus smart in right? Initially to try to be that Marcus Smart has some hiccups. He's been fights, he's been that in this, in the NBA to try to be that.


But when, when your immediate surroundings and immediate family are not helping the situation, there's nothing that me as a vet can say to you, because we all can do a, i I only have you for a certain amount of time during the day. Right. I'm not gonna follow you home. I'm not gonna hold your hand. We don't live together. We know. So we're not living in the same complex, we're not doing these things. So I can do everything in my power. But once you leave and once you around your guys and your family, sometimes those people have more influence than the guys who you should be looking up to. And you should be looking for that influence.


And unfortunately in this situation, that's what it's, Yeah. Hey, You know Kay And I And I, when it comes to players like this, players of this magnitude, players that are this good players like this that have a certain type of individuals around them. So most of the time we call them, we call them yes men. I'm, I, I'm just say what it is And you got a bunch of dudes around you that not, that are not gonna tell you what you want to hear. And don't nobody wanna get they water cut off as I call it. You know? So I think somebody has to be an elder statesman that's part of the NBA that conducted themselves somewhat in a similar manner that Ja looks up to when he, when he was younger, that played.


Now maybe they could get, get through to 'em and get him to get him to understand, You know, the NB a's not against you. You know, there's certain things that you got in trouble for in the past. So there are certain things you can't do or you can't get away with based on past behaviors. Yeah. That's all. Yes. Other players in NBA might be doing, You know, the little gestures or whatever, but they also haven't had issues with doing anything or brandishing weaponry outside of the game of basketball. So it's different. So you held to a different standard. You got, you gotta understand That Who the og the the og who the OG in the streets. This what to happen. I say I would say ai, I would say I'm talking about the og, the real OG in the Memphis.


No, John said Ja cut this big job about that to come from somebody like Zach. See we in these streets because we have to be you pretending this real what we do that real over here, all this. But I, but I'm, I'm trying Who is he trying to impress? Because me personally, I don't think Ja hood, I don't think j out that life that looks good. He, he, I mean he went it that, that look good. I mean the people like, oh man, Ja, ja not like that. I know people that are like that, that are lay down like that, but he ain't him. You work your whole Kmart, you say you from Old Cliff, you worked your whole life to get out of that environment.


Why would you get out of that environment and then try to prove that you still down, man. No, I'm not down. That ain't me. We not, no, I'm not down. No, no. I left all the a the Lord blessed me beyond blessed. So he helped me get out of that situation. And then I'm still gonna pretend. I ain't saying you can't have no no firearm to protect yourself. Yeah, but it's the people that, it's the people that you don't think got the firearm. That s the Thing is, it's one thing of having, it's one thing. The people that's willing to use it, two totally separate conversations, right? And, and the city that he lives in, they bought that thing, man.


They bought it. They're, they're, we all know this man. So, And I put this so I, I said this on Gils arena, man. And I've spoken to said person who I'm about to mention right now said, I've said this. I put a lot of this on T Morant. I put a lot of this behavior on him first. Okay? You want to let your child grow up cool. He's a professional athlete now. Cool. You want to give him a little leeway, a little rope to be him, to find himself to do all these things? Yes, absolutely. But when it's become detrimental to his career and his brand or who he is, we gotta reevaluate some things, son.


We gotta go back to the drawing. Boy, son, we can't do these things, son. I can't be at the game behaving this way, son. I gotta move different son. So we can do, so all of these things they have to do collectively to change people images on Ja, the family grizzlies, all of it. It has to be a collective effort. 'cause if not, like we all know the only thing we respect as athletes is playing time and money. Yeah. And these little slap on the wrists and this, that, and the third. Like I tell people all the time, man, and God rests David Stern's soul, if this was David Stern's, NBA, none of, yeah, he make an example out of it.


You're not gonna make a mockery of this, this, this logo. You're not gonna continue to make a mockery of this. We want even, even as great, even as great as he is, David Stern didn't care. He don't care nothing about that. Don't care. He not bigger than that logo, man. You're not as y'all say, the shield, right? Right. No one is bigger than y'all shield, right? Yes, sir. David Stern carried that, that NBA logo the same as the NFL Shield, you not bigger than that. He would've made an example out of Ja. Either you listen, this man told me the words outta his David Stern's mouth to my ears, son, if you wanna continue to be a part of this NBA, you'll change your ways. And this was me fighting on the floor. This had nothing about firearms, me getting in trouble.


This just me fighting on the floor, him getting me this warning. Right? So what you think the message would've been for this situation with this kid? I don't care. I don't care if about k you k you was in the league when everybody had, And you remember everybody used to wear a baggy pants and had the tall tee and David started saying, y'all gonna clean this issue up. He said, we got too much money at stake sponsors, advertisers. This is over no dress. This man put in a dress code dog because dudes was coming to the game to throwback jerseys and wearing throwback jerseys stuff on the bench. He put in a dress code, Hey came. But I got about 70 of them. Throw throwback. Come on man, we got No, that's crazy.


So it's, it's lessons need to be learned in this current situation with dude just recently. Right? The whole gun thing. They find you 75 And you come back And you post pew pew like, yeah, I it ain't, it ain't another Kmart. Like, you gotta, so somebody gotta step in. I I, I hope, I hope he, I hope it job figures it out because he, he doesn't realize how much money he's like actually costing himself with this. I mean, You know, hey, yeah, he has the Nike deal, but Nike is the not only brand that pays money. They have so many other brands that he's missing out on so many more, so many opportunities. He, he, a lot of times a lot of people thought he could be the face of the NBA.


Yeah. Charismatic. The way he can play the game. He's, he's, he's a small guy. And, and the NBA loves small guys. They, they love guards and, and he has it. And I just don't know why. Yeah. He wants to perpetuate this type of behavior. But each his own. Kmart, thanks for joining us. Hey guys, everybody do us a favor. Go follow Kmart on ig k, Kmart, what's your IG now and everything? King Martin, senior man, You know what I'm saying? That's Ken Martin, senior everything ig, Twitter, all Twitter. Martin senior baby. And go and And you can watch him. Hey, hey. Go ahead. Hold on on before you go right a K mark.


I'm gonna throw something else in on that bet. I'm gonna throw something else in there. Hey, listen, LeBron James, You know, when he hit 50,000 points, he gave me the ball and the actual ball that went in when he hit the points. If, if, if Justin beat Florida, I see them all. I promise you. Put that in there so you already know how much this shit worth. What you laughing at. You know what I want that gold jacket that you wrote HOF on, that you put on the sideline. That's the jack. I want that. Nah, IMT got it No more. I'm looking for it. That's 1 0 1.


I can't Find it. Hey, thank Kmar. Thanks Kmart for joining us. Everybody go follow us. Kmart, o ig, Kenya Martin, sr o ig, Twitter, Facebook. You could watch him weekday on Gil's Arena. Make sure you go subscribe to Gil's Arena. Gail is doing a great job. You guys are doing a great job over there, Kmart. I love catching you guys from time to time. Continue success. Thanks for joining us. And don't be afraid to stop by again joining. Hey, did you get that look I sent you? I did. I'm, yes I did. It was, it was, it went to the PO box and the lady misplace, but I did get it. But yes, I did appreciate that. Okay. That looked absolutely alright.


I appreciate it man. Yes sir. Thank for joining us. K Martin. We'll see you down All kmar at you boy Love Lou Kmar. Kenya Martin, the last senior to be drafted. Number one overall in the 2000 draft taken. Number one overall by the New Jersey Nets. When he was there, they went to back to back NBA finals. They lost to Shaq and Kobe. They lost to the great Tim Duncan and that squad. But Ken Martin was a hell of a player. A tremendous defensive player, but he was also the last of the true enforcers. They, they don't make him like that anymore. But Kenya couldn't fight like he could back then 'cause they take all his money And I know he don't want to give that up. So majority K back ocho, they've been a big dis, big discourse was created over the weekend when draft expert tweeted lots of double taps and hitches from Shado today.


NFL defenders closed windows quickly. This was a concerning workout. No, Andre Cisco said, boy, better stop padding that ball. We breaking all that early. But Darius Slaton jumped in and said, I promise he can pat the ball just fine. If a DB was so good at breaking on the ball and Pat, they'd have eight plus picks a year. Same guys that fall, the two man dagger concept and give up digs in the third long every season, all season long, talking about, boy pat the ball. What a joke. I said the exact same thing. I said the exact same thing. What All the, all the, all the, all the experts, the db o they pat no back. They gonna drive on that.


Man. Listen, they not driving on nothing, man. Stop playing. This is a timing game. It's always been a timing game. It, it always has been. Quarterbacks have been patting the ball since the beginning of time. It just, it's a part, it's a part of rhythm, it's a part of rhythm throwing as well. Sometimes you hitch, sometimes you don't, sometimes you pat, sometimes you don't. Sometimes the pat is for the timing of the actual throw, waiting for the receiver to get open. How many It's, it's, it's, it's a part, it's a part of the rhythm. Ash, when you, when you Playing, how many picks the Cisco hat? Hey, When you throw, hey, when you unc when you, when when John Elway throw that skinny route, Yeah, He hit that seven. When you hit that seventh step, the ball is gone. Yes. Now play like that.


There's no hitch and there's no pack because the ball's coming out right on time. Right. You got a dig route, you got a curve route. There's a pat on the ball. If he get to that fifth step, if you not at your break yet, it just is on the, the corner route, the deep ball, when you hit that seven step, you got play Pat on the ball before you release it. You taking five, you taking five with a hitch And hit my, my point. Exactly. Whoever, whoever, Whoever that was for one. We talking about on, we talking about in shorts And we talking about on air turn on the goddamn film. Watch all 32 NFL quarterbacks on drop back passes.


You'll see all of 'em. Take hitches, you'll see all of them. Pat the ball. It's a part of the game and always has been. That's called nitpicking. Trying to find something wrong to say. And then you loud and wrong. You loud and wrong. Well, I, I'm, well hopefully everybody gonna get their chance to see, but oh Joe, at this point in juncture, everybody is trying to find fault. You know, he, You know, he's not, Hey, he, he, he's getting his head around too quick before the break. DB's going to take key on that. He's not dropping his hips or he's doing this. He's tilting the route. He's leaning into the route and the db I, You know, I get it.


I get it. I get it. Just for me. Look, you hope like Ocho the way I look at it, game film is the most important. Very. Now if I'm looking at a game, if I'm looking at a guy's game tape, I'm watching Now, if he looks fast when he goes to the combine, I hope he runs fast. I hope he is quick. I hope he jumps high. So now that co that corroborates what I seen on tape now. Right? If there's something that I, that I see on tape that I don't see when he tests, I got to go back and evaluate, okay, what did I miss something on your, what, what am I, what am I missing then? Because at the end of the day, I still believe tape is the most important. And I give you a prime example.


Ozzy, he took Terrell Suggs, Terrell Uggs ran four eight with track spikes. And I say, Ozzy, how you take this man with a top 10 pick? And he ran four eight and he looked me damn by turn on somebody got them 24 sacks. Somebody got the 24 sacks. He said, son, you watching Bend the edge. I Said, okay, you don't understand Coolaid. I Said, okay. Yeah, Okay, okay, okay. And look, why am I arguing with Ozzy?


Look at the Hall of Famers. He's got Ray Lewis, Jonathan Ogden, ed Reed Sung's gonna be a hall of famer. Yeah. Lamar Jackson's gonna be a hall of famer or Marsha Yonder's gonna be a hall of famer. So I mean, what, what we, what do we do here? Yeah. At the end of the day, watch the tape. Do you see what, what do you see on tape? Are there some things everybody has things that it could correct? Absolutely. Y'all think it seem like Peyton and Tom and everybody, there's something you can get better at. But to say a guy is flawless is just not true. No. No. Not, not at all. Not at all. You could listen, you could break down people's tape right Now.


You could break down people's tape right now that are in the league that are some of the best at their positions right now. And you can find flaws in their game. Absolutely. And you can find, all you have to do is nitpick. You can nitpick, you can nitpick on any and everybody. There is always something to continue to work on. Yes. No matter how long you've been playing this game, because you'll never be perfect. No matter how much you strive for, you strive for perfection, you will always fall short because you're human. Yes. And you will always be human error and everything that you do. So I I I listen, I understand what the guy was was saying with the scout, whoever, whoever tweeted that out. I don't think they really understand that the, the game of football in general before making that general statement. When all quarterbacks do this, they all do based on the based, based on the play, based on the, the length of the route.


I mean just, it it, it made no sense. It was so funny to see Micah going back and forth and Darius s slate and them talking trash. Right. That was, that was funny. And, and, and most of the time the quarterback they have the ball with, with how many times you see the quarterback bring the ball over one head and throw it. They bring the ball up here like this, you don't choke. Exactly. And, and then that, that rhythm throw, it's a pat and let it go. Yes. A pat and let it go. Now you said just to see the time and continuity of the play going Like, You know, smoke route a slant, quick out. You can't hit it like that. Yeah. Because it going the other way. It's coming, it's coming out. It's coming out right away. Yeah. So, And you be early and outside too. Yes.


Yes. You And you absolutely right. Because when you throwing 1, 2, 3, that ball's gotta go. Yeah. Because get they now they driving on that now. Yeah. And the funny and the funny thing about it, think about it. We talking about the good dbs in the NFL, them first three, them first three steps. They not even looking at the receiver, they looking at the quarterback. Exactly. They looking at the quarterback. So once, once that arm Is gone, the, that's why the, that's why ball placement is so important. 'cause the good dvs are not even looking at the receiver until after that fourth or fifth step. That's how you, that's how we get 'em on the sluggle because you do this. Oh yeah. Your as in the backfield playing around and now they throw over the top of your head the sluggle wrap or they get the stu the start go because you win it and he drop his hip and and the quarterback does that.


Yeah, but listen, hey, as a db, when they double move you, you better have hell of a hips and transition. Oh yeah. Nah, just tackle it. You better have some beautiful hips And we able to transition. Just tackle it. Just tackle it. Because, because what he's gonna, because what he's gonna do is that he knows once You know, he beat you start to come up. He going get he going get outside. He gonna get outside your bro. So you might as well just, Hey, interfere with him. I I'm not giving up, I'm not giving up anything. I'm not giving up anything cheaper deep. Right. But I thought he threw, look, I don't really take anything from anybody throwing the ball in shorts and, and thing because that, that's not how you play the game of football.


Right. What did the guy, when you watch the guy in shorts, no. Is he Lamar Jackson as far as athletic citizen? No. No. Does he have a, a Patrick Mahomes arm know, but he has arm. That's plenty good enough. Yeah. Are you telling me that Tom Brady? Are you telling me Peyton Manning? Are you telling me, Philip, are you telling me Drew Rees are more athletic than Shado? No, they're not. No, no. And they got it done. I'm not saying he's gonna be any of those guys, but we're talking about just athleticism. I mean, there ain't no guy. I mean, with the, I mean, he's he accurate because I seen a lot of guys, Hey, hold on. He, he, he's not just accurate, he's insanely accurate.


Exactly. Insanely can throw every ball and every ball he throws is catchable. Yes. You know, they got, they, they got some receivers. I mean some, they got some quarterbacks out there, You know, throughout the years now they've thrown a very difficult ball to catch. I agree. Allah number four, who your brother played for, You know, tearing people hands up, slitting the web of they fingers you, You know, I mean, he, he was a gun slinger. Yes, that's what he was known for. But Shado is extremely accurate. He does a great job of throwing and has great anticipatory skills. Yes, he do. A great job guy. A great job of throwing guys open, huh? That's, that's the difference between college and the NFL, the pros.


Right? Even when you think the guy isn't open, he's throwing him open. Guys ain't gonna be running no, hell no. Five and 10 and three yard separation in the NFL. No, not unless there's a long coverage. A guy falls down or something. But most of the time you're gonna have to fit a ball into a tight window.


If you could do one thing this year that could help you lose up to 20 to 30 pounds without lifting a single weight and it would actually be good for you, would you do it? And if it would actually improve your health and digestion and it tastes like a chocolate shake, wouldn't that be the ultimate win? Well, here it is. It's called Shakeology Packed with vital nutrients, protein, probiotics, adaptogens, and superfoods. It's the easiest way to reset your nutrition, curb cravings, and feel incredible. All in under the two minutes it takes to make a simple shake. No meal prep, no guesswork, just a smarter way to fuel your body and start feeling your best. Shakeology isn't just a shake, it's a lifestyle upgrade that makes healthy living easy, delicious, and totally doable. Shakeology is all your vital nutrition made simple. You can get free shipping, big discounts, and a free shaker cup when you subscribe@shakeology.com. That's shakeology.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good? This is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them. Coming up big in the end. Now with my final four is set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Want to grow your business fast with TikTok ads. Anything is possible. If you've ever thought about advertising your business on TikTok, now is the time to do it. You can drive more customers to your websites, sell products right in the app. And you can even use tiktoks creative tools to easily make content and find creators to help sell your products for you. Find new customers today, just open your browser, type in get started.tiktok.com/tiktok ads and grow your business fast.


And also something he doesn't get credit for. We always bring up him not being a dual threat, not being able to run, but his pocket presence. Yes, his pocket has great pocket presence in his ability in short air quickness to be able to extend plays. Not get away from people like Lamar Jackson to Josh Allen, but extend plays to make throws downfield. He's been, he's very good at that. Especially if you, if you watch, obviously we watched Colorado all last year And we understand that despite all the sacks he took, because listen, You know, one of the issues obviously with Very good Yeah. Ain't no ain't ain't nowhere around that o Joey's offensive line wasn't very good. It's not like, yeah, it's not like we're we're breaking news or people, you watch the game and there's a times that he gonna have to know he's gonna have to throw the ball away.


Yeah. You don't have to throw, you just throw the ball away. You live to see another day. You don't wanna take that unnecessary punishment And you don't want to take your team out of field goal range or you don't wanna make it third and long or second along, Hey, throw the ball away live to see another day. And that's comes with maturity. I mean, the guys only what, 21, 22 years of age. 22 years of age. Yeah. So it takes time and he'll get better. The, the, the, the Peyton Manning that you saw, the great quarterbacks that you saw the rookie season. There weren't that the, the midway through and at the tail end of their career, they were, they were better. Right. You get better, you learn more. Once you come to the NFL, you start studying tape, you start watching you pick up things And you, you self-evaluate yourself. Right? That's what the really great ones do.


They value, they self evaluate the self. Like they And I That's what mofo covered me. Damn. I tipped off this route. But, but think about, think about the names that you just said. The Tom Bradys, the Peyton Mans when they first started, where their years weren't exceptional as opposed to how they ended up. Yeah. But who at the say sha do doesn't go somewhere. Right? Right. You see how he talked in that press? What he said, whoever's serious about me and won the franchise chain and quarterback. That's who need to sign me. Who says he gonna come in and have a season like CJ Shroud did? Yeah. Depending on where he goes. Right. Who's to say not come and have a, a season like Jayden Daniels did with the commanders? Depending on where, You know, depending on where he goes. But what if he has that belief where his presence alone heightens everything else around him?


Well, a good quarterback can do That. Who new day go to the commanders and turn the franchise around just like that in six months. The great quarterbacks give, Go to Houston and turn the the Texas around in six months. Yep. Come on man. Ain't no telling, ain't no telling what's finna happen. But hey, let's just give him an opportunity. Let's see what it, let's see where he goes. Hopefully go someplace and have a good offensive coordinator, good head coach. Have great talent around him because if you go back and look Ocho what did take, what did CJ have around him?


Nico Collins Tank. Dale Nico. Yeah. Had Dalton Schultz. Nice tight end. Look at Jay Daniels had nice people. Hey, they had Zach Ertz, they had Terry, Gary, Terry McClarin. Well, well listen, I like that. You just broke that down. Now look at the places that he had the chance to go to. We got the Browns right, we got him Joco, we got Ma we got, we got Jerry Judy, we got my rock runner. I, I'm not, I'm not sure who the number two is. Who, who's the number two receiver? I forget the guy I know you're talking about. I, I he he was Okay. Yeah, but You know, they, once they got moved on from Amari, Right? I forget the guy's name. Ocho Yeah. He took Over. I, I can't remember.


I can't remember myself. But then, okay, let's say if it's it, let's say it's not Cleveland. Let's say the Giants. You got Malik Naples. Yep. And Dar I think Slaton is still there too, right? Didn't resign. He got Slaton who was just arguing on, oh, You know what, with Michael Parsons. Yep. You know, come on, come on now. Come on now. We, we can, we can, we can work with that. I just think the thing is that sometimes we have false perceptions that we think the guy coming in should be a finished product and that's the best he's going to be. No. And they don't realize that these guys have that opportunity to get better. That's not the best. That that shouldn't be the best that they, that they, that they are, they should incrementally get better.


Right. And you work at it, you study, you put the time in. Good things normally happen. So what Elijah Moore. Oh, Elijah Moore. Hey Eli. They got EI think they got him O Joe, they got his Elijah Moore from Clemson. Boy. Hey, he could run some ro now. He got he from the car. He got some speed on him. Huh? Huh. Cedric Tillman. Where did Cedric Tillman come from? Tillman, I played with a guy named Cedric Tillman who went to Alco State. Hey, I know Elijah Moore. Boy, he could run some routes, bro. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's smaller, smaller guy Good in the slot.


He got to run some Ralphs. But You know Jerry, Jerry, Judy is tremendous in that slot. Jerry, Judy, I I was happy for Jerry. Yeah. He had a hell of a, he had a hell of a season whack because look, He wasn't getting the opportunities. They didn't have the quarterback. He goof frustrated. I think the thing is like when you, it's easy when you are a young receiver ocho to get down. Right. Because a fans start boo you coaches pull you playing time all of a sudden. Yeah. You normally play at 45 plays, you play at 20. Well, how the hell you expect me to show you something in 20 plays when at least five of those the quarterbacks gonna get flushed? Yeah. Another, another five. I'm not the number one option. I might be, I might not even be the second option. I might be third option and second and, and two of those gonna be screened.


He gonna get sacked on another three. So how the hell you expect me to do something with 20 plays And I'm really only involved in about seven of them. Ah. Hey, I'm excited man. I can't wait for football. Eja, man. When is the draft? The draft next week, huh? Yeah, he was there, he was there last year. Elijah Moore. He's not there anymore. Ocho he, he there last year because I remember him catching a, catching a pa a couple of passes against the Broncos. That's why the name, but Okay. Said Jerry, Judy, Cedric Tillman, and some guy named Michael Woods, obviously. And Joe who's there. Yeah. But, okay, well hell, we could work with that too.


We, we good, we good. We could work with that. Shoot Coach Prime confronts the NFL Scout, DFCU Pro Day. He walked up and said, do what y'all do, telling his kids to ignore the NFL Scout. I like that. I think what it was is that the, the 40 time he said, look, whatever you guys have been practicing do that. You Do that. Yeah. Don't listen to no Scout coming and telling people how, how to do something that they've been training for all this time. And here you go, te coming and changing up what they've been doing. Whatever they, whatever the continuity is, whatever the rhythm where however they've been training you, come and tell 'em to do it this way, man. If you don't get out the way, what are you talking about?


Hey, Crowd hug the line. Get as close to the line as you possibly can, whatever the lean that your guys have taught you, because you gotta come to a stop. You know, because the, the thing is, is that, You know, you're trying to get as much lean as you could possibly can. Right. Keep hey, whatever you've been practicing for the last six to eight weeks. Right. Do that. That's what you do. Keep doing it. Yeah. Ain't me scout, man. I hate when they do that, man. They, You know, get a little power. Come in there, try to abuse it. Hey, I want you to do it to No your as by the way, listen. Well, why Am I gonna listen to you? I just met you And I've been training all this time doing it a certain way. Right. Come on now.


I'm feeling good tonight, bro. What else? What else you got? Y'all know how Prime is with about them kids now? Oh Yeah. You don't play. He don't play. Don't come in that mad. Don't listen for one. You are already in a pressure situation. Yes. You are already in a pressure situation where you gotta perform. Now don't we don't, we don't need the scout coming in trying to conduct and have player do everything the exact same way. Go on about your business. Oh, Joe Peyton Manning had a bold plan to get Joe Thomas off the Browns. Joe Thomas revealed on a recent episode of Tom and Hawk football show that the legendary quarterback once called him with a plan to get him cut loose from the organization.


He's like, all right, here's the game plan going to your GM's office when he's not there. Pull your pants down and take a dump on his desk. Then they can't do anything, but Right. You or then they can, they can't do anything betrayed you. And then you come with me. Play win a Super Bowl. Peyton, I appreciate your hum. Humors always. I appreciate that. You want me, that really gives me a lot of warm fuzzies, but I'm not gonna be able to poop on my GM's desk. Hey, that's funny. That's funny. You know, I got that story from, there's a, a player that actually did something very similar to that. Wait, somebody really did that in the movie? Or did you About real life? I put Hold on in real life. It's out. Yeah, it's out there on.


Come on, man. In real life. Yeah. Okay, listen, I'm not gonna ask for no names. Yeah. I'm not gonna ask for what team. I just wanna know what year. That's all. I just wanna know the year because it couldn't have been anything in the 2000 nineties. Could've been nothing in the nineties. It was in the nineties, Early nineties. Yep. Okay. Okay. I I get it. Because back then, the early nineties, y'all boys was wild. They was Y y y'all boys was wild. And it kind of, it Kinda, it It's different. It's different now where the owners and the, the owners more, more so have more control because, because the money, the money's a little different. Yeah. Back then I could see it looked like the, to me, the players controlled the league back then.


They didn't, what's you call it? Well call Commissioner Tagle Boo. He came in when I came in. He left when I left 14 years. And that was it. And then Rodney took over. He took him for Pete Rozelle, Pete Rozelle, Tagley Boo tags was a little bit more player friendly. Right. But yeah, that would've definitely got, that definitely would've got you a cut. Y'all traded Joe if you had done that. And I can't, can't picture nobody. It, It, it actually happened. I can't picture nobody doing that, honestly. Huh. Can you imagine today's game, a player being that upset and wanting to be traded And you go upstairs in your GM office And you take a poo PPO on his, on his front, on his desk.


Nobody, nobody even has the, You know what to pull that off. Oh, Joe, former Atlanta Falcons wide receiver, Julio Jones, one of the best players in franchise history, announced his retirement from the NFL Jones. One of the great a seven time Pro Bowl selection. A two time first team all pro selection during his 13 NFL seasons. He twice led the NFL in receiving yards 20 15, 20 18. And he's the Falcons all time leader in reception's. 848 receiving yards 12,896. His 60 receiving touchdowns marked second in Falcon's history behind Roddy White. Mm. How will you Ocho remember Julio?


Well, Julio Jones, one of the best they ever play this game. Now. Yeah. Now we, we, we talk, we talk about top five, we talk about top Listen. Might be, might be top five, hon. Honestly, to come outta Alabama, man, one of, one of the greatest ever. I enjoy watching Julio play. Somebody. It's, it's, it's so funny, right? Watching Julio Jones play, there's a, there's a young fellow down there at Ohio State that's from Miami who looks something just like Jere might be the second Smith. Oh yeah. Jeremiah Smith, who might be the second coming of, of Julio Jones. But man, Julio Julio was awesome to watch, man, throughout, throughout, throughout his entire career. Some of the things he could do on the field, that 300 yard game he had against the Carolina Panthers was unbelievable when he snatched that goddamn ball off the top of Luke, Luke Coakley head that time when he snapped that ball away from Malcolm Butler in the end zone for that touch man.


Yeah. There, there, there are some great highlights of Julio Jones. Julio, I know you gonna see this boy. I've always been a fan of yours. I've always showed you your love and gave you your flowers while you was actually still playing. I'm still a fan to this day. You gonna get you that gold jacket because you definitely a hall of famer. Oh, for sure. And I, you, you, you taught five in my book. You know, I would have to shuffle the five round a little bit. But you belong in it. I salute you on a great career. And that's it. Now you, you nice, Huh? Amazing career. And You were nice Consummate Pro. Had a great career. I wish you could have finished his career in Atlanta because, You know, bouncing around Ocho, he went to where he went to, I think he went to, he went to Tennessee after he left that, right?


Yeah. I think he went to Tennessee. He went To Tennessee. He went Tampa to Tampa. And he went to New Philly. No, Philly. Philly. Yeah. But man, he had a man if only, if only they could have closed out that Super Bowl That, that 28 3 game. And he had, he had an amazing catch that had him in field goal range. May Ryan took, took A back on the, on the sideline. Right on the sideline. Yep. Woo hoo. Hey. Woo. O Joe Alexander Ovechkin Ovy Only he passed Wayne Gretzky. He passed, he broke Wayne Gretzky's record.


Gretzky had the mark of 894 goals that had stood since he retired from hockey in 1999. Yeah. Ovechkin scored his record set 895th goal in the second period against the New York Islanders in the same game. Yeah. 8 94 came at 1,487 games for Gretzky. 1,487 games. 8, 9 5 came from Ovy. The match was immediately paused and the ceremony with Gretzky on site took place. And he commemorate comm commemorate the moment. And I, me personally, I didn't think anybody could break this record. Right. Didn't.


And it seems like he's going to, he, I mean, he's gonna be well in the nine hundreds. 'cause I don't think he's gonna retire. I don't, I mean, you get the guys that are close now. I mean, I don't think s's s's gonna play enough games. Sid Crosby can't catch him. I mean, maybe it's, maybe it's some of these What's this guy at the Edmonton, Orleans? What's this guy name? Maybe he or, or the guy at, at Colorado, but McKinnon. McKinnon. Yeah. McKinnon. Yeah. McKinnon Or what's the guy? God Dogg it. I don't know. It, it's slipping my mind. You know, You know, I watch hockey too. I don't know why it's slipping my mind like this. I I know he's, he played with the Edmonton Orleans. He's, he's Mcda Mcda. David Mc Conna Mc Conna McDavid Conna McDavid.


Yes. Yeah. Hey them boy, them boys. Good, huh? Oh Yeah. Mc McKinnon, MCDA McKinnon McKinnon and McDavid is like Jamar Chase and Justin Jefferson. I mean, that's the only, that's the only comparison I can think of, You know, in football terms. But Ovie now has the record and I think he's only, he did one franchise. He's only been with the, the Capitals, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Young. Because Gretzky was in Edmonton and then he went to the Kings, but he brought, he brought hockey to Southern California. Hey, you're speaking of hockey y You ever been, you ever?


No. I went, I went to the I bet You boom. Boomer told me to tell you what's up. For real. I saw, I saw him Saturday. Okay. Yeah. I went to a couple of Rangers games. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was just making it. So you, you've been able to sit up close to the glass and Understand Oh, right. That right on ice. Yeah. Listen, how special the game of hockey is now, it doesn't get the love it deserves because there's so many other sports that we have to choose from and watch. But man, a hockey game up close, we talking about first dates. And I said, I said taking a woman to go watch nascar. 'cause it's different. It's something she's probably haven't done before. But watching NASCAR outside is a good date. But hockey, And you get some tickets on the glass, man, listen And wear a jacket too.


Cut. Be cold as hell in there. Oh yeah. It be Cold. Hey, You know, that's the whole point, huh? You're taking some hockey game because guess what, Now you wanna cu you wanna cuddle how with hey, She want, there you go. She want to cuddle with you, Huh? And you got smash the to see, that's why he can't take you anything. Can't with Ash, only Ash will put her beer on the wall and have him flash it to it and get everybody sprayed with beer. Ojo. Mariah Carey's 13-year-old son gets embarrassed when she walked into his room and ended up on his Twitch stream. Let's take a look. Let's take a look Too late, bro.


No, you can't say, hi, mom. Stop. Why are you doing this? Hey, hey, that, that's, Hey, that's funny. I, I gotta understand it. Listen, I don't think he understands that actually, that actually helps his Twitch streaming that Don't care. Nothing about that, You know? No, hell no. You like, you. Come on, mom. Come on now. Yeah. And can you imagine your mom and my Mariah carrying you on Twitch and she coming in behind you? Yeah. And I, Anybody gonna be Beyonce, ade, whomever? Could you Imagine And I don't care about? Yes. Hey, could you imagine the blue Ivy Stream playing video games and stuff, and Beyonce happen to walk in the back, or Jay happen to walk in the back and come in the stream?


Man, that hey, that'd be, Hey, that that'd be dope. Like, oh, that'd Be dope. But you have to realize, Ocho kids don't view their parents like the outside world view their Parents. Nah, you right. You right, You're right. You mom, you just dead. Right. You're right. All that other fanfare that come along with it, I don't care. Nothing about that. Don't care. Nothing about it. Right? Nothing. That's Funny. You ever embarrassed your kids Ocho? You know, at this point my kids are, are, they're, they're so much older now. Now what I will do to embarrass 'em, graduations or stuff like that, dance recitals, cheerleading recitals, track meets.


I'll be extra, extra loud on purpose in certain moments, in certain moments just to, just to have a little fun. But I try to, I try not to put any attention on me. Especially when I go to things that they're doing. I try to make sure it's all about them. So I, I do that very, very, very, very seldom. Very seldom. Titus, what's up? What Titus? Look at me. He said, I'm getting my ears scratched right now. He said, daddy been out town. I haven't been able to get my shine. Titus, what's up, Twin? He said, I'm gonna get me a profile. He said, I'm trying to develop me a profile little chuck. There you Go. There you go. He said, I'm trying to get me a profile. How tall are you? Mm. On my hin legs on about two and a half.


Okay. Maybe almost three. Say I just got a bath. I smell good. Say, what'd you have today? Tell 'em what you had today. What'd you eat today? Did you eat daddy chicken? Say yeah, I had chicken. Say I love Oxtails. Oxtails. Yep. I love pig ears. So if you go to the butcher, mark, get some pig ears. I like them too. Wait, he eat all that? Or you just naming stuff? No, he eat all that. Oh, he eat all that. Talking about just naming stuff. No, he eat all that. But what, what happened to farmer's? What you Call that eat farmer's dog too though. The trees. I mean, he'll eat piggie. That's not a meal.


Oh, I thought, oh, this. You know, I don't have no animal. I thought farmer. I thought Farmer. No, he eats farmer's dog. Okay. But sometimes when I, when I, when I don't wanna be bothered And I wanna watch the game in peace, I'll give him something to let him go outside. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it.


If you Could do One thing this year that could help you lose up to 20 to 30 pounds without lifting a single weight and it would actually be good for you, would you do it? And if it would actually improve your health and digestion and it tastes like a chocolate shake, wouldn't that be the ultimate win? Well, here it is. It's called Shakeology Packed with vital nutrients, protein, probiotics, adaptogens, and superfoods. It's the easiest way to reset your nutrition, curb cravings, and feel incredible. All in under the two minutes it takes to make a simple shake. No meal prep, no guesswork, just a smarter way to fuel your body and start feeling your best. Shakeology isn't just a shake, it's a lifestyle upgrade that makes healthy living easy, delicious, and totally doable. Shakeology is all your vital nutrition made simple. You can get free shipping, big discounts, and a free shaker cup when you subscribe@shakeology.com. That's shakeology.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag Chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke Beat, Alabama, Florida Beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out the open Florida finding Cooper flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston, And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right, but while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Want to grow your business fast with TikTok ads? Anything is possible. If you've ever thought about advertising your business on TikTok, now is the time to do it. You can drive more customers to your websites, sell products right in the app, And you can even use tiktoks creative tools to easily make content and find creators to help sell your products for you. Find new customers today. Just open your browser, type in get started.tiktok.com/tiktok ads and grow your business fast.


Like to walk too. Oh, Joe. Yo. A 45-year-old man filed for divorce after his wife let Usher seduce her and kiss her on, on stage. I saw that. Hold on. I saw that husband claimed she never kissed him in public and was shocked she would kiss a complete stranger in front of 20,000 people. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Yeah. In this situation, what you gonna do Ocho? What you mean Ocho? It's entertainment. Wait, ain't no entertainment. You ain't got no respect for me. What you talking about? You ain't got no respect for me. You already know what time it is. But one, if, if, if she even come up to your lady anyway and she ain't engaged in that type of activity, knowing what time it is, You know, she'll go, honestly, to tell you the truth, 98% of women in this situation, if there wasn't 20,000 people watching, she go, it is a green light.


That's just li that's life. That's reality. You didn't hear me just now, did you? I heard you. And she'll go if she, if you married and she'll do this in front of 20,000 people. Imagine what she'll do if it wasn't nobody watching. Ah, man. You already know. I don't even wanna, oh no. Oh, come on. Hey, don't throw up. I'm just, I'm just trying to give it to you. I'm trying to brutally honest. They, there are certain situations. Listen to me, people in the chat, You know, I mean, it's, it's hard for some people to understand because most women really won't be in that situation based on who you are and based on the type of crowd that you're around. I say it all the time, there are certain men in this world, I don't care who your woman is, I don't care how loyal or faithful you think she is, there are certain situations that can come about opportunities and circumstance that she will go, depending on who it is.


I'm telling you, listen to me. Bam. They can, they can talk about that High almighty. Oh my morality, I can't do this. And I, You know, I believe in this And I believe in that. And, You know, I'm, I'm a, I'm, I'm faithful man. Fist, please excuse my language. Ex excuse my language. Based on opportunity and circumstance, depending on who it is trying to holler. You are going to go, Hey, I want, I've seen it happen too many times. Huh? You hear me? I've seen it happen too many times. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I, I, I'm a, I'm a, I've seen it happen too, Ocho Yeah. You, you ain't got to tell me. Well, you ain't gotta tell me. But listen, the greatest teacher in life is experience.


Huh? The greatest teaching life is experience. I'm, hey, I'm one of them ones that Look here. I said, look here babe. Are You trying to get in here? We gonna be gone tomorrow. Yeah. Don't mess that up. Yeah. I don't know how long. I said, look, I don't know how long y'all been together. Come on now. Don't mess this up. Come on. I said we, we here for a night. We here for two nights. Ops, Come on now. This man gonna be here, so. Oh, he gonna be all right. Alright. Come on. Come on. You be alright. I, Hey, hey. I did what? I did my part.


I did my part. So I tried to, I out of it, but hey, okay, I did my part. Now listen, there's a very, now listen, I know I said what I said, but there is a small percentage there, there, there, there's a very small percentage based on belief, based on religion, the way they were raised, their moral compass that, You know, they won't but 98% now there is a, there, there's a, there's a very, very, a very, very large percentage. Yeah. I, You know, definitely Good. Listen, lemme, lemme, lemme tell you something. I know people in the chat, they're not gonna listen to me. The one percenters in the world, the one percenters they gonna go now.


Yeah. I, I ain't, I ain't gonna lie to you. And then you, and then you got that, that next, that next epi echelon, You know, you got, you got the billionaires. You know they, they, they take, they, they take, they picking and they keep on ticking. Yeah. Ain't too many, ain't too many people telling them no. I just think the thing is Ocho for Look, I just, I'll be honest with him. I'm saying look. Yeah. Hey, I mean, I don't know how, I don't know your situation. I don't. Right. But I'm saying y'all came together. I saw y'all, you hugged up and somehow you made it over here. Now look, we come on now. You know who we are.


Hey, we, You know who we are. We don't know you. And the likelihood we probably ain't coming back here ever again. Right. And don't, don't, don't do your man like that. Don't leave him. Yeah. But after she said don't worry about it. What I supposed to do, aren't you? Oh yeah. Oh. At that point she told at that point in time ain't slide over bro. Yeah. Hey, you just said, you just said forget it. Huh? Ocho I ain't it to my friend. I'm gonna tell you. I'm gonna be honest. Right, bro. Okay. Why you come steal my shine? O go to Ocho. I'ma send you the ocho. Come On. Hey, send him on over here.


Send him over here. He said, hey. He said I'm a chick magnet. He said, can I pet him? No. Yeah. Unless You got a dog. Unless you got a female dog with you, you can't pint me. Yeah. He said nah. He said you ain't got no female dog with you. Nah. If you got a male dog, we fighting. But where you think you going? Mm. I love you too, buddy. It's on with your bedtime Chan c ch chair. Oh yeah. I like this Before I see you Chan. Hey, you here with Joe?


You wanna go sit with, don't you? Yeah. Send, send him, send him. Won't down here with your boy, man. Hey, won't down here with your boy. You wanna go Don? You wanna go without Chuck? Huh? Hey, Look, get on your spot. Go get on your spot. Go spot. I'm almost done. Hey, spot. Hey, but hey, but, but this, it's, but it that ha that happened. That happens on so many occasions. It does. So, so many occasions at, at, at times. Women not normally thinking things through and they're, they're willing.


I I I look At it. Yeah. Don't throw, don't, Hey, don't throw this away. Don't throw this away. Yeah. But ocho I'll tell you what I did. I don't say no name, but I have a situation. I had a a, a homeboy. We was in Vegas. It was me, 1, 2, 3. It was four of us. We all hung together. Take Your time now. So we go, we, we, we had, we in Vegas And I forget where we were. And these, these, these young ladies come in, they sit down and they start talking. Don't nobody know nobody out. We talk. Right. Homeboy Leno to me, I'm marry that girl. What? Just like that 10 minutes into the conversation, I married her.


I look at it, other two, look at it like you playing. So, You know, we going, You know, when you go to Vegas, you ain't got no tagal along. Hey making No, she can't come. Three months later they were married. What? Hold on, hold on, hold on. Bring that to, bring, bring bring that back to me one more time. Hold on. As a matter of fact, it's been about, it was two 20, 2004. Right?


They say they can't hear me. Can you guys hear me now? Is this better? Huh? Okay. Because and so Ocho we go to Vegas, there's four guys, me and three of my partners. We had this, we had the, one of these casinos, I forget it was, maybe it was MGM or the Bellagio. Ah, Okay, okay. Might have been a Venetian. But anyway, these ladies come up, start talking. They nice looking ladies. I mean, hey. Yeah. I ain't gonna say no, no, it wasn't no Houston talent. I'm saying Right. But You know it, You know. Okay. So we talking.


Yeah, You know what you do. I mean, such and such, blah, blah, blah. He leans in, I'm gonna marry her. Look You just right down right there on the spot. Yes. I said, You know, hey, yeah, You know, you. Hey, hey Ocho, You know how it is. You try to, You know, you try to make a move. You laugh off, Say a lot of things that you don't really mean. Right. Hey, hey, You know, hey, we go in Bo bore or we going to, You know, mofi coast, You know, you see some anything, right? So I'm thinking, I'm thinking he just said, You know, to try to make a play. Right. But he tell my other partners, yeah, I'm gonna marry her.


I see. So what Did she, what did she do? I Don't know what she did. We just met him. But she, she was a nice looking chick. But anyway, on Joe Soul, she was, Hey, because no, she can't go. She can't tag along with us, You know. But anyway, he's like, he hang with us for like a couple, then he, three months later they married. Damn. You see, I, I love a, a young fella like that. That's, see that's what I call being intentional. See when I move right, I move with intent. I know exactly what I want. I say what I'm gonna do, And I execute, said plan right now, what did I tell you was going to happen in 2026?


I'm getting what I thought we, I was supposed to be somewhere in February of 25. Well, You know what? I bought a ticket. I want a refund. Well, let me, you, you can get your refund And you get your 5,200. Now that didn't work out for February, but I tell you what's finna work out though, you need to spend the block. Different plans. Huh? You need to spend the block. I shit spin. Who? Hey, the car. Hey, the car. Hey, hold on. Me. Can you hear me real quick? Can you hear me? I can hear you. The car Got it. Only go straight. It don't go left or right and it don't turn around. I got a singular focus and it's headed that way. You hear me? 2026.


I think you making a mistake. I think I'm not, I you hear me? I think I'm not in 2026. I'm walking down that aisle, period. Oh Lord have mercy. I'm just Telling you. Don't worry About it, Chad. I'm, I'm gonna get to him. I'm gonna talk to him. I'm gonna talk to him now. You know, because OCHO Ain't ain nothing. Sometimes Ocho sometimes ocho can be irrational. No, no, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. One thing, one thing I'm not is I'm not irrational. Everything I do is start out very well. I'm very strategic in all that. I do. I'm very methodical in the way that I plan things. Yes. Okay. You hear me? Yes. Everything I do it, it, it takes careful thought And I think it out.


I don't think short term, I think long term. But before I execute that plan long term, I think about the short term goals and the way I'm gonna execute and make things work. Okay. You hear me? I know I play around a lot. I know I laugh a lot, but I'm very strategic. Huh? You hear me? Yeah. I'm very intentional in all that I do. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, well that's, that's why, that's why I don't, I don't, I don't feel bad about some of the things I do. 'cause everything I do is with good intention from the heart with love.


Watch you laughing at me. Everything I do is with good attention. Yeah. Well, you or for everybody involved. No, no, no, no, no. The funny thing about it is, everything I do, I put, I put, I put every, everyone else before me. Let, let's start there. I put everybody else before me. And I And I, and then I, and, And I worked through that. No, I feel good. Oh. Oh, Joe. And no, they're not still married. That is last to the year. A year. Yeah. Damn. Yeah, but he, he, he, okay, well, well it's all good.


Bad look here. Bad. You know what I, I should write a book to tell some of the stories. Hey, that'd, that'd be a good one. But you can't, you gotta change the names like you did in the best Man. Yeah. Oh yeah. Change The names. I definitely gotta change the names. Listen, I still wanna know who, I wanna know who shitted on the GM table. I'm for real. I Want to know There's, listen, there's only a few players in the history of the game that can pull that off where there's really no, there's really nothing that Jim could say because they are the main focal point of said team.


So, I don't know. It had had to be somebody. And, and You know what? It gotta be a de a defensive player too. Yeah. But nah, You know some things little Charlie, like I said, my casket, you gonna need a forklift to carry my casket. 'cause I'm taking a lot of secrets to my grave. So my casket's gonna be really heavy. Yeah. Some things, some things you just die with. Yeah. You just, you have to, You just take that have to. Nah. Right. But See, it ain't for me. It ain't, it ain't worth it. It's not even worth it. There's not amount of money. Okay. You gimme two, $3 million million. That's New York Times. It'll be, it will be a New York Times bestseller, but Absolutely. It ain't worth it. It's not even worth it. I mean, the story, the the stories that from the places that we been and some, yeah.


That's some good, Hey boy's, some good one. You hear, hear me? There's some good ones. All, all that, All that, all that just, Hey, listen, I just, God, just, just lay your hand on me. That's all. Because I, I'm a change, I'm a change man. I'm a change man. I done, God, I done got baptized again. 'cause the last one was wearing off. I'm, I'm, I'm walking with faith one foot in front of the other. I got my head high so I can see where I'm going. Yeah. I keep you all for that matter. I mean, you married And you out there doing a situation like that, You know, you can't kiss no man, come man, you married you, but you can't even, I mean, you got, and when you married, you have to move a certain way.


Move a certain way. 'cause I, I move a certain way. I don't, I don't do all you married, all that flirtation stuff. I don't get down like that because I don't want your hook. Because look, and this is what I tell people is that look, oh, I say you have to understand I'm just not some willy-nilly guy Say, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Say it again. Matter of fact, whatever you say right now, say it slow. I tell people that before we get involved, I say, you did. Well, I, I, I used to, I say, look, can you do me a favor? Do not mention me. Oh, why? I say, because I'm not some willy nilly guy. Come on now. He's Gonna feel some type of way.


He gonna think I'm trying to big time him or he gonna think you were seeing me while you were seeing him. And I don't need that. Because it wasn't that. When, when you free from him, we can talk. Yeah, but I don't, I don't, I don't come, I I don't, I don't want get down like that. Ojo listen, They, they, they listen. They, they, they played, they, they, they play this game. They, they, they play this game. So whatever she was doing, whatever she did, when the opportunity, again, this is the opportunity, right? Right. Based on circumstances. You see how the opportunity presented itself and the circumstances was, I have a chance to engage with Usher at a concert.


And what does she do with that opportunity? She took the chance. Yeah. So Now you ruin, you ruin a marriage And you already know. So you're conducting yourself And you Not in the marry usher because he already married. Listen back. Bingo. She About be trying to pull, think she about to pull a David Ruffin. Ma'am, please listen. You're supposed to move the same way when you're single, the same way you'll move as a wife. There's no switch. There's no switch that you hit on and all of a sudden you put a ring on your finger or you walk down the aisle and then all of a sudden you different. However you move when you're single is how you're gonna move when you're married or when you're in a relationship.


Oh, if a certain opportunity presents itself, you're still going to do the same exact thing you would do if you were single. Nothing changes it. Not all, all of a sudden your human morale kicks in And you just this different person. It just doesn't, Hey Ocho, I saw a thing from Ruby Rose today. She said that she tell a guy that she's getting her hair done right? And she, he doesn't ask how much it costs. It ain't gonna last long. Wait, hold on. This is the same Ruby Rose that said yes. Her dude have to have five, make $5 million a year. Yes. I listen, we listen you hopefully when the tooth fair, when when your tooth come out, hopefully you hope the tooth fairy leaves a doll under your pillow.


Hopefully Now women can hope. Women can have beliefs, women can have prerequisites and they can have wants the chance of actually getting some of them that you say is slim to none. Because when you get, when you go into that pool, oh, stay with me real quick. Now stay with me now Chad, y'all stay with me real quick. When you go into that pool of wanting men that make $5 million or more, you got to understand your chances. You have to look at yourself And you have to look at the pool of women you got to deal with to be the main one to be able to get taken care of, to be a part of that rotation of a man that makes $5 million or more. You get where I'm going with it. I I don't wanna break it all the way down. Yeah.


But I know there's, I just want, I Just want, I just want delusion. I want you to lose delusion. There's a lose That Part. Once a guy, once a guy get to a level financially, there is more of you than they are of him, Man. So his selection pool is greater than yours. Now, what you need to do, what you not going to do on this good Sunday is, listen, I'm not saying you with dj, but you need to work. You need to bring that back. But I think if, hold on, Hold on. You need to bring that back. Yes. You need to. Lemme give him a pen and pad. Boy.


Woo. You cooking. Come on, chef. It's, I mean, bring that back. Bring that back one more time. Once you get to a certain level of financially. Right? And women, they understand and women know this. Yeah. Women know that there are more, there are more of them right than they are of you. Because the likelihood of you fighting me. Look, I mean, once you reach a certain level of financial, you start, okay, you hit a million, you hit five, you hit 10, you hit 15, 20. Ain't a whole lot of people making 5, 10, 15, 20 Millions, very small. How many beautiful women you think they are? Let's just take a state like California where there's 40 million people.


Or you take a state like Texas, they got 27, 20 8 million people. Or you take Florida or you take New York, or you take Georgia. There is more beautiful. There is more beautiful women in the state of Texas alone than people that make $20 million a year. And then you got two things working against you women. The two, I call 'em the two ends. You needy And you nasty. Mm. You want stuff, but you want talk to somebody. I ain't gonna fit to good. Oh, Joe, we, I ain't finna do this tonight. Come on. Do Stop preaching. Don't Stop preaching.


You good? But listen, did Ruby Rolles wanna do that? Make more than 5 billion. If she wanna get her hair done and she has a guy that will fund her getting her hair, that's fine. But You know what the funny thing about it? This is what I love about women. This is what I love about women. Regardless of ethnicity, regardless of prerequisites, regardless of what they want, whatever they demand or whatever they say they want out of a guy, there will always be a dude willing to do it. There'll always be a sucker. You hear me? And I mean that in not a disrespectful way and not a disrespectful manner, but whatever their wants are, there will always be a sucker willing to do it. But what Happens always, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, okay, she meets that guy that he makes 5 million. What happens to the next?


What happens when the guy that comes along that makes 10 or 15 million? Oh, she gonna go. She gonna go, she gonna go, huh? That's the game. That's always been the game, huh? What's the first thing women say when they leave one guy and they go to the next one? Oh, I got a dude with a bigger bag. Oh, I gotta, I He got more money than you. And guess what? Well, yeah. And guess what? O Joe, the guy with the bigger bag. He got a bigger roster too. Are you saying, are you a starter? Are you coming off the bench? Coming off the bench? You might be in the G League That ain't got nothing come coming Off. I ain't even go there. O Joe. Let, let's let, hold on. A bigger bag.


Say, say, wait one more time. Bring it back for me one more time. Now you went to the dude with the bigger bag, but are you on the bench or you a what? Hell, you might be in the G league. Damn. The bitch he might have, he might call you up when one of the players that he got on the roster when they really not performing. So she might be a two-way player. Hey. But they love the Boin. They love the Boin brag. I got the one with the, I'm so glad I'm out the game. I'm glad I'm off the market, man. I ain't gotta deal with these games no more. You know, I ain't gotta deal with these games no more. Y'all have fun. I just, I enjoy talk about it, You know, just through, through experience and, and in my time, You know, in the field, I'm at the playing field.


I'm waving the white. I ain't got no white flag. I'm waving the white flag.


If you could do one thing this year that could help you lose up to 20 to 30 pounds without lifting a single weight and it would actually be good for you, would you do it? And if it would actually improve your health and digestion and it tastes like a chocolate shake, wouldn't that be the ultimate win? Well, here it is. It's called Shakeology Packed with vital nutrients, protein, probiotics, adaptogens, and superfoods. It's the easiest way to reset your nutrition, curb cravings, and feel incredible. All in under the two minutes it takes to make a simple shake. No meal prep, no guesswork, just a smarter way to fuel your body and start feeling your best. Shakeology isn't just a shake, it's a lifestyle upgrade that makes healthy living easy, delicious, and totally doable. Shakeology is all your vital nutrition made simple. You can get free shipping, big discounts, and a free shaker cup when you subscribe@shakeology.com. That's shakeology.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, Yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida B and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida Beat Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's Gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with a in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


How can advertising on TikTok help jumpstart sales for your small business? Thanks to TikTok ads, I was able to open up a business with my childhood friend, ghetto Warehouse, and even hire employees. My name is Julian And I am one of the founders of the Snacks lab. We are an exotic snack company. We had over a hundred thousand dollars in sales from our TikTok ads in the first month. So our orders went from five a day to over 250 orders a day. You definitely have to use TikTok ads And you gotta start now. Head Over to get started.tiktok.com/tiktok ads.


All right, Ojo, it's time for our final segment of the evening. Wait, we going, we leaving already? No, we got night. We got a Q and a. Hey, this shit was good tonight. Boy, this is a good one. Boy too. Shout out. Happy birthday big bro. Sterling. And to me, number 44 ocho. I saw clips on IG today playing tennis. Are you good enough to go against Serena or Roger Federer Yesterday as my brothers, he turned 60 today. Hey, happy birthday. I called him earlier this morning and he was, he was up. So happy birthday big bro. You know, I love you to the moon and back stars and back infinity and beyond. I really appreciate everything that you've done for me and my life, the way you've done represented this family extremely well.


So thank you very, very much and happy birthday to you, Tyra. Happy 44th and hopefully you have many more to come. Ocho, could you beat Serena or Federer? Absolutely not. Listen, even, even Serena, Did y'all do that? This is the first time Ocho if actually said he couldn't be the pro at their chosen profession. Yeah, I'm, I'm not missing, I'm not, I'm not gonna play around as, as, as, as good as I am at tennis. I'm, I'm, this time I'm gonna sit this one out and be realistic. Even Serena. Matter of fact, there's some women on right now on tour that I probably couldn't be right now even as athletic and as good as I am in tennis. I definitely ain't beating none of the men. Oh no, you are not.


Return they serve. Yeah. Why was I just getting ready to say that? The hand, the hand eye coordination that I would need and being able to recognize the ball at that, at that speed. It, that starts from four years old, just years and years. And I wouldn't be able to do it. I wouldn't be able to do it. And I could hit back and forth with 'em at, at, at, at a good speed and a good rate. But the consistency to be able to do it at their level, I just wouldn't be able to do it. I'm, and I'm, I'm being honest, I'm being honest. Triple X cup sanity said OKC. Oh can see Ocho can see. We all can see Lis in five Rs.


Brandon Ali Sheik said RSS. G-P-S-C-B-S lis in five man OCHO at the airport in DC Yeah man, the ocho the whole airport was saying Lakers in five. For real. I'm talking about the entire airport. I'm si man Ocho I'm signing. I'm at this card, this memorabilia show Ocho, I'm signing Sergio Barker, chew Barker walk, flock Lakers in five people actually got me cited memorabilia with Lakers and five on it. Hey, that's funny. Convo starters.


I got one up. S-G-A-A-B-A Morris Day. My question, if you could play on any team in this era, where y'all going Ocho? Who you gonna play with? Well, You know, I'm going to Cincinnati, bro. Yeah, that's gonna Cincinnati listen with these relaxed rules, with the, with the defensive rules where they can't touch you the way they can. Now you take me that oh five, that, that, that oh 4 0 5 0 6 0 7 0 8 ocho. Yep. In today's era with the way they play defense and they can't hit you. Man, stop playing. Boy. I be out. I'll be out here going dummy and Aki, I'm going my homeboy.


Hey Trav, we gonna be on a lot of double tight end set. I go, I'm going with my homeboy off. Jay said, oh, please write down for tomorrow. OKC fruit punch high C John Cena only. Man, I can't see legacy in five. Casey Taylor said Dunking on SGA facing the tigers in the PGA tackle Herschel at UGA Lakers at five. We need number 18 Mamba mentality. We do ca various Dorsey said, Hey Unc, when you was on undisputed during time with Russell Wests book was on the Lakers. Whose idea was it to do those blooper reels showcase this turnover than any bad shot?


Bro, I ain't call for no bra. I didn't call. I don't really call for no highlights. Right? Y'all saw y'all watch the game. So what do I need to call for the highlights for Senator Brown said, I think Commissioner Adam Silver should, should look to move Memphis Grizzlies outta Memphis. Why They sell out. You know, you do realize the Grizzlies came from Vancouver so they moved to Memphis. Memphis put up the money. I mean, I I don't think they should move it. I think the Grizzlies fans, I think they support their team. They kind, excuse me, they've kind of fallen on hard times.


Excuse me. They, You know, last couple of games they haven't played well. But Ja hit a, excuse me, a game went and shot the other night against the Pelicans. Right. That who he hit that shot against the heat, the heat hit that shot against the heat. But Ja just needs to be able to stay healthy. That a floater. Yeah, I a floater with nice boy that step back. Judges needs to stay healthy. They got a nice little squat. I think they need another piece. I don't think I'm, they can win a cha. Yeah, I don't think they can win a championship with with with that core group. I'm right here. No sir. K What's up guys? I see a lot of potential in Shiloh in his game, but his name is not standing out. When it comes to top defenders in the draft, where do you see him landing?


What is his ceiling and what can he improve? I mean, you don't know. You don't know where anybody's ceiling is gonna be. Especially going to the draft. You know, it's one thing going to the draft regardless of where you go. It's what you do once you get there and being able to improve on your game once you do get there. Where you go matters a lot. I think. Absolutely does. I think for a defender, I, I think for a defender, not as much as a offensive player. You know, I always looked at it like I don't care where the hell I'm going. I'm gonna make whoever job, whoever, whoever my coach may be, I'm gonna make your job as easy as possible. 'cause I'm gonna make sure I'm on my shit. Someone is gonna keep, keep their job a lot, a lot longer because they're gonna ask who's the scout that found Shannon Sharp?


Who recommended, who pitched Dan Reed that they should, they should sign Shannon Sharp. Come on now. All I all I wanted, I remember I ocho I remember like yesterday 'cause back then the draft used to come on Sundays. They had the first two rounds on Sunday. Right. And then they had the rest of the draft. 'cause it was 12 rounds was on Monday. Hey, I don't know to tell about you. Right. I remember my brother coming to my room say, Hey bro, we gonna be okay. Hey You know I gotta hold it down. I said span all I wanted somebody to gimme a chance. I said, all I want somebody to do is gimme a helmet and a pair of shoulder pad. That's all I ask. Right.


They give me that. I'll take care of the rest. He said, nah bro, we don't even worry about that. Hey get you a good night's sleep. I said, all right. Went to bed that night. Woke up that morning, said man bro, let's go get us some work workout here. Lo and behold, phone rang sharp telephone. Like who the hell know I'm here Dad Reed. Hey, we took you in the seventh round. Yeah, you happy to be a bro? I say coach, you won't regret it. Say hey, hey, had the plane ticket at the airport went out there. I'm looking around. That's all she wrote. Man, please.


That's why I ain't going back and say I don't know what y'all thinking. I ain't going back. You know we get out there because You know back, you go right away. You have a little, You know little man, You know man, them guys going, hey, they come in, they going out man, you going? No, I say bro, man party didn't send me the hood. Come party, I'm coming to make this damn team. That's it. I'm coming to make this team bro. That's it. Spent seven seventh round seventh, 1 92. Well You know that. Hey, that ain't promised now. Hell not. I know they tried to use me as a camp, camp body. No, I told my brother all I wanted the helmet, a pair of shoulder pad. Hell, I brought all cleats from Savannah State. Just gimme the hell of the shoulder pad.


So I take care of the rest mother like the other motherfucker boy. So you gonna take care of the rest. That's all I needed. Yeah, boy, look here. Hey, that's funny. I wasn't playing with them folks. O Joe. And I knew once I made it my rookie year, it was a wrap. And then, You know, I got the, got the grasp of like how I needed to train during the season, what I needed to do, how attentive I needed to be. One once I got it down And I understood like if I'm an, if I'm the, You know, y tight end, well tight end was x back then. If I'm him or if I'm the, the, the, You know the move tight end boy.


Yeah, it was over. The worst thing you could do is let somebody with my God-given athletic ability, know what the hell he supposed to do. Katie all over. It was over. Dr. Frank y Bellamy said, I hope everyone voted for UNC and Club. Shahi and Nightcap are nominated for multiple web awards. Please go vote. Thank you Doc. Oh, if there was a fire And you could only say one pair, which sneakers are you grabbing with no hesitation or are you sprinting out of the house? Barefoot Durag roll at, at a plate of ribs. What pair of shoes am I grabbing?


Huh? Oh yeah, yo. Yeah, but bet that's a no brainer. Sneakers. I don't, I don't love the sneakers like that no more. I already done beat Ash down so I beat as down. Yes. I sleep, this is what I normally sleep in like this. So I ain't got no robe. I might grab my 84 robe, but I don't want that to burn up that, leave that. I'm trying to think what the hell I'm gonna grab. Oh, well I'm probably gonna grab Oh well me tied the teddy bear.


We standing outside. Yeah. I ain't going to get no damn shoes. Damn them shoes. I try to play. Oh, I might, what if I start at that's gonna determine that's gonna, oh that's gonna determine what I get. Turn what you can get. Yeah. That's funny bro. I was saying I was, we were gonna stand outside. I didn't tell you to come back in here. Come on. Yes, I'm gonna save you. Yes, yes, yes, yes.


I'm gonna save this big old boy. He gonna be the first thing I, well I'm gonna grab Teddy bear. You'll follow me out the house. Teddy Bear might go try to get a toy. Yeah. Oh, George, your house. Tell what you gonna say? Oh, Joe, what you gonna get In the house? See? Oh, I grab a picture. I'm grabbing my grandma picture off the wall. Me and my brother and my grandma. I'm, I'm grabbing that damn. The rest of the stuff. Damn, the watches this jewelry. I don't care. I'm grabbing that picture And I got a picture. I got a picture in my o in my, in my range. Oh, Joe, over my visor. Yeah, it's her. We actually, we buried her in that outfit.


Pink hat on. I'm getting that picture as a matter of fact, I ain't saving nothing else. I'm gonna close the garage. Yeah, I I did, You know what's funny? I ain't, I ain't really got, I ain't really got nothing here because You know, I'm at, I'm at the little Apartment. Yeah. And ain't, well I guess you, I guess you have to run in there and save. You know who, but that's okay. We ain't gonna talk about that Pat do, but Pat Dove say, oh, do you remember all the breeds of dogs you ever had? Would you, would you ever consider having a Japanese, a Japanese Tulsa? I do.


We had, my grandmother had a beagle. Come on so much. Had a German Shepherd. We had a mutt. I've owned two Rod Wallers. I've had a Akita. I've had Palms, three palms, two bull masters and now bobble. My uncle, my uncle and my grandfather and them had hu hunting dogs. Had a, a blue tick, a red bone, a black and tan coon dogs. So they had, they had hunting dogs. But no, now I'm only a small dog guy. I like, I like Paul even though this joke over here. I mean they love me.


The big dogs love you, but well they're handful. This joke a handful here because he don't play and everybody's scared of him And I don't like that having to put him up when they come. But You know, it is what it is. No, but Japanese, Tulsa, they're too big. Tangos or You know, alibi. They too big and they shed too much.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Guys, you show us your support because you're voting for us in record numbers And we greatly, greatly appreciate that. That's what's important to us is because when we win these awards and they're voting on by the people that lets You know, you appre, that lets us know and that lets the world know that you appreciate the content that Club Shesha and Nightcap are producing. So we greatly appreciate that. None of this is possible without you. So we greatly, greatly appreciate your support. I'm your favorite up Shannon Sharpe. That's 85 Liberty City Zone. Bingo, ring of Fame artery, pro bowler All Pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please go follow the media, our media page cup. Please follow my media company's page on all of his platform. That's Shehe Media and thank you. Thank you so much guys. We awards for been nominating us for six awards. Me personally, I got nominated for Best Entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club, shehe best creator slash influencer series, Nightcap Best Sports show. Best video series and Nightcap was nominated for also Best Live podcast recording. The link is pinned in our bios. Please go vote for us. Voting ends April the 17th.


Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. OCHO has on the thermal tee I have the, the Nightcap tees from Super Bowl supplies are limited. Once they're gone, they're gone. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour went on sale two weeks ago. Here's our eight star eight stops again in order in which we're going to appear. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, YC Chicago, And we finish the tour off in Detroit. Tickets can be found@sheamedia.com slash tour.


That's shehe media.com/tour. The link is pinned in our chat. Guest lined up. We're shaping up. It's gonna shape up really, really nice. Can't wait for you guys to come out and see us. We're gonna have fun. Go get your tickets now. Thanks Kmart for joining us. We really appreciate you Kmar. Coming on, make sure you follow Kmar Kenon Martin sr ig, Twitter, Facebook. You can catch him on weekday on Gil's Arena Gil And that crew is doing an unbelievable job. We miss Gil here on Nightcap, but hopefully we get an opportunity to talk to him during the playoffs a little bit. So thank you again, Kmart for coming on. The Lakers dominate the thunder, beat them by 20 by 27 points.


1 26 to 99 The Rockets beat the Warriors. Steph had a very off night Ocho, he only had three points and a loss. They lost by 10. Nicola Yoic had a a 41 point triple double, but they end up losing at home. Woo. To the Indiana Pacers. So that concludes this episode of Nightcap I. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow. Thanks for joining us guys. We greatly appreciate your support. Love You The Volume.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. It's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase Company,


protect Your end zone with the best clean pants down dude wipes coming. A variety of senses and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't frum the ball with TP wetter. Just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your behold and make the trade of the season with Switch. The dude wipes, the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes, that's clean pants down.


You know, some people say that, ooo, business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@oo.com od oh.com.