
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Member Week is here at Lowe's. Don't miss your chance to get up to 40% off hundreds of items like paint, outdoor and home essentials and more. Shop our exclusive deals happening in store and online now through May 14th, not a rewards member. Join for free today and get ready to save more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details of lows.com/terms subject to change.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless Skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat, moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit j beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo.


The Volume OCHO teams reportedly laughed at the idea of adding George Pickens to their roster. According to Jeff Howell of the Athletic, these were the, these were Jeff words Exactly. Word leaked during the draft that Pickens was available if anyone wanted him. Some teams polled by the athletic at the time, laughed at the idea of inviting pickets into their locker room for any price, let alone a second day draft pick.


There wasn't a lot of interest in talking with the Steelers about a trade. Hence, this is why the trade happened after the draft. Nobody was interested. Yeah, I I also would love to hear any teams that weren't interested and the team that did laugh or had something to say slick about it. Now I know the issues that he had on field, but let's talk about what he does on the field. I know we've had small entities, small, small instances of, of him where he's loafed where he hasn't blocked, Can't run hard And not running hard. Now let's talk about the times and when he does play hard and what he can do for you, when he gets the ball in his hands, there's a bunch of teams that could actually use that ojo.


A bunch of teams that actually use that o You know, who don't have anybody. Ocho you do realize his job is to play hard all the time. Yeah, I understand that. But can I tell you something too? Yes. Every receiver doesn't play hard all the time. Ocho it can't be that obvious. You can the ball. You can't see the ball. I I know I I'm with you. I'm with I'm with you when you Right. Listen, I'm with you. Right. I'm just saying It's, it's magnified. It's magnified. You know, You know what I'm trying to say? Yes. Let we Yeah. You know what I'm trying to say, but you Right. But you're, but see, the problem that he has is that if that's Randy Moss. Yeah. He ain't Moss. Yeah. He ain't Jerry Rice. So you don't get to have that luxury.


Yeah. Or a play off. Hey, Randy was funny with it, boy. Hey, Randy was funny with it. So when George Pickens can give you 23 touchdowns. Yeah. When he can give you 16, 1700 yards. Okay. Take a play off. Now. Now, Now. Listen. Now, now he's that type of player though. But You know what it takes to get that? It takes the opportunities, it takes the ball. It does. And we understand the quarterback carousel and the issues they had offenses me over there where that wouldn't, that wasn't the case. He's that type of talent. You can't Can off like that Ocho. I I huh? You can't start off like that. You can't be like that in your first couple of years. You gotta get some, you gotta get some seniority under your belt. Right, Right, right, right, right. That's your, that's year five, year six, after you've been to the Pro Bowl three or four times.


Right. You've been a first team all pro a couple of times. You can't do that coming out they box. Yeah. I know. I know, I know. We, I knew we were frustrated. I knew we were frustrated. Like, You know what, You know, I know, I know. We was. Because you look at p you look at some of the players, even you doing the doing. If I think it was you that did the comparison as far from a talent standpoint when it was coming out the draft. Yeah. You know, I mean, dude immensely talented. There's just another side that once we fix that up, he matures a little bit. He's gonna be all right. Listen, after that conversation I had with him, he gonna be all right. He's not gonna have no issues in Dallas. 'cause listen my back against the wall. Now you're seeing all the young bulls get paid. They making big money. You, you need to be a 30, $35 million receiver.


You can be that. If you show this year in Dallas, ed, the world is watching now. You on the biggest stage baby. You on the biggest stage. Just go out there, do what you need to do, hand a business and get your bag in the off season. Most receiving yards in the Steelers drafted in the last 20 years. And Antonio Brown was a six round draft pick in 2010. He averaged 86.2 yards with the Steelers. He averaged 67.8 with two teams. After that, Mike Wallace was around three pick in 2009 64 yards with the Steelers less than 50 with four teams after that. San Antonio Holmes 64 yards with the Steelers round one selection in 2006, 42 yards with two teams at the left.


Juju, 61 yards with the Steelers 35 yards. Two teams at the left, the Steelers, George Pickens, round 2 20, 22 59 yards. We'll see what he deontay Johnson. 2019 around three selection, 57 yards, 31.3, three teams after. Sometimes the grass ain't always greener. Now look, the steel don't, the one thing we know about the Steelers though, Ocho Yeah. They ain't got no problem moving on from a receiver. Yeah. They Don't. They don't. They don't. After, after they get what they want to out of them, they get a whole lot of production out. The one they move on from first. Now, I mean, think about it. Think about who I mean, Swan Stallworth.


Yeah. And, and, and, and Hein Ward, all the others even been Louis Limps. Left yy. Pigpen left Yancy. Yeah. I mean, think about it. Don't Joe, all the other ones left. Yeah, Flex, Mike Wallace, Emanuel Sanders, every, everybody, everybody. O obviously it's Nation. Oh, chase Martus Bryant. 53 yards. 33 yards a game with the Raiders. Chase Claypool 50 52 yards, less than 12 yards. A game with two teams. Yeah. Also, also you have to understand the situation. These these individuals went to, they're going into a different, they went into a different situation.


George Pickens is going into a situation where he is a bide number one alongside another number one where offensively they're going to use him a lot more than these other players were used when they went to the places they went to again. And he is also a much, and I mean, no disrespect, I got to say that he's a much better talent and receiver than everybody else. You just named too outside of the Antonio O'Brien. Antonio O'Brien. Yeah. I was Gonna say he better than Antonio. Oh Shit man. Look man, brother, brother Brown might be top five all time depending on who you ask. I just look, the thing is for whatever I, but it's gotta be something in Pittsburgh.


Right. Look at all the receivers we named. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And for some reason, hey, you either coach it or you tolerate it. Ocho Yeah. Now what is, what's going on? You coach it or you tolerate it. Which is it Ocho? I'm asking. Yeah. Well you got my, what Other team have a position? What other team has a running back position? A D-line position? A quarterback position. A quarterback position with this many, hold on. This is the last 20 years. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. We didn't mention ple. We didn't mention Emanuel Sanders.


So that's, that's 10 receivers in the last two decades. What's going on Ocho? I, I don't know. Listen, if we go down the other 31 teams, it'll probably be the same goddamn thing. So we got 10 players at one position that the team has gotten rid of. Yeah. The nature of the business is the nature of the business too. Now on that, it's Not on Joe. Don't Do that. You don't think so? Name the team. Oh, I, I don't have it in front of me. I I'm just kidding. No, You have it in front of it. You off the top of your head. Name 10 players that play a position for any team that's had these kind of issues. What the Steelers had with wide receivers. Oh, shoot.


Alright, Let's see what you wrote down. Ocho Shoot. Why ain't, I can't, I can't think of nothing boy, Because there ain't none. You ain't naming, you are not naming 10 players for one team at one position. I ain't talking about getting rid of somebody from, okay, we got rid of y receiver, we got rid of a tight end. We got rid of a bb. We got, this is all one position, don't y'all? Yeah. Y yeah. Yeah. You right. Well, maybe, maybe they, maybe they just have, they, they, they got bad luck over there. You coach it or you condo it. A little bit of, a little bit of both depending on how good he is. See According to James Slater, George Pickett says he found out when everyone else found out about the trade.


He says like the mojo and the swag is here. George Pickett was asked how he sees himself in this office with CD Lamb. He says he definitely sees himself on the outside. He doesn't really understand the notion of a one A and one B receiver. When I used to watch football, there was always a good receiver. There's always a good receiver on the other side of him. So I just feel like we're gonna work off of each other really well. Pickens was asked what he brings to the team as a teammate. He said he's bringing people along. He knows how to win, having won a championship in Georgia. He says he doesn't know what number he plans on wearing yet. Next order of business is getting here and quickly as he can. But he needs to find a place and a vehicle. Haven't talked to Jerry yet, but spoken with Dak and the coaches and met some of the players.


Speaking of swag, the Dallas Cowboy Pro shop is already sold out. Ofties, I'm getting, listen, I got, I got a few jerseys. I gotta get me this off season too, man. I gotta get me a George Pick and D Jersey. Yeah, I got, I gotta get me a Zach Wilson, dolphin jersey. I gotta listen. Is it okay a chat? Y'all let me know. I listen, I can I get a Shado saying Jersey even though I'm, I'm Bengal by heart. Or is that, is that No, Yeah, I guess you could, yeah, sure. You could, You know, un understanding the circumstances. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I'm curious. I'm curious. I'm curious. I'm gonna ask Bengal fans that see how they feel about it.


They say no, I won't get one. Yeah. But I, but I, but Cleveland is, is probably y'all biggest, is like the Ravens and the Steelers. That's the biggest rival. Y'all biggest rival is Cleveland. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all in, y'all in the same state, colors are closed. I mean, 'cause you think about it, Paul Brown started the Cleveland Browns and then he went and started the, the Cincinnati Bengals. So there ain't no love lost between you two guys. Yeah. But absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. If you want to get one. Yeah, good luck trying to find one. Oh, I can, I just call Prime. I just call Sha door, You know, Hey man, listen, I need a jersey, You know? Yeah. But I, I, I really hope George picks, figures it out.


I mean these two talent ocho to be bouncing around. You know, sometimes people will give you Grace one, you okay, it wasn't the right situation. The quarterback, you go to the Cowboys, it's like, okay. Yeah, but don't, don't, don't, don't, don't go anywhere else but the Cowboys. Now if the money, You know, you want more money and I, I totally understand that. Right. But don't have the issues that you had in Pittsburgh, right here in Dallas. That's all. That's all I'm saying. Like Deontay Johnson like, bro, you, you on three teams last year, something ain't right. He's, Because I agree with you Ocho I think he's too talented. He can run, he can catch you strong. He physical got ga great catch radius. Great run after the catch can high point the football, he can block what he wants to block.


Yeah. Yeah. But the problem is, a lot of these young receivers ocho, they only see value in catching touchdown the passes. They don't see value in clearing it out and letting, let CD lamb coming behind him and catch it. Right. They don't see value in blocking and the running back, instead of getting a 10 yard, he got a 50 yard touchdown. So you gotta find value in other things when you're not doing what the thing you see is valuable. He sees valuable is catching bunch of passes scoring touchdowns. But there's also value, value in opening it up. So CD, lamb and Jake Ferguson and maybe the third receiver gets a catch or a block that, You know, a guy could have got 10 yard. If you got 10 yards, maybe you spr it for 40 or 50. Right.


You have to find other ways to bring value and to have value other than the thing that you think is valuable, which is catching passes and catching touchdowns. But I hope he gets it figured out because I do think he's immensely talented. I think he has a bright future. But don't squander this opportunity young man. Don't squander. I told you, I told Unc, I told you I got him. He good. Okay. We done had the conversation. That's why after that conversation I told you I had with him, we ain't had no issues since now. Whatever, whatever. Hey, Ain't ain no football since Lemme, lemme finish. Hey, my point, exactly, my point. Exactly. So He have no problems off the field. Here's all problems on the field. Hold on, listen to me, stay with me real quick. Now I want you to see, now watch the George Pickers we get in Dallas. Yeah. I, and I'm, I'm saying we, 'cause if he, if he went to goddamn Dallas, I'm part of Dallas too.


Okay. Now watch what we get. So anytime you, anytime he make a mistake, everybody makes you, you come back and you blame me. It's my fault I let y'all die. Now. I mean, man, I don't care about, look, you're gonna make mistakes, but I'm just saying that effort. Oh, I know what you mean. I'm, Hey, I'm even talking about that. Yeah, I'm talking about that. I'm I'm talking about that too. Yeah. All, all of it. Because it's hard to tell if, You know, obviously, You know, sometimes guy run the wrong route. The quarterback would like put his hands up and he is like my, You know, he'll point to himself. That's really the only way, You know, unless You know, you played in the offense and You know, the route combination and what, what goes with what. Right. A lot of times I see west coast offense, I kind of, I'm pretty familiar.


They might call the terminology something different now. 'cause it's evolved since Bill Walsher, well, Paul Brown, that was Paul Brown's offense. And then Bill Walsher expanded upon it and gave it to West coast offense. It's expanded. But I have a pretty good general knowledge of teams that run that system. What the route combination, what what it should look. And so I feel very comfortable when I say something that, that I, I'm correct to a fairly degree of certainty. But he can definitely help the cowboys. Cowboys have been looking for a number two since CD got there. They had Gallup, Gallup, You know, had a, had a good year, got the big contract. He just couldn't stay healthy Ocho. Yeah. And he wasn't the same player after he came off that knee injury. He tore, I think he tore his ACL.


He wasn't the same. He wasn't, he wasn't the, he wasn't the same player. Hard man. It's hard. The ACL, the ACL, the A, the ACL. They goddamn Achilles is very, very difficult to come back. Especially for skilled position players. I think quarterbacks, You know, if, if you, you not much of a dual threat, which most quarterbacks are now, it's hard to come back, man. Yeah. It, it normally takes your year unless you're Adrian Peterson. Adrian Peterson got people, got people thinking that, that he just had an ankle sprain. Hey, he came back and had a better season than that kid. And Wasn't, yeah, he went for 2000 was the MVP and of player the Year. Yeah, he was, I almost broke up Ed's record.


He was what? He had 2097. So he was nine yards short of breaking Ed's record. Yeah. The closest anyone has been, he's single handedly got that team to the playoffs. 'cause his quarterback was Christian pro and pond, You know. Yep. They had Sidney Rice. Remember Sidney Rice? Yeah. Remember Sidney? Yeah. Yeah. But you said you wanted to see pick go somewhere else and, and see. Well, you get your wishes. I think he got his wishes. And then not only did he get his wishes, now we have consistent quarterback play. I don't care what the chat or what the people of the world may think of.


Dak Prescott, he's still an adequate quarterback in this NFL. He's better than what he had in Pittsburgh for sure. Yeah. Huh? Dude, you who you telling, You know? So obviously in that NFC, in that NFC East, it's a good thing for the Cowboys offensively. So Deck has someone else outside of CD Lamb and I can't remember the Titan's name, who's actually good. Jake Ferguson. Jake Ferguson. A reliable target. But the ad, the ad George Pickens to the ham and to that weaponry for for, for, for Dak to have offensively. I think they gonna do numbers. They, they gonna do wonders. It just, it just boasts that offense. And listen, long as they use young boy the right way, man, the sky's the limit for him.


The sky's the limit for him.


So we all made mistakes, right, but own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one Miss Anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here for T-Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Are you Still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, discovers accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


Amazon one medical presents Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever COO of the day is breeding in there. A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitis you've contracted. Amazon one medical healthcare just got less painful.


Oh my goodness. You gonna love this Next one. Well, Steelers DB Deshaun Elliot does not want Alan Lazar to be traded to his team under the IG post. Talking about Lazar being involved in the heavy trade rumors with Pittsburgh. Deshaun commented, he's so booty. Wait, wait, say that again. You can see it, you see it up on your screen. You can see what I, you can see exactly what I see. He so cheeks. LOLI Can't, I can't see it That good man. You know my man, my eyes bad now. Well, Well, everybody, every, everybody else see it. Wait, what happened now say it again. Tell, tell me. Tell me too. Because it is too small. Get Alan Lazar is being involved in trade, the Steelers are possibly, could possibly trade for Alan Lazar.


Okay. Okay. Deshaun commented under the post talking about the trade and he said he's Cheeks Wouldn't Deshaun Deshaun Elliot, he's a DB for the Pittsburgh Steelers. The Steelers are involved in trade rumors with Alazar. Okay, I get it. Who's a receiver? They beefing Ocho. You can read, can't you? You see what you said right there, right? Yeah. I'm saying are they beefing though? I dont know what is, that's what he said. I don't, I didn't get any further than that. You know exactly what I know. Listen, I can't wait to be a fly on the wall. I hope the trade does go through and Al Azar does go to the Steelers. 'cause now the Steelers have to find a replacement for George Pickens. So somebody gotta come in there. Some they, they need a body somewhere.


I can't wait to see that. Deshaun. Deshaun Elliot. Yeah, shoey got that. And he liked that. He liked that. Is he like that? He's supposed to be that boy at, at db Ojo. Ojo, ojo. I'm just all I said Okay. Steeler. Deshaun Elliot does not want Alan Lazar traded to his team under an IG post. Talking about Lazar being involved in heavy trade room rumors with Pittsburgh. Deshaun commented. Deshaun Deshaun Elliot Blue check mark. Blue check Mark. Yeah, he So cheeks. LOL. Yeah. Now I'm asking you, is he like that? He talking about his team? Is he that Boy? Is he the Oh, Ocho we both do the same thing. I don't know. Is he like that?


I'm asking you. I don't know What you don mean. You don't know. Wait, do You know? Yes, I know. So is he he good like that? He like, he's, he like, he's the next couple Weeks, I guess he said a, I guess he said, he said, he said Lazar isn't like that. Is he Sartan? Is he Ramsey? Is he stingy? No. Right. That's what that's what I'm asking you. I mean, he, I'm okay. That's, that's all I wanted to know. I just wanna know. Hold. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You just said all year long. You say you like, when players speak up, tell her how it is. Oh, IIII like that. I that. So like, Does it matter if he's like that or not? No. Because do that to the opponent, not that somebody comes No, You said that you want players to tell the truth even with their own team. Right?


That's what you said on numerous occasions. Oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. I I like that. But I'm just listen, like, talking like that. You gotta be that boy. Why he telling the truth? No, you still gotta be that boy So enough, so enough. You're not the boy. You can't tell the truth. So you can't be saying somebody else suck and then you ain't good at your job either. That don't make no motherfuckers just Because, just because I'm not good at my job. That don't mean he good at his two things can be true. I can suck at my job. He suck at his Two. Be true. This is not a mu a mutual exclusive endeavor here.


Listen. Hey listen, listen, I'm an avid, I'm an avid, I'm avid football fan. I'm a I'm a I'm an enthusiast. I'm very passionate about this. So obviously I'm asking, You know, how much I love the DB position people in the chat, You know how much I love the DB position and I study the players that are at the position. Most of the time it's most of the big names. So the fact that I'm asking is he even like that I need, I need to see him on film. Young Bull, Deshaun Elliot, I'm, I'm watching you this year. I love you. I respect you. But you talk about my receivers, you talk about a friend of mine. So now, now I got my eyes on you. So now throughout the season, obviously when the Steelers play, you gotta play the Bengals. So I wanna see what you do against Chase.


Huh? I wanna see what you Do again. But Lazar ain't Chase. I'm sure. I don't think he would've said that If they had, if they was involved in trade rumor with Chase it, it don't matter. But, but you calling somebody on cheeks, so that means you gotta be that boy. So now I'm expecting I was a trash talker. I was a trash. That's what I did. I did that 13 years straight, You know, and I talked for a reason. 'cause I could walk everything I back. So if you're calling one person trash, then you gotta be that boy. Everybody, Everybody, everybody that talk trash ain't like that. You think everybody, so everybody that talk trash, Jordan and Kobe? No, but Oh, oh, oh. Only people that talk, Hey, think about this. The people that actually have the personality and, and the balls and the goals to actually talk trash are actually that boy. I mean, it helps.


Hey, I'm excited. I, I I listen, I'm excited. I I like stuff like that. Yeah. Now I did they did Lazar respond back? I don't know. Did you, did Lazar respond back and I I I well he, he hadn't responded back at the time that we, we came on the air. Right, right. I think the thing is OCHO now with social media. Yeah. And, and, and, and Caron and you were talking about this in basketball, what players think of other players in their own locker room is differently than what we as the outside thinks of certain Players think the outside. Yeah, you, you're right. You're right. So Maybe the show may maybe, You know, May maybe they played into the thought before. We thought like this Ocho but we didn't have a platform to go say Yeah, he, he's some cheeks.


He booty. Yeah. We didn't have no platform, but somebody was talking about a trade or somebody was saying something. We couldn't go comment under it. I like this. We Read about it in the newspaper or we saw, we saw it, but there's no way for us to comment on it. Right, Right. Oh, we might say, oh joke, he, we might say, oh he sucked amongst us in the locker room. Right. But then nobody that wasn't in the locker room would hear it. Right Now it's there for everybody to see it. They got a blue check mark. So it's him. I, I like Hat. But now he, well he wasn't hack. But this is what it does though Uncle. When you, when you put it out there like this in on social media, now you're gonna have everybody watching you. Yeah. Not only that. So if something, if something goes wrong on your end during the season, what's the first thing they gonna bring up?


He cheeks. B bingo. So now Yeah, For sure. You getting beat or you or you getting or you getting toasted Now you got, now you got the eye in the sky on you. Yeah. So you gotta be careful. That's why I said wait a minute, did he really tweet it out like that? Like publicly. Like in order to do that you got to be that boy and there's a certain level of confidence you got to carry when you talk trash like that. Yeah. On social media. That's why I was asking. Now I know who Joy Porter Jr is. Right. You, you, You know. So You know the Deshaun Elliot boy, you, you on my radar boy there you one one you, you talk 'cause you gotta walk it baby. And that's the thing is is that he might have been talking about Alan Lazar, but all people gonna see is that that receiver beat you so it doesn't matter who you talk about.


Oh Yeah. Even though that the receiver that beat your head had nothing to do with it. You didn't say nothing about him. You was talking about him, but hey, that's on him now. It's out there now. Ocho. He said it. Yeah. Veteran running veteran Raiders players came over to then young running back Josh Jacobs after he was angry about a loss and told him get used to losing Ocho. Are you surprised that Raiders had such a losers mentality? The who? The Raiders? Yes. I mean, listen, it's been that way. It is been that, I mean the culture in general in general has been that way for a very long time. So some of the players that have been there through that, I mean listen, you just, you just told me, I talked about telling the truth, right?


Yes. Well there you go. You got the truth. You, you, you got the truth. In order for the Raiders to turn things around, they, they, they're only, they're only one position away. They're, they've only been one position away. And that's every other team in the NFL in order to, to move forward and get yourself in contention and winning. Especially in that division at the end that they gotta deal with with Mahomes. Bo Nicks Mahomes, his, The other team. Justin Herbert. Justin Herbert. Now you got, you got Gino Smith over there now, just Gino Smith is well and more than capable of doing what he needs to do offensively. They drafted an Ashton Genty in the first round. Yeah, you got Ashton, you got Brock Browers crazy, crazy work.


He nice. Now I'm not sure what they have on, I'm not sure what they have on the outside over there, out there in Las Vegas. But they need to give Gino something nice to play with. They need to give him something nice to play with. Yeah. I the look, I've been very fortunate to play on teams and You know, we didn't think like that. I'm glad Right. It started from top down. Mr. Bowling made sure he gave us the best coaches, he gave us the best staff, we had the best training facility that we could have. Obviously Ocho things have evolved so much since you and I last played. These guys get every meal cooked. They get breakfast cooked, whatever you want. You want eggs Benedict, you want french toast, you want pancakes, you want waffles, you want scrambled eggs, post eggs, sunny side up whatever, over easy.


It doesn't matter. They got it right. You want a Turkey bacon, you want chicken, sausage, ocho fruit? I I mean cream of wheat, oatmeal, you name it. Yeah, they have it. Guess what? They break it all down then they got lunch. You pescatarian, they got salmon. They got trout. What I mean they got it all. Yeah. Hey, I was talking to burn the, I said man, they would've never got me home. They would've never got rid of me. They had all that, all these cold tubs. They got five, six dipped cold tubs. They got, they got red saunas, man, they got and Ocho they got everything.


Hey, the the Bengals facility, the, the, the new the new Bengal facility and what they did to the weight room. Yeah. And the, the the equipment room and the, the cold tub, the hot tub, the, the, the the red the red room you talk about. Yeah. They got some unbelievable stuff, man. I'm talking about Yes. Unbelievable stuff. And Broncos just, they just had that stuff just got built. They're building a new one 40, $50 million facility. Ooh. I'm talking about everything on site. They prefer every, like I said, the food aid, the ravens the same way. Shannon, you want something? A what? What do you want? We, Hey, if you don't see it up here, we go back there, we'll get it out for you. That's crazy man. Ain't no reason.


These guys should not be performing at their maximum level. Yeah. Given, given Ocho what they have at their disposal, rose. But, but also speaking of them performing at that maximum level, you gotta remember they don't practice the way we did either. True. They don't practice the way they did either. So more of 'em are falling, more of them are getting hurt at a much higher rate than what we did. 'cause they only going out to goddamn practice before five goddamn minutes. Yeah. And then they go into the game on Sunday and they a hundred miles an hour and you wonder why your body breaking Down and you running into somebody and you snap like a, There, there you go. Speaking of losing cultures, former Jets, bless Austin talked about playing in a losing culture with the New York Jets.


I'm like y'all now that y'all not even cultivating an environment that has us excited to walk in. The Jess ownership was ranked last by NFL players. Well if the Jets ownership was ranked last where the Giants ownership ranked Tell, don't tell you. Hey, all teams now I I I'll say it again. You live and die by your quarterback situation. That's it. And that's what it is. He Gives you a chance. He gives you hope. He, that's, that's what It is. He gives you a reason to believe A smaller, two small examples I can think of. Jay Daniels, commanders, CJ Shroud Texans.


Look at the seasons each of those teams had before those two individuals got there. And they are hard to come by. They are, They're very, very hard to come by. You gotta Get that Guy. Life changing decade f changing. Franchise players are hard to come by. Asset giants were middle of the pack as far as player. Oh, for Real. Okay. Okay. Okay. Ownership. Okay. Talking about winning coach, former Seahawk head coach Pete Carroll used to purposefully put the Ram team hotel up in hotels with furry conventions like dogs. What's the furry convention? Yeah.


Is it furry or furby? Furry? Yeah. I I remember, oh, I guess he said this, Asher said people dressed up like animals. I thought he was talking about like they had like dogs or something furry. Yeah, but she said like people were dressed up as in animal costumes. Wait, they, they would stay at that hotel on purpose. How you put 'em there we're available. Oh, okay. I know we stayed. Oh my goodness. Ocho check this out. Ah, We don't have a video. Damn. But there was a lady pulled over, she was swerving. Come to find out she was, had a suspended license tag was suspended when they arrived to the window, there was a raccoon had a meth pipe in his mouth.


He said it ain't mine, it's hers. She just passed it off to me. Wait, it's a lady. She was swerving her license suspended And, and she has suspended tags. So the police pulled her over when they get to the car, there's a raccoon. She had the paperwork, all the documentation because you have to have documentation for wild animal like that. He was on the passenger seat and he had a meth pipe in his mouth. They got to be somewhere in the country boy. And it ain't, it ain't none of us either. Ohio. Ohio. If they lived down the street from Jordan now, Hey, hey. Long, as long as it wasn't Cincinnati and I could, I could imagine, I could imagine I could just picture that right now too.


I I could just picture red Who Said it wasn't his? Hey, that's funny. I Take his, I take it back. His word. Hey, did she go to jail? Yeah, she got suspended license and I guess that to call somebody to come get the raccoon. Yeah, that's a good One. Yeah. 'cause you can't, I mean, certain states will allow you to have 'em, but you have to have the proper paperwork. Yeah, you got you. You can, you can domesticate 'em. But you do, you right, you do gotta have the paperwork. It Hey, we got the video. We got the video. Let's leave the video. Lemme see it. Lemme see it. Oh hey, come here. Hello. The Racoon has a her meth pipe.


God has what? Oh my god. Her meth pipe. He's playing with the meth part right now. No, don't reach for it. She, that's evidence now. I don't want him to have that. Well I'm, that's why I'm gonna do it. Hey buddy. Huh? It's Okay. Okay, your honor. He'll be in two minutes. I'm right across my heart. Oh, She's older. That what daddy? Yeah, this is what? She's smoking meth then. Okay. The Fraco play with her meth pipe. Alright. Fraco say Whoa, whoa, whoa Bro. Whatcha doing? You sure it's not a cops episode? Hey, that seen like a cops episode.


I mean he laughing talking about the meth pipe, the raccoon. He not taking his job Too serious. No, that's a good One. I mean at that point in time, I mean it ain't nothing. And I guess they ended up finding, they finding some, I I think it's been reported that they found other contraband in the car also. Okay. Yeah. She's, she a little older too, but she on the back end so she, You know, she having a good time. Ocho we have some crazy sound from after the game from Draymond. Take a listen to what Draymond had to say after the game Ocho Oh look like The angry black man. I'm not an angry black man. I'm a very successful, educated black man with a great family.


And I'm great at basketball. I'm great at what I do to the agenda to try to keep making me look like an angry black man is crazy. I'm sick of it. It's ridiculous. I mean, I mean we, we we, we can only base it off, off his actions on the court. And that, that's, that's that's, that's pretty much it. I love, I love Mond, You know, good, good friend of mine. And, but no, he's not an angry black man. No. I mean he can be a little passionate, I don't know for, for the lack of better word. Very, very passionate about, about the game of basketball when he does play.


He got kind of, You know, hurt some people sometimes, You know, elbows, knees and kicks or, or whatnot. But it's, You know, he's in foster. I don't, I don't, I don't look at him as that. I mean, sometimes do I think his play go over over the line? Yes. But I don't think he's angry. I dont Yeah, there's a difference in is is a difference in angry and being passionate about something. Yeah. And I think those on the outside looking in, they can't tell the difference between the two. Well it's, And they, they, they obviously, they don't want to if they think he's angry because anytime We're angry they're we're angry. They're Passionate. They're passionate. Yeah. Oh, that's, that's, that's, yeah, that's a whole nother story.


That was, we get a photo, this haircut ojo. Is it worth paying $300 for this haircut? Hey, before you even show it, before you even show the clip, ain't no haircut worth $300, period. I don't care what services they offering. He paid $300 for this haircut. Was it worth it?


I know you, Damn. How long was he there?


Oh, you ain't got that kind of time mojo. And not only that kind of time. What about everybody else in line waiting to get a goddamn haircut? Can you imagine somebody in the hood doing this? If you don't get your ass out the motherfucking seat, man. Shit. What, what are we talking about? This is about an hour, man. Finish it off with a little coffee, food that's fresh. It was knocked out. I ain't gonna lie. It's your fault my brother. I appreciate Joe. That worth 300. I don't care if it, I don't care if it's $300. Get your ass out the chair.


I got somewhere to go. If you wanna go, if you covered up with that 300 you got, you can wait for it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. If you, if you wanna go to the spa, take your ass to the goddamn spa where they can give your facial and take the pores in the, in the, in the blackhead out your goddamn face. You go to the barbershop. I want a haircut. Gimme a tape. Do my beard. You get up outta there. That's 20, 30 minutes at best, man. That, that footage was broken down. He was in there about the hour and 45 minutes. Two hours. Ain't nobody got time for that man. Keep it simple. Gimme a haircut. Ocho viral videos of the 37 U League are servicing all round online.


Check out this big hit. Damn. Hey, that was clean too. No head right here. Right between the right Shoulder half. Huh? Them that's them the ones that hurt. 'cause they knocked the air all the way out. You All out? Yeah. Oh yeah. That was, that was nice. And that's just reminder, that's just a reminder that football season is almost back baby. Nah, it remind me. It's almost back. I'm glad I'm over here talking about football instead of playing it. Them leagues hurt. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. It, it hurt. Listen, I could, right now I can go.


I can go another season. The Bangals called right now. I can come off the bench. Fifth receiver. Hey.


So we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool ru sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful Thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in a Nevada bacteria catching whatever COO of the day is breeding in there. A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever Ball Pitis you've contracted. Amazon won. Medical healthcare just got less painful.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need 'em and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squat. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around for. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


A Kentucky mom is speaking out after her 8-year-old son unknowingly ordered 30 boxes of Dum Lollipops on Amazon. Racking up a $4,200 charge. Whoa. She discovered her son Liam had placed an order on Amazon over 70,000 Ddus. After discovering the order LA Favor said she immediately called Amazon. She was instructed to re reject delivery. To initiate refund. The family stayed home to intercept the package. But despite traffic tracking the delivery in on the app, the first 22 boxes showed up without notice. Liam went outside to ride the scooter and started screaming. My suckers are here. She said there were 22 boxes of suckers on the front porch.


Hey, How Liam know how to order something and I don't. Hey, there's one thing about it though. You can tell, you can tell. You can tell the ethnicity of a group like this when kids order that kind of stuff. Because if it was me and I order something off my grandma or my mama, my mama card without them knowing $4,200. First of all man, ain't nobody had no credit card. I ain't have no credit. I ain't have no credit card until I was a senior in college. So I damn sure he ain't gonna have no, ain't nobody had no credit. I ain't even know no credit card was Hold on this, You know how young he gotta be to be. He's excited about ordering suckers. He's Old. He's A kid. So that mean he went in his mama purse. He ain't got no credit card for himself.


He done went and got a card and order stuff online. Man, You know where I would be at man. CPS Hey Chad. Hey. CPS would've had to come get me man. Yeah. And I, they would've had to come get me. Nah, I ain't gonna call because they gonna kidnap me and beat me again. I ain't calling. I ain't calling. Hey, hey they 70 dumb dumps. Hey 4,200 unc. Can you imagine back then back when we was young? What ordering 40 bro, $4,200 worth of. Do You know how back then look at, see how much $4,200 is in the price of inflation right now. It's gotta be like 20,000.


Man, listen. Told you Just go hell up eight years old. So that'd been 68, 76. It's gotta be, it's gotta be 15, 20,000. Listen, I don't, it don't matter what it is. We ain't have it. I know that. We didn't have it. We didn't have it. So I'm calling Child Protective Child Child Services S on yourself, huh? Yeah, yeah, on myself. Hey, do me a favor, please come get me for my my mama. My grandma. Get home please. I don't want, no, I don't want no Problem. We see it. Yeah. I 19 76, 40 $200, $34,000 now.


Woo-hoo boy. IA died. Woo. Ain't no way. And here's my boy. That's a house. You know how make 34,000, you could have bought a house for $34,000 back then back. Back then. Absolutely A nice house too. At That I car was like 3000, 2,500, $3,000. Oh no, I didn't play around that man. You look my grandma. Hey boy, go bring me my purse and don't go in it. Hey ain't no, ain't no a, she ain't say, Hey go get this. Bring me my purse. Oh yeah Because You know, might had to stick me a couple quarters up outta there because You know, back then people kept change in a handkerchief.


Oh yeah. It wasn't no loose change in the bottom of my grandma purse. That side, they kept change in a handkerchief. Yeah. So My grandma had little change. My little the little change. The little change change First you remember the little change first. You know the thing you squeeze and you put your change in the side. The the little queezy thing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was rubber. Yeah it was like rubber. Yeah, I know you talking about. Yep. You used and I used to give my at school. Here you go. I hope you put some money in it. 'cause I ain't got no money to put in it. I just having in my pocket. I ain't got no money. Yeah. Manny Pacquiao making his return to fight Mario Barrios for the WBC Welterweight Championship boots. Ennis is looking to become undisputed at welterweight.


Are you excited for the potential Pacquiao wins or does he have the potential to be a disaster like Logan Paul, Mike Tyson. I mean it won't be a disaster. Pac can still fight. He's a eight time, He retired four year eight Division Champ. Yeah. 8 8 8 time Division Champ. But Mar Mario Barrios still very active and, and a a very, very good fighter to this day. I think he probably will win this fight. Being that Pacquiao's a little old. He can't move the way he used to move. I'm, I'm excited for him. As far as Boots, INNI, I heard TFO Mo Lopez called boots in his out. He did. I saw that. I think that would be, that would be a phenomenal fight. And Boots needs to, to do what he need to do.


And he gonna make it do what he needs to do. You talk about two, two really, really good fighters. Both very, what's the word looking about stylistically? It's gonna be a very good fight. Yeah. Very good fight. Teo moves well. Boost moves. Well You know, Teo can fight from rain. Boost can fight from rain. Teo can fight in the pocket. Boost can fight in the pocket. You know. Hey, that'd, that'd be a good one. That'd Be a good one. Well I just wanna see the fight. Like Bob Aren said these guys are destroying boxers because they don't nobody wanna fight. Nobody. Yeah. They trying to protect that record. Huh? They trying to protect that, that Everybody trying to protect that o Yeah. Trying to protect that oath. Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It is time for q and a Dab Smith said if I'm keeping it a buck pick is not even good to be dealing with his antics.


He's not even top 10 at his position. He's barely top 15. Absolutely. You think he top 10? Yeah, I know what he can do. I ain't worried you say top 10. I'm not, I'm I'm not talking about no numbers. I know what he can do. I seen him, I seen him take s slants and hitches to the house. Everybody ain't doing that. Not at that level. Absolutely not. You see him walk off the ball, you see him stop running on routes. You see him not, not, not jump on fumble. No, we, we we done discuss that already. I'm just Asking you, you say I I'm just making sure you got two I 'cause sometimes you just see only one thing. I I just trying to make sure you ain't crossey because sometimes I Think you wanna see one thing. Yeah, we, we we on the same page. I understand but I that look he's in a situation.


Let's see. Hey Ocho wipe the slate clean. Yeah, he got a clean slate. Oh yeah. He in Dallas now. Let's see what he does in Dallas. Hey, everybody deserves, everybody deserves a second chance. Wipe the slate clean. What he, what he did in Pittsburgh? He happened in Pittsburgh. He left it there. Okay. Yep. Dallas, you got a clean slate. Isaiah Lancaster. What's good UNC and ocho. Unc Well what would Antman rank NBA players if he wins a championship? Well, I mean you gonna put him in front of kd. Oh look. Okay. You gonna put 'em in front of Giannis, YOIC, Steph, kd, LeBron, those are five guys that have championship.


Are you putting them in front of any of those guys? Jason Tatum. So you tell me where you tell me where you should go. That's a great question. LeBron got four MVPs, four finals MVPs, KD got an MVP and two finals. MVP Steph has two MVPs of finals. MVP ish has three MVPs and a finals. MVP. Who else do we, who else do we say Jason Tatum has a championship? No finals. MVP three time First team about to be four time. First team, all NBA selection. I hope he's talking about current players 'cause he is not even top 20.


Even if he wins a championship, if we talking about all players in the history of the game. Mocho, right. You agree with that? Yeah. It's so early though. Huh? It's so early. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, he's saying he, he's asking like where would you rank a man if among NBA players? So I'm thinking he's talking about current players, right? Right now? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. LeBron, yo, Giannis, kd, Steph, that's five. I don't Think you can put him in in front of any of them.


So he, he SGA, Luca, Tatum, I don't know. You put him in the top 10 Ocho. Yeah. He in that next five now. Absolutely. Okay. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Hey fam, UNC, this might be a great debate. Larry Bird was your guy back in the day. Now you ride with LeBron. But if you had to build your team around Prime for Prime, who you taking Let go. James, take LeBron. LeBron was a better defender Larry average 24 10 and sit 2014 and six for a career.


LeBron is 27. Seven and seven for a career. Larry won three MVPs consecutive 84, 85, 86. He's a two times finals. MVP. LeBron won four MVPs in a five year span. He's a four-time finals. MVP with three different teams. I would take LeBron. I think LeBron is the greatest small forward to ever play the game. Now, if you want to say, I think the debate is for second is that KD is a Larry Bird. I'll let you guys debate that, but I think for small forwards LeBron is the greatest. Aren Owens. What's up? Unc Ocho. Do you think Eric Bmy and Sam Cassel will ever get shots at being a head coach? I think Sam's gotta be on the short list.


I, I definitely think Sam Cassel should be on the short list. I mean, he's been a, he's been a, an assistant for two decades. It's time for him to step out the shadows now and somebody to give him an opportunity. 'cause that's what it takes. Somebody's gonna have to give you an opportunity. You opportunity. Yeah. I think EBS gonna have to build himself back up. Yeah, most definitely. He took a hit. He took a hit going to Washington. Yeah. Being an offensive coordinator, they were bad. He took an even bigger hit. He went to UCLA, they were bad. They ended up getting fired, so he's gonna have to build himself back up again. Lanny Ray. Hey Laney, how you doing? It's been a long time. No, see. Hey guys, which team has surprised you the most in the NBA playoffs so far? And based on what you've seen, who do you think is winning at all?


Well, and based on what I've seen so far, huh? I mean, really nothing has been surprising. 'cause the team that, the NB in the NBA playoffs or the teams that were playing well during the regular season two, Yeah, it's kind of hard, like the, like, I wanna say the Pacers, but with, with, with Janni, with with Dame going down. Right. I don't think anybody's surprised that they, they they beat. Yeah. Who they beat. Yeah. I don't really think there's any surprises right now. Who's winning at all? Who? You got Knicks. You got the Knicks? Nah, hell, hell nah. You still on Boston? Real realistically? Yeah. They'll still want who?


I So you still on Boston? Nah, nah. I ain't, I ain't never, listen, I'm, I'm a heat fan, so I really don't have a horse in the race. But if I was to choose a team to actually win it all, I would love to see the wolves win it. Now, is it possible? Probably not. No. You know, I think May, maybe OKC might be the one to hoist that trophy this year. Yeah. But I would love to see Anne do it. I mean, like I said, my team out, so I don't really care. But who I like, like the nuggets played Endeavor. I love Yolk. I don't want Boston to get another one. I don't want them to get too ahead of the Lakers, so they need to hold up.


But then I don't wanna hear Stephen A. Smith, but I talk to Stephen a talking about the Knicks, so I need somebody to clip. But I do like Jalen Brunson, having met him, met his dad, met worldwide. I kind of like the Knicks. They growing on me. Yeah. They're growing on me. And having sit down and had a conversation with Kat, understand what he, what he went through with his mom. I'd like to see the Knicks do something. I think, I think I honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if it's the Knicks and the Pacers in the Eastern Conference finals, but I don't think either one of those team could be OKC. That's just me personally.


So yeah. Jonathan Santiago, shout out to Ron. He's the reason I went to MCI in high school. Real one. Hope to meet you someday. Thank you for tuning in. Jonathan. Triple X Cup sanity. You should have a new segment called Caping with ocho. You know what? That's a good idea. I think we gonna do that. Wait, Kain. What Caping mean? Yeah, he talking about Lion. Yeah. Big old blue cap. Wait, now everything, everything I talk about is, is, is life experience. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not sure what he's talking about. Yeah, That's, they been coming in a in a couple of days. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame, Miami Native.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Want a special thank you Koran Butler for joining us tonight? Talking about the game tonight and all things NBA. We greatly appreciate it. Feel free, brother, to start by anytime you like, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you Ocho and I thank you from the bottom of our heart for the support and the continued support that you've so shown us for almost two years. We could not have done it without you. Make sure you check out Shea by La Poitier. We do have it in stock. It's a premium VSOP cognac, the best tasting VSOP cognac on the market.


Now, if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go check out my media company page on all of his platform, she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Not safe for work tour tickets are on sale. Eight, stop starting off in Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago, Detroit. You close it out. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour.


Go get your tickets now. Come on, check out your boy Up and OCHO Wolves. Even the series with the Warriors, thanks to 24.7 rebounds. 11 assists from Julius Randall. Aman chipped in with 20. Alexander Walker came off the bench. He gave you 20 nas. Reed knocked down three threes. He had 11 as they roll, 1 17, 9, 3 over the Warriors tie the series up, but now the next two games are in Golden State. Let's see if we come back. If it's two, two, if it's 3 1, 1 way or another, somebody is looking to get a decided advantage. I'm Unc, he's Ocho Kumar, right, we're off tomorrow.


We will see you Saturday. Thanks for joining us guys. Appreciate you tonight. The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree, listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate so you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all in one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit, QuickBooks, your way to Money, money Movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. License as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


It is Ryan here, and I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper, a woo-hoo, a hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. No Purchase necessary. V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions applied.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.