
This is an iHeart Podcast,


Career Changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


It Is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


the NBC Nightly News. Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see a back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report, The volume.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bingle Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ocho Cinco Johnson. And we have a very special guest tonight. He's a three time pro bowler. He's an all pro and he once made the Pro Bowl as a returner and a wide receiver areas. Ladies and gentlemen, the head coach of Delaware State, Mr. Desean, Jackson d Jack. What's, thanks for joining us, bro. Hey, I was gonna say we'll get to you in just a second. Yes, sir. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


We want to thank each and every one of you for supporting us, good, bad, or indifferent, highs and lows. You've been riding with Ocho and I from the very, very beginning, and we can't thank you enough. Everything that you've been, you've seen enough, been able to accomplish all the awards behind us. The NAACP Image Awards, the BET awards, all the awards, it's all because of you. It's because of your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth. Ocho and I and the Nightcap family cannot thank you enough. Please make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock. Now, if you can't find it, any city or state near you ordered online, but we are coming to a city or a state near you. But in the meantime, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door.


It's the best tasting BSOP cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it, try it. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. Go follow our media company page on all of its platform, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. D Jack, let's get right into it, bro. Head coach Delaware State, bro. If somebody says okay, give, I'm gonna give you a list of players, former NFL players that were, that were all decade players, that were Pro Bowl players, all pro players. I'm gonna give you a list of 10 guys.


Name the guy that you think was most likely to become a head coach on any level. Dj. I can honestly say I I wouldn't have, I I wouldn't have put you at the top of the list dj. Damn. What made you decide to become a head coach? I was gonna say, damn, you wasn't, you wouldn't have put me up there, man. Damn Dog. Not, no, no, no, no. Not at, not at the top of the list. Hey. Nah. I mean, I mean, honestly for me, You know, the opportunity presented itself. Obviously. You know, I retired in 2022. I, I played in Baltimore and after that year was over, I retired and I walked away feeling like I left everything out there on in between them white lines. So for me, I sat around for a whole year, didn't contemplate on nothing. I was like, You know what? I deserve after all the few of these labors, all the hard work I put into it, I deserve to sit around for a whole year and not do nothing.


I woke up at two o'clock if I wanted to, took the kids to school. I partied, I hung out. I did just regular things that I wanted to do after all these hard years of working out. So after that year, my mom was like, You know, I gotta get my butt off this couch and go get, go get some income. You know, me and Lasha McCoy, we had our podcast trying to figure out if I was gonna do the, the, the media side of it or, You know, and for me it was just like, I really didn't know which way to go. And I started coaching. I went out, my older brother was a high school football coach, and I went out there and I coached with him, man. And I fell in love with coaching man. So, okay. The Delaware State thing just kind of honestly fell in my lap after my first year coaching last year, the end of the year. It kind of just fell on my lap big bro. Wow. And has, has it been a, has it been a difference?


I know being able to coach at a high school level with your brother, has it been a difference in transition? Has it been difficult, You know, coaching at the, at the collegiate level now? Yeah. Or have you been able to adjust to it? Somewhat? Yeah. No, I mean, great question. I feel like for sure it's, it's definitely been an adjustment. It's, it's, it's a lot of things. It's different. It's a lot of things that I was blind, I was blinded. Like I didn't know I was in the dark, You know, as a, as far as me, honestly, me, I never, like, I played all these years, You know, and I played obviously in college. I was never one of 'em dudes that was like, when I get done, I'm gonna go coach. So, so, so Unc you kind of are right. But at every day, like now I'm in this position, I remember when I was in high, I mean college in the pros, I said I would never coach, honestly.


'cause I knew how much time my, my, my college coaches and my NFL coaches put into it. So for me, I think the biggest thing is the off the field stuff. The x's and no's to me is easy. 'cause You know, I was, I was a, a student of the game and I always, when it came down to football, I'm, I'm very football smart. I just think from like the compliance, the admissions, like getting kids into school, You know, in the NFL, you ain't gotta worry about school. We going out there and playing. We ain't gotta worry about if the dudes got a 3.0 or higher, they go on study hours, like, or they doing what they supposed to do. 'cause, You know, so I was far removed from that side of it. So now being in this position, it's like I gotta be a father to 90 cats, Black dj. When you look at it, You know, talking to Coach Prime and talking to a lot of people that were great at a, at a, at a particular craft, be it a basketball coach or, or be a basketball player, football player, baseball.


For me, I think the hardest thing to do is because you put work into it, but it seemed like football came easy to you. You would bless God, bless you, would God get with speed out of the yin yang. You were very, very elusive. Yeah. And the thing, when I talked to Coach Prime, he's like, because I don't look at them kids and I expect them to be me. What has been the hardest thing as far as like, because you were a great player, you went to pro you an all pro and all decade player, right? What's been the hardest thing to like, to coach a player and not say, well son, you should have picked that up. That's easy. Yeah. How do you, how do you separate that to like, make sure you un they, you understand? Yeah. That they're not Desean Jackson. Yeah. They're who they are and you are who you are. Yeah. Honestly, the, the heart, the hardest challenge has been, You know, over my career, the accolades, the stats, the pro bowls, the all pro, everything I accomplished for me, it did come easy to me.


So running fast, catching the football, when the ball's in my hand doing the things that, You know, the characteristics that I did, it came easy to me. So it's unfortunate to say after I look back on my career, if I would've put in an extra pushup, if I didn't cut a rep short, if I would've put more time into my craft, just imagine how much more I would've like, or how better I would've been at my craft. So for me, being in this position now, the things I may not have done or the things I may have took the shortcut out. I'm not allowing my players to miss that because I know the success I had. And I'm like, man, if I would've did the extra and like, and not just thought it came so easy to me, like if I would've put the work in, just imagine where I would've been sitting at.


So for me, I think the toughest thing is, has, has been for me is like, damn, I, I, I played at this high level. I, I took, I cut corners. I didn't, I didn't always give my all 'cause it came easy. But for me now I'm like, look, don't go do what I did in that. What else is crazy is I see my players doing things I once did and I'm trying to coach them like, Hey, don't do that, but I'm here. It go me 10, 20 years ago, I was the the one doing did that whole damn stuff they doing. Yeah. Hey, the funny thing about it, when I think about it, You know, being a com a competitor. Yeah. Jack, you a competitor and you not too far removed from the game of football. You just retired in 2022. Yes sir. You are still able to, to put cleats on, lace 'em up and get out there and play.


How are you able to control yourself? 'cause I ain't played in a minute. Yeah. And put me in a structured environment like that. My crazy ass gonna have on a pair of cleats trying to demonstrate and teach and actually be in the way as opposed to being a, being a teacher and being a coach like you are. Do you ever get antsy and wanna put your cleats on sometimes and show players what it should look like? Yeah, for sure. A hundred percent. Yeah. A hundred percent. So I like, honestly, man, I'm 38 years old. Some of these guys obviously 20, anywhere from 19 to, to 24, 25 years old. So in this role right now, man, like I still train, I still work out. I still run. Like I'm, I'm telling my players like there ain't too many head coaches who's gonna strap it up with you around 150 with you.


Like we on the track. Like, You know, because me, the reason why I was able to play so long, 'cause I, we always utilized the track in the off season. So my players, we just was out in the field today. We had two, three hundreds. We had one 200 and we had 3 1 50. And I'm out there running with 'em. I may, I may not be in the front with 'em, but I'm, I'm a so, so for me that's been the challenge, man. Because You know, when I go out there, we do the cone drills, we went through it and I gotta show these dudes. 'cause some of these dudes taking five, six steps to get out, they breaks. And I'm like, dog, you never, mm, 5, 5, 6, bro. They take it bro. Some of these dudes is, You know what I'm saying? It is crazy because the other thing when I got here, some of these dudes, and no disrespect to the coaches before, but I'm like, bro, how did some of y'all give scholarships to a division one school, bro?


Who, who gave y'all scholarships? So like, for me, it's just like, I'm trying to, I'm trying to put my eye on it. And I know for us to win right now, this not a rebuilding process. We gotta win right now. And I know what it takes. So some of these guys, they just don't fit the criteria. So sometimes I do gotta get out there O2 and put them feets on and let 'em go. Yeah. I can still run a bench route. I can still run a curl. I can still take the top off. I I we still do this big dog. Yeah. I like it. I like It dj. Look you love Philly. I don't, me personally, and, and, and, and I'm, I'm considerably older than you. I'm almost 20 years older than you, but I followed your career and I know you love Philly. Philly loved you because Philly love guys that, that love what they do and you love what you did.


You get in the crowd up, you like, Hey, get it up. Yeah, get it up. Hey, I'm about to bring this thing back. You get a touchdown, you run back with into the end zone. I don't Think you ever wanted to leave Philly. You had a very public falling out with Chip Kelly. Yep. What was that like knowing that, You know what, I never wanted to leave Philly, but I'm gonna have to leave Philly. Man. I mean man, I I I go back man in, in 2013, man. That for me, that, that was one of the toughest things I've had to face in my life. I, when you talk about adversity, when you talk about trials and tribulations, I mean everything Philly meant to me, obviously my family is from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, so I grew up a Pittsburgh Steeler fan. So when I got a chance to get drafted by the Eagles, You know, I had some Phil, I had some fa a family that actually lived in Philadelphia.


'cause it's, it's down the street from Pittsburgh. Absolutely. So, so for me, man, it was, it was a bittersweet thing. And like now looking back, Harold Car Carmichael is the all time Philadelphia leader and, and yards all, all time. And he had like 6,800, I'm at 6,300 as far as Phil in Philadelphia years. And I, I played five years and I came back and played two years. So, or no, I think it was six in there, eight. So a total of eight years. But in my whole career, 15 years I got 11,000 plus yards. So if I would've stayed there my whole career, I'm shattering Har Harold Carmichael record of no disrespect. 'cause I think Harold Carmichael is, You know, one of the best receivers that played for the Eagles. But I look back, You know, Devonte Smith, you got AJ Brown, you got all these dudes that, You know, they're accolades, they, they comment up them charts and it's like, man, if I would've stayed there, man, them charge would've been hard for anybody to chat.


You know what I'm yeahm saying to be real. And You know, them dudes are bullish. You know what I'm saying? Devonte, I think he's, You know, him and AJ together. I mean obviously, You know, when me and Macklan was there, Jeremy Macklan was there. We did some great things. I know to was a guy that comes up. But I mean, honestly, man, what I felt like, what I've done in Philadelphia, all the big plays, me and Michael Vick, I can't even go back to Donovan n Nick fo I mean I, I played with so many great quarterbacks, but I think that Phil, that that Philly breakup man for us as, as, as a team, what Chip Kelly did, man, like, he dismantled I think the team that obviously could have been a Super Bowl team. Now we had to, we would've still had to go out there and, and, and You know, earn that and, and do that. But 2017, I think had a lot of credibility to the, to the old times of the Philadelphia.


Like if you go ask Brandon Graham, Kelsey Lane Johnson, like all them dudes would tell you like, You know, me, Michael Vick, shady McCoy, Jerry Mac and Brett Sellek, like all them court guys or guys that when we left, they just kind of took the pedigree and kind of just took it off. Just how when I was drafted, you had me n you had West Brick, you had Brian Dawkins, You know, like that's the court. Philadelphia, we turned into the court trotter, You know, we, we turned into that court. Philadelphia. So 2017, a lot of that we carried over. You know, they took that on and won the Super Bowl. What would, what were the, What was the environment like when, when Kelly was there? Because it seemed like they had a lot of issues. You had the issue with the receiver Yeah.


At the, the concert. I don't know, were you there then? Yeah, Yeah. I was there when Rod Cooper said the comment, Riley Cooper said, what he, he said, Hey Cooper. And I forgot, forgot about That. And Chip had Mike to get up in front of them and, and accept this. Like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah, you don't, don't put that pressure on me. I gotta see some things before I start accepting apology. Sure. Hell, I ain't even heard him say that. He apologized. Yeah, he apologized. Yeah. And you talking about, oh, Mike Vick said, no, Mike ain't accept nothing. Right. What was the type of environment that he fostered when he got there? Yeah, VJA. Oh man. At, at that period of time. Just I, I'll go back before the Rodney Cooper, You know that situation? Yes. But like when, when Chip Kenny first came in, for those who don't know, he literally came in and you got pro bowlers.


When I tell you I was a pro bowler, Vic was a pro bowler, McCoy was a pro bowler. Jeremy McIn was, You know, a thousand yard receiver. I mean, we had got Brett si I mean we had guys, and I ain't even talking on the defensive side. We had guys that were ballers when Chip Kelly came in there, he literally had a meeting and he said, there's no starters. So you tell, so you telling me you coming into a team that got them type of names that I just said. And you saying there's no one's a starter. Like we literally was not started, like everybody just was born and we didn't have no first dream, no second. Like it was crazy. So hold on, Jack. What is he trying to prove? He's, he's coming into a team with a bunch of pro bowlers that have been playing for a long time and telling y'all, you gotta have to earn your position.


You feel me, bro. Buddy was, but, but Buddy was he, he lost his like, day one buddy lost everybody power trip. It was a power trip. And like, he came from Oregon where he has success, but I'm gonna be real, like everything he was doing, we was like Guinea pigs. We was like lab rats. Like, he was like, oh, put a heart monitor on that at nighttime. I wanna know how many hours you slept when you come to work. I want you to pee in a cup and I wanna see how hydrated you are. I'm gonna put trackers on you. I need to know how many miles. Like, it was just crazy. And like, I ain't gonna lie, I was one. Me and McCoy, we was there. I mean, Vic was, he, he had to play the role. 'cause You know, he was coming off the situation. But me and Shady McCoy, we was like, Hey bro, we ain't doing that. It's some shit we just not going do.


And so, so so to go back to that situation with, with Rodney Cooper, I mean, I, I could remember that meeting like it was yesterday. He literally, he said the comments and one thing about Rodney Cooper, like Rodney Cooper, he wasn't racist, You know what I'm saying? I just think he got into a situation intoxicated. Somebody said something to him and he just slurred that out. But like Ronnie Cooper was actually a good dude, man. You know what I'm saying? Like, we, I had a great relationship with him. And when it happened, I just knew. I'm like, we're not like that. But it did happen. It did come out. And however it came out, he may felt the way he felt. So for us before we accepted any apologies, we like, we gotta really see that this shit is sincere. So I think, You know, he tried to force that on us.


He tried, they tried to patch it up. They tried to do a team meeting and cover it up, but it was like when we got in trouble, you ain't patching nothing up for us. So why you, why you gonna go patch it up for him? So it just, it, the team did that shit. It didn't sound right for the team. Hey, when you, when you think about co coaching, coaching, college, coaching, football in general, as a coach, is this something that you view as something you wanna do long term? Do you, you do you envisioning do envision doing it 20 plus years and maybe transitioning from college to the NFL? He said 20 plus. He said 20 plus. I mean, so, so hey, hey dj, let me get through the first year and I get back at you. You feel me? Man, I, I ain't gonna lie, but I ain't got a few grades, bro.


I've been already stressed out. Boy, they got me at the university, man. You know, it's HBCU man. We got a lot of, You know, resources. We, we got a lot of obstacles. Yeah. Underfunded, accomplished right here. So, long term, man, I, I'm not gonna lie to you, I, I, I definitely love to see that I'm in right now, man. To be able to have the success I had on the field and now to be able to be a head coach where I control everything from top to bottom, You know what I'm saying? Like, I ain't even no power trip type of dude, but just to have this control and to be able to say like, that's a resemblance of me. I mean, it's a great feeling, man. Every day I wake up, I'm rejuvenated. I I'm excited to go in there 'cause I'm gonna be real with you uncontrolled. Like, I didn't think it was gonna be this.


I didn't think I was gonna have this much fun doing it, bro. 'cause I thought about the hours. Wow. And when I get, when I get in there, I get in there about seven, eight in the morning and by the time I look up, it's like five, six o'clock and then the day's already gone. You look up, you like, where did the time go? So it's really like when you enjoying something and you, and you passionate about it, it don't seem like work, bro. And like, honestly, like the meetings, I'm a head coach. So like I got a offensive coordinator. They, they run the meetings, I got a defensive coordinator, they run the meetings. So I just get to dip and dabble and I don't gotta sit in a full meeting. I don't gotta do through installs. I don't gotta go. Like, I just gotta be a leader of men. And at the end of the day, I'm gonna make sure my coaches, that's why I surrounded myself and that's why I respect crime so much. Because I feel like in this day I'm not taking away from nothing that Coach Prime does as a head coach.


But he's more, to me, he's more of a, a, a, a leader of men. And he, You know, his intelligence is smart, but he put people around him for him to have success. And I just follow the blueprint that Big had well put down


The NBC nightly news. Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broan. We hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles. You need to try oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like oral semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health weight Loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ryan Reynolds here from MIT Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT mobile Unlimited premium wireless. How bid to get? 30. 30 bid to get 30 bid To get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid to get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees extra. See mint mobile.com.


Bobby Bowens here with news on the top shelf country cruises setting self February 27th to March 6th, 2026. It's not just a cruise, it's a country music experience at sea. An amazing lineup of performers. Well we're gonna be there. The Bobby Bowens, I'm gonna be there. Keith Urban, Lee, Bryce, Scotty McCreary, Parma Lee, Leanne Rimes. It doesn't in there. We'll also be stopping in stunning destinations along the way. Go to top shelf country cruise.com to book any available state room. Gotta hurry though. These spots are filling up fast.


Wow. So I I'm thinking about I I know it's gonna happen. I'm telling you. I know it's gonna happen. So you're gonna have success at Delaware State. Sure. You gonna have success in just, in, just, just in us. Everything we touch, turn the goal a hundred percent. Everything touch, we always have success and follow behind us. So when you do get that call from Howie Oh Jeff. And they'd be like, man, listen, we want you to come on down here to Philly and be the receiver's coach. Yeah. And then you go in the receiver's coach to Philly to hopefully maybe one day. Something that doesn't doesn't happen often for sure is here. You have a former, a player that actually gets in the position to be a head coach. Can you imagine you, I'd be crazy being the head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles. That'd be crazy. One day down man.


Who you telling that be? I, I'm man, I'm manifesting it for you. Sure. I mean my, my boy AP man, Antonio Pierce man is somebody that I got a great relationship obviously. I seen his, his, You know, his, his path and where he did, You know, obviously starting at Long Beach probably where I went with my alma mater. Obviously one of the best high schools in all of all of America. We put the most, You know, players in the NFL from my high school jackrabbits, you feel me? Them jackrabbits. You already know about 'em. You feel what I'm saying? So, I mean, I saw ap, I seen him go to Arizona. Obviously he did his thing at Arizona State and then, You know, obviously he was in it for the Raiders and he got the head coaching job. And I still feel like he got up outta their way sooner than he should have. But, You know, we ain't gonna talk about that.


But true. I mean, You know, hey, if it presents itself, man, and that happens man, God, You know, all, all glory, all power to God. But You know, for me, I'm gonna take it one step at a time. Like, like you said, I'm for sure gonna have a success here. 'cause I just like, like you say, everything we touch is gold. You know what I'm saying? And You know, already, man, we've been doing some crazy things like ain't ain't never been this much attention on Delaware State. The, the minute I was signed as a head coach, I mean we got eyes turned and we got players that never would ever consider us. They come and they lock it in, lock it in with us. We outbeat Maryland temple, some big time NBS schools and we got some good talent coming here. So all I, all I ask from little brother, big brothers, man, just come support me.


Come to a game. You know, like, You know. 'cause how, how everybody was on the sideline with Dion in Colorado with Prime. I did. Yeah. I need that down in Delaware. Yeah. Got you. We'll try, I definitely try to get down there. Lemme ask you this DJ Jack, you've had some great plays. You had the pun return pun return in the Meadowlands. Yeah. As time expired, you ran it back. You had the, the Monday night throw from big, that probably the ball, like you travel 70 yards in the air. Sure. When you span back of your career, give me a couple of plays. What plays did still stand out when you be thinking about it? You riding in your car or you sitting in your office and you're like, damn. Yeah, that was a hell of a play. What plays pop up in DJ's mind? Man, I, I got three specific plays obviously. People always ask me like, what's my favorite play of all time?


And that's hard because I got so many great plays, but I got three plays and I ain't gonna put no particular order, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go. One was, I can't remember what, what, what the day was, but it was Dallas. We was playing Dallas Cowboys. Mike Mike Vick threw me a, like an eight yard hitch. I caught it. Oh yeah, You went All the way down the hill. Fell in the end zone backwards 9 91 yards terrace. Snowman was chasing me down. I fell in on him down there when to do the Marsha Lynch, when I hold my, You know, you hold the stick, You know what I'm saying? So that, that was one play. Orlando Kendrick down blew out all his hamstring trying to come get me. And I'm just jogging. I'm on a hurt ankle. I heard my ankle earlier in that game. I'm just, I ain't gonna say I'm jogging, but I'm running and I see him coming up like this dude ain finna catch my high step on him, fall back in the end zone.


The second one, the Monday night, first play of the game with LA with Laron Landry was talking all that smack before the game. Tried to put his hand on my shoulder. I'm like, Hey homie, don't touch me. And for those of y'all who don't know, he said some crazy things to me and it it, it ticked me off. He said, boy, I'm gonna kill you on this field. I said, damn, you taking that person. You trying to kill me, bro. I, I would say the second was the, the, the, the pastor from Vic, he threw about 70 yards. And the last but not least is the pump return. You know, versus the versus first when I dropped it, I tell everybody, I dropped it on purpose, set it up so everybody could get out they lanes. And then when I looked up, I hit that thing and it was nothing but success after that. Shout my boy Jason. The about for that defeated block.


Hey, you do realize DJ, you started something. It was you on that Monday night game that dropped that ball at the damn one yard line against the Cowboys. You started that Boogie dj. You know that right? Hey man, You know what I said about that man, You know, I was a bonehead. I was young and I was a rookie. It was crazy. I did the same thing when I in the high school all American game. When I, I tried. You did. It's dope. So You know who really started? Reggie Bush started, it's his fault. 'cause they was playing U-C-L-A-U-S-C was playing UCLA in the Rose Bowl. And this sucker jumped from the five yard line and Kurt Ward into the end zone. So when I got a chance in the Army game, I said, I'm gonna jump from the sixth. Why jump from the, I jumped from the sixth when I got up in the air. I said, oh, sh I dropped that ball earlier.


I said, I can't do that one. Yeah. Hey, it is it so funny. It is so funny too. They, they miss it. Hey Jackman, we was playing when we played Notre Dame, the Fiesta Bowl. Unc Yeah. And I think I went, they, the the DB tried to jump the out route. It was, it was, it was out route. And the db he jumped a little too early. So I'm going down the sideline against Notre Dame, the Fiesta Bowl. Hell, I dropped the goddamn ball it damn it looked like back at the two. But the red, listen, the rest was so far behind they could, they couldn't even see it. Damn. So you got away with one, you telling me? Yeah. Yeah. I got away with one. Lucky you would've been the first ball league. That was way back in 2000. You would've been the first ball. You know what I'm looking at this schedule. You guys, you play, you play Mike in Norfolk State?


No, October 30th we play at The league. Oh wow. I got that. I got that done. D Jack got coach Jack got that done. That's, that's, that's what's up Verse ever. That's what's up Coach Jack first Ever. The HBCU is playing the NFL stadium regular season now, now bowl game. We play in Atlanta Stadium. But first time ever in a regular season game is being played in the NFL stadium. Wow. That's awesome man. That is, that is amazing man. D Jack, man. That's unbelievable man. Congratulations on the job man. I know. You gonna do great. You gotta you're surrounding yourself with great coaches.


Yes. You gonna inspire these young men to do great things. Not only in football, but in life. You're going to, You know, you, you, you, you raise you, you tasked with a huge responsibility Jack For sure. Because these guys look at you and they want to get to where you got. Yes sir. And even if they don't get there, if they become successful husbands, if they become successful businessmen, they become successful brothers. Yeah. That's all we can ask for. That's all we can ask for. Yes sir. Great man. Great young man. Yes sir. Man, I think the biggest thing I, I'm preaching to these dudes. 'cause You know, we all know it's only a small few that's gonna get selected to very Small field. So I tell my players all the time, man, hey, walk across that stage. They can't never take that paper away from you. You know what I'm saying? No.


You know, my life in general, being a husband, being a brother, being a a son, being a father, man. Like everything I'm teaching these young men is, is principles that they could take for the rest of their life and help groom them and to being great young, I mean great men in in, in the, in the world in general. You want That's it, dj. I appreciate it man. But I'm gonna try to catch a game. I'm gonna try to catch y'all. I might try to catch that link game. I don't know about that Delaware. I don't, I don't know if I'm gonna make it all the way to Delaware, but I might be able. I might be able to. Huh? You keep it. Oh, alright. Dj, we want keep it for one more topic. Ocho. This is yours. We gotta let Ocho have his moment.


Ocho said he want his moment. Yep. Cam fired some shots at Ocho in his 62nd job. Let's take a listen to what Cam had to say. Press pause. Yeah, press pause. Who gives Chad Ochocinco the right to give Madden rankings? He's been doing it for years now. I know, but how did he get choked? He's not good at Madden. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. Here we go. So he is this A one B one? Has anybody seen Chad Ochocinco play Madden?


I know he, he is a avid gamer. I know he plays soccer. I don't give of a man. Listen man, what up He plays fifa man. I ain't never seen Chad Ochocinco play. So is this, is this all on one V one? I don't like, I don't even wanna play here. Who's playing like bro, I'm big browser. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Shout out to Mario. See that folks head like bro you just can't start and just play me. No, I'm looking down at y'all suckers. Look at down. You don't just get the right to play the great one. Are you serious? Do You know what these thumbs will do? Golden Thumb production. Golden Thumb Productions? Yeah. Are you serious? I've never seen Chad play. He not in the field for real.


He's not. He's just that analytical guy. So I feel highly disrespected that ye hasn't reached out to me to, to really give ratings. Mm, because you in the field for real. For real. Okay. For real. And we, and, and and trust and believe, man we could put whatever on it. Ojo, where you at bro? Pick up the phone baby. Hey Ojo the floor. Yours Man, that ain't nothing but nonsense man. He talking about he in the field. So basically what based, based on his logic, I can't give Ray because I'm not good at Madden.


So let's say I'm great at football in general when I played it, you Hear me? I hear you. I'm listening. One One of the best all time. That's what that for. Gives me the credibility to give ratings. Now I don't know nothing about Cam new in no field when it come. No stink work. I've been gaming since 1984. I been game 84 and this stick work is the kind of stick work that Cam don't do. I ain't know he was the gamer. I ain't even know he played Madden. I didn't know. So obviously is whoever he think he is on the game. I don't nobody, I never seen him at a competition And You know by everybody. Yeah. Everybody know I play the game. Everybody know I do that. See Cam, this, this is, this is the thing with Cam Newton.


You see Cam Newton plays Madden recreational, he plays games in general for recreational purposes. Like our game is a way of life to pay my fucking bills. Hmm. See that's, that's different. Yeah. Yeah. I big difference. I On some, I on some other shit. But if he wanna play and we could put whatever on it, he talking spicy, we could put whatever you talking about on it. Okay. That's what's Up. Yeah. And make it light on yourself. Mm. Cam you looking at these type of problems. Yeah. Cam don't want no smoke man. Hey Cam can't beat me in nothing. Matter of fact, if I, if I was the back of a Carolina, I would've took the motherfucking job.


Nah, lemme ask you this. I love Cam boy. You didn't know Cam was a gamer. You didn't know Cam was good at Madden or other video games. I, I don't know about Cam ain't good at, You know who good at Madden? You know who I know about. I know about Dez Bryant. Okay. I know De is good at Madden. I know that, You know his, his, his prowess on the game. And listen, I've heard about it so I ain't heard nothing about Cam. I ain't heard nothing about that. I know Dez Bryant know how to play. You know, Because I remember Cam was challenging LeBron. 'cause I got, I think LeBron has like a top thousand or a top 500 top something up ranking. So I guess you get rank. I don't know. Listen, now you talking about somebody don't know issue about Rick Madden.


Yeah. Yeah. But I guess you get, you get ranks, you get, I mean you play long enough and you get good, you get ranked don't you? Is that how it works? Yeah. Listen, I I don't know man. The man, listen, the man, he, he talking spicy. Right. He could have picked up the phone and called me. He got my number. Mm. He could have picked up, called me. I'm I, I, matter of fact, I'm finna block him now. I'm Finn to block him now. You like, you coming out, you coming at a true gamer. You know I really do. You do it for fun. I do it as a way of life. We, we, we different. We ain't even the same lane when we talk about gaming. Man, DJ, you game I mess around a little bit but I, I I heard Cam Newton like that though. OI ain't gonna lie to you. I, You know who I really know like that though.


Durham, James like that too. Yeah, dur. Okay. D that's another one. Yeah. Dur Durwin is Durham is that boy on them sticks. Man, I ain't heard nothing. I know Cam being like that on them sticks. Man. Cam cam cam just probably made he want to rank, he wanna rank them dudes. Man. He just really coming at you man. God dang. Listen, listen, listen Cam, if you, you wanna come over there where he ain't with me? Holler at your support man. I You put water in for it. Got, I got it, I got it. I I got your cam. Come on over there baby. Come on Man. Y'all be, Hey y'all be taking that stuff serious. For real though. Huh? Hey Listen, hey Unc, that's serious. Listen, gaming that game ain real. Hey, hey Jack, Jack. All my relationships ended behind gaming.


Huh? Man, for Real. I can see that. Hey, I'm, I'm serious. I'm Telling you, half the time you don't hear Ocho can you get off the game and get ready to get suited up. Exactly. Listen, one thing about a chat, you gotta understand Jack. You gotta understand. Listen, gaming is forever real talk really temporary man. For real. You hear gaming is forever. I I heard you say that before too. Game. I heard you say that before. Hey listen. Hey, your game ain't gonna never wake up one morning tripping and be like, You know what? You tripping. No, I don't wanna do this no more. The game will never do that. Hey, for real will always be the same every time and it'll always bring out this happy side of you. Always bring out this happy side of you no matter what. Oh, I don't know. May maybe be Cam. I hope be watching, boy, you got the right one, boy.


Stop playing with me man. Stop playing with my top man. You know What? I think I'm gonna start playing. I'm, I gonna get good to beat the brakes off you Ocho. Who? I get my 5,900 back like that then forget. I I told you I'm I'm gonna give you money man. I'm gonna give you money. I got you. No you're not. No you're not. No you're not. Yeah, I'm, Hey I'ma, hey I'ma, I'ma You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna start gaming. I'm gonna get good and I'm gonna stream live. When I beat you like 42 to seven, you Said I'm gonna get 42 to seven. What Madden You two you on cue. You can't come. Come on now. You can't. I ain't, I ain't, it's too soon. I'm, I'm gonna let That I ain't done played before, but I'm gonna get good. I'm gonna get good. You know you don't know how to work technology young, so you definitely can't.


You too Many. Hey, can I do voice command? Can I do voice commands? Nah, nah. Ain't no, ain't no voice command. We, we not that we not that far advanced yet. Uhuh. I'm go, I'm go talk, talk to Zuckerberg. I say look here man, you got this ai this matter. I wanna be able to do my gaming. I wanna be able to talk to it Bad. Nah, I would, I I'ma get good at it. Ocho no I'm not because I don't have, I don't have that kind of time. Yeah, you can have time don that kind of time. Hey, lemme ask you, lemme lemme ask you about another thing. DJ Jack the Steelers run ran ball the fourth most last year while Aren Rogers attempted the second most passes. And Arthur Smith spoke about marrying the run a heavy offense. Did the pass Happy quarterback. We didn't bring Aren here to sign DK for all that money to go run to Wishbone dj.


Now that they have, You know, the Steelers have always had a defense that could get after the quarterback. They kinda slacked off a little bit of that when they had Ben and AB and, and and Avon. They were more of a pass happy offense. And the defense kind of struggle seemingly they gotten back, they got TJ now and they got High Smith and they got mka and they got Porter Jr on one side. So they got a really nice camp Hayward, they got him. So they got a really, a really nice defense. Yeah. Now they got Aren Rodgers, they signed dk solid offensive line. I don't think it's great, but it's okay. Fry Mo, they got Calvin Austin the third, they got some decent receivers. What is your expectation of the Steelers this year? What, what, what's the ceiling for the Steelers? Can they win the division?


Can they make a deep run in the playoffs? Can they get to the Super Bowl? I mean, obviously Aren Rogers in my eyes, man. He's, he's, I, I'll put him as a top 10, 15 quarterback of all time in my, in my book. So I think, I think he's a guy obviously coming off the injury last year. What was that, the year before? Whenever the heck. The, the year before was. The year before. Right. And then obviously last year really didn't have the success we thought he would have. I think it's gonna be tough. Like you said, the offensive line is really not the strength of that team. You know what I'm saying? Obviously Aren Rogers, he's older now. What is he? 39? 40. He's 40 years old. Be 41 and start of the season. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I, I think all obviously he can't be touched.


He's not the young Aron. He can't move like he used to move. So I just don't see why would you go get rid of what what's, what's my, the receiver? Justin Fields? Nah, the receiver. Oh, you talking about oh, Pickens. Pickens. Your Pickens. Yeah. I don't understand. Why would you get rid of George Pickens if you had in hopes that you was gonna sign the Aren Rogers? So for me, I know you got DK Metcalf over there. I just don't, honestly, I'm gonna be real. So I don't see them winning this division right now. Not with my boy L Jack, not with my twin L Jack over there in Baltimore. And I ain't gonna lie, man, I think, I think my boy Shado gonna get in that started job over there. I think, I think Cleveland gonna be a little something this year too. So, and that division you got Cincinnati, you got bro, you got, You know my my boy Ocho team over there.


You got Martin Chase, you got t Higgins, I mean it's some copy in that division over there. Man, I don't think it's gonna be that sweet for the dudes to win that. I, I can't write that off and say they gonna win it this year. I can't Ocho what you thinking. They ran the ball the fourth most last year. Obviously Rogers wants to throw the football. He's always had success throwing the football. Obviously like DJ said, not the success that probably he thought he would have or everybody had the expectations because he was supposed to be the missing ingredient, right? For the jet to take that next step. Obviously it didn't pan out. They moved on after two years. What is your expectations for the Steelers? Well, well listen, my, my expectations are for them to compete, they gonna compete not only the division, but whatever their schedule may look like because they do have Aren rods.


Aren Rods is not the Aren rods of old, but Aren rods is better than what you had on your, on your team before he signed, right before mini camp. He gives them a chance to compete week in and week out. As far as winning division, that's, that's not likely. The division winners will probably be either the Bengals of the Ravens. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be realistic here based on the record between, between us, I'm, I'm gonna piggyback on what LaShaun said. The two at some point, Joe Flacco will probably lose that starting job to Shado and his tenure in Cleveland will also start. So outside of that, as many people that may hate Aren Rods for the way he acts and then for all the stuff he does off the field, some of the things he says on camera and some of the things he says on tv, he does give you a chance and he does give Steeler fans and that organization hope to compete week in and week out.


Alright dj, thanks for joining us. Head coach of Delaware State Dja Dja. Tell people how they can find you on social media. If you got a YouTube page, you got ig, you got Twitter, Facebook. Let our fans know how they can find you. Yes sir. Man, appreciate it though. Obviously 1 0 1 is my Instagram. Desean Jackson 10 at Twitter, Delaware State football as well too. We gonna pub Delaware Stadium here man. Everybody need to go out too, man. Support that cause man. August, I mean October 30th, man at the link man come through. We had Lincoln Financial got my brother Michael Vick. We gonna be first time obviously you seen us a lot. Catching, throwing. Catch him touchdowns. Now we go ahead to head verse.


Sideline the sideline in our old stomach grounds, man. So come out October 30th, mark calendars, man, we going at that thing man. Let's get it. Yep. Like it. That's Sean Jackson DJ Jack. I appreciate that. Best of luck man. Stop back by when you have some time, bro. Alright Man. Y'all keep doing y'all thing, man. Blessings Bet. Appreciate you. All right hun. Alright bro.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles? You need to try oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online. Get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health Weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Bobby Bower with News on the top Shelf country crews, setting self February 27th to March 6th, 2026. It's not just a cruise, it's a country music experience at sea. An amazing lineup of performers. Well, we're gonna be there. The Bobby Bone Show. I'm gonna be there. Keith Urban, Lee Brice, Scotty McCreary, Parma Lee, Leanne Rhimes. It doesn't in there. We'll also be stopping in stunning destinations along the way. Go to top shelf country cruise.com to book any available state room. Gotta hurry though. These spots are filling up fast.


Are you shopping for a new laptop while still trying to keep up with technology and ai? Talk about feeling burnt out, but no more. lenovo.com makes it easier than ever to find the perfect pc. In fact, we'll break it down for you. Step one, shop our lineup of AI PCs powered by Intel core Ultra processors. Because why deal with downloading new software? When you can buy a smarter PC that already comes with all of the AI features and tools. Step two, find the one that fits your passion. Whether you're a creative genius, a research scientist, a hardcore gamer, or a future CEO, no dream is too big. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel inside, you can keep up with your ideas as well as any challenges you may face. Step three, add to cart and purchase. Oh. If you're a college student or a teacher, make an education account through us and get 5% off your whole order. Shop now@lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


Oh, Joe Shamar Stewart is no longer at the mandatory mini camp Amid ongoing holdout with the Bengals over language, they want to put into hiss rookie contract per Adam Schefter Stewart left mandatory man cap due to contract dispute. Stewart, the number 17th overall draft pick is one of four remaining unsigned first round selections from the 2025 draft. His situation appears to be the most contentious from that group. Pro Football talks Mike Florio reported on May 24th that the issue between the stu the Stewart and the Bengals involve a phrase in which the contract would allow a default in the current year to trigger a default in all remaining years.


Yeah. Hey, hey uncles. It is gotta, I mean, Just think about Ocho. Just Think you get a contract. Let's just say for the sake of argument, I get a contract, I got a five year deal, I got a four year deal, a 50 option. They can pick it up, right? So let's just say at my rookie year, I do something Yeah. Contract detrimental. I get suspended. NF nfl, I, whatever the NF NFL suspend me. Not only can they take the money back that first year. Yes sir. But year two, year three, year four. Yeah. They get that guaranteed money too. Yeah. Oh hell no. Yeah. AB absolutely. Absolutely. Hey, listen, as a player in, in chat, y'all stay with me real quick. I'm not sure. Again, I, I asked this when we talked about it the other night, Unc, I asked when it comes to Stewart, what does his background look like?


You know, what has he done in the past? What did the Bengals find out? Like, we're gonna take a chance on this young, on, on this young kid because he is a tremendous talent. But there must have been some red flags that we don't know about. It has to be because there's no reason that the Bengals are trying to set a precedent all of a sudden out the blue with this individual as good as he was in college wanted you to and you wanted to draft him this hot, I'm not sure what it is. And if, if it's something that other teams now, if, if it's something that other teams did, okay, I understand. I understand that. Right. But the fact, fact of the matter is with that fine language, don't allow it to default money from years down the down the road. Yeah. Allow it to be a year to year thing. Like if you mess up this year as your rookie, well, all that guaranteed money in your rookie year, boom.


Young boy, you're not touching that. But all the money to come, that's guaranteed moving forward on later years. That's a no-no. As much as I love my Bengals, I, I mean I, I just don't see, and don't, I don't understand what the issue is or why they're doing it. Well, the NFL should institute fine. If a team gets fined for doing something, all the money, the money that you would get in subsequent years would go away. So that $425 million that you would get in 2026. Right. If you did a, if you had something that go wrong in 25, you don't get 26, 27 or 28 money. Mm. I I Got another then would go for that. Right. Exactly. So why do you expect players, why do you think, because you're in an advantageous situation, right? That you want to say, well look, take it or leave it.


Hey, take your ass back to the draft young man. I was just getting ready to ask you that, huh? I was just, yeah, absolutely. Now can he opt out and go back into the draft again and be drafted by Somebody else? That, that that'd be something that, that's something that the, the players Association would probably, that get the lawyers involved with the NFL. Because look, you go back and look normally what happens, Ocho quarterbacks are different. But normally you look at what the, what did the player get that was drafted in the same slot in 2024. And normally he gets a 10% raise. So let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho he got 20 million. Yes sir. 10%. That's 22 million. Okay. Now you work on, you work on incentives and things like that.


How much of the money is guaranteed? Because now you look at the top five, top six guys, their entire contracts are guaranteed. Yes sir. The entire contracts is guaranteed. You get 25, $30 million signing bonus at the time. Right. And then You know, you the rest of it. So if it's a $43 million contract, you get 30 million guaranteed. So, You know, you over the next four years, three, four years, you gonna get 13 million, but you got your money. So they prorated over the length of the contract, the signing bonus. They spread it out. I the, the bingos doing this. And I Ocho I get it. This is a mom and pop shop. Their dad Paul Brown. Yeah. Left it to the son Mike Brown. But Ocho everybody got 300 to $325 million.


That's before you sold anything, any tickets. That's any concession, any parking pass, local tv, local radio, local sponsorship. So you going the NFL cutting checks for between 300 and $350 million before you do anything locally? Yes sir. And you gonna try to hard time me talking about you gonna take some money back if I do something in year one and you gonna take money for your 2, 3, 4, then y'all better get the bleep outta here. Yeah. Yeah. It, listen, it is un unfor. It, it is unfortunate uncle. It's frustrating. It's frustrating for me obviously being, being a huge, huge bango advocate, noise riding for my team, team, the ups, the downs and, and, and us already having issues on the defensive end and knowing that's what we need to focus all our attention on.


And having a player that you drafted so high and, and, and, and, and, and having these issues and having him not be a part of, You know, mandatory minic camp and him actually leaving and there's a opportunity and maybe a chance that he can opt out and go back into it. Just, it's, it's, yeah. It's, it's a distraction. It's a Distraction. It'd be interesting to c Ocho how have they done this with other contracts? Well, listen, I told you, I told you what was a holdup, You know, I mean a little, a little little birdie told me a a a birdie close enough that they had some wording and verbiage in, in chasing Teagan's contract that they held it up just a tad bit. Yeah. And you've got, oh hell nah, not, no, not us. No. So, so this was, this was lingering a little bit, but because they are who they are, they were able to get that, You know, what about there?


So now we talking about a rookie who is yet to prove himself. You know, we got two that already been proven. So, man, we not signing nothing until that's a outta there. So now in this case they, they ride with it. Yeah, They try, they try, they trying to draw land in the sand. And so what that means if they start sc, because Harris is the thing, I'm not gonna let you start the precedent with me because what you do, if you put it now, so in 2025 they put this in his contract. Guess what? All the rookies that signed with the Bengals moving forward is gonna have in their contract that language. Yeah. You're not gonna start that precedent with me. Yeah, it's not happening. No, it's unfortunate man. It's very frustrating. Very frustrating though. Very Frustrating. Oh, so I don't know if you noticed this today, the new patches for the La Chargers practice.


Jerseys. Jerseys. Huh? We missed something. Yeah. Oh, if a rookie do not sign their contract after being drafted, they can reenter the draft the following year. They can also choose to enter a free agency and potentially sign with another team. If the draft team's right them aren't traded, A player who d doesn't sign can either choose to sit out a year or reenter the draft later, what would he got? Leverage. What Would you do? He could become a free agent. What would you do? I ain't said that Id need money. I got a play. I can't go back to college. I ain't got no eligibility. Because if I could I go back to college and get an NIL deal, but I'm going, I'm gonna be a free agent.


'cause I'm sure Cincinnati was not the only team that had him high on their draft board right. Now is it something like, is it something like, what do they call it? I think they, they used to do where you used to draft the guy in the summer, what did they call that? Draft Supplemental. Draft Supplemental. Okay. I don't think they have the supplemental draft anymore. Right. But if, if you took somebody, Bobby Humphrey got drafted into the supplemental draft in 1989. They took Steve Atwater first, but they had a supplemental draft. Bobby Humphrey went number one in the supplemental draft, which means the following year the Broncos didn't have a first round draft pick. Right. So that's how the supplemental draft worked. If you took somebody whatever round you took them in that following year, you lost that round of a draft pick.


So with Shamar, with Moore, I'm sure others had him as a top, as a, as a, as a first round, had a first round grade on it. Right. Okay. Hey, what y'all got for your boy? I'm not saying I'm not sitting out on you because like I said, I I I want money. Yeah, I need that. I need that. Listen, Forget the, I mean the money part is obviously, but my childhood dream has finally come true. Yes. I would work all the obstacles, I overcame everything. I finally get drafted. Boom mama, I made it. Thank you. Now I get here. Now that's another issue. Now that's another problem. Something that I can't avoid.


It's the business side of things. It's the ugly side of things. I hate it. I know Young Bull wanted to get out there and play. Yes, I understand. If he sits out, I understand if he, if he ops out to, to go back in the giraffe, I get it. I understand that he's frustrated. I'm sure his, his parents are frustrated. The agent probably frustrated and saw are the fans. So listen, Joe spoke his peace. Joe spoke his peace. But one thing about it, You know, if, if You know the Bengals, if You know management, if You know ownership, you're not finna bully them. No you're not. Finn bully them and then you're not gonna make them do nothing. They don't wanna do. You're not gonna set that precedent as if you, Joe, so Oh, I know, But that's kind of why the Bengals have been in that situation. They wouldn't pay Boomer, they wouldn't pay a lot of their good players and their good players left.


That's kind of why they've been in the situation. Now you got an ideal situation. The last thing you want Ocho going into a season where you have so much hope and promise is distraction. Joe told youre Hendrickson is a distraction because you're not asking how we're getting better. You are asking what should they do? I gotta keep asking this now I gotta ask, answer another question about my first round draft pick. Yeah. And him not getting paid and them trying to set a precedent that no other team has setting. Yeah. Distraction. But the bingos don't see. But but here, that's the thing though, Ocho, because see there's really no benefit other than your, your ownership wanting pride. That's the only benefit of winning because guess what Ocho whether you get, whether you win the Philadelphia, the Philadelphia Eagles got the same amount of money.


Who's the worst? Who picked first O Tennessee? They got the same revenue. Everybody got a check for three 50. Right? So tell me the incentive. See we normally have an incentive because if prize money Ocho you win bid you get 3 million, you get second, you get 2 million, so forth and so on. But just imagine, would that be any incentive to win other than your pride? If, okay, first prize, get 5000002nd prize, get 5000003rd prize, get 5 million, what incentive with that Ocho? So the Bengals really don't have any incentive to do anything because guess what, the NFL is gonna cut them a check for 350 million. Just like they're gonna cut the Super Bowl champion or the last place team.


And that's before they sell anything or they have any event in the stadium. Right? Yeah. And so that's, that's that, that's, that's why, I mean it takes a special time. I mean some ownership, clearly Harry Roseman wants to win even though the 49 ERs haven't won. Hell, they go damn near all in every year. Stan Croy the owner of the Rams, he wants to win he damn near shoved chips in the military by all year. Yeah. If you notice, it's only the bingos that do things like this to haggle and try to Penny pinch bro. You getting a check for three 50? Yeah. Three outta 50 billion on Joe. Damn. Hey listen, I Well, it's frustrating.


Why? It's very frustrating. 'cause like you said, the last thing that you want to have happen on Joe is to have it. Why are we still talking about a rookie about not signed and hell we are, we damned it, we dabbed it in July. We going, we going, Hey, we going to training camp in a month? Yeah, yeah. We gonna training camp in a month and you and I and I gotta deal with this bull jive. Oh, show new patches for the La Chargers practice, jersey show both personal and team achievement on East Jersey. This is the first form of professional, this is the first form of professional football team. Ocho you like this? So, okay, got captain. I can't read this. So is That water? Is that water? Water bottle.


Okay. Yeah. So it got like, it got a captain. So you got the captains. So you got a captain. Yeah. And then you got a star for one year, two year three, so forth. So, and you got Pro Bowl, you got all pro. Yeah. If you, you, you got the franchise record most passing yards in the season. Right? Okay. Ocho you had the record for the most receiving yards, you would have a patch. Now they, I mean that would be, You know what it's kind of like, I guess look like nascar, You know, NASCAR got all the damn patches on they, on they five suit. I mean this, this is strictly for practice, right? Strictly For practice. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. I like it. That's dope. You could put a patch, you could put your patch on there if you have a sponsor. But they ain't NF NFL ain't let you put all those patches on there. No, No. Not without them monetizing and making some money off of it.


That ain't happening. But listen, I think it's dope. It is, it is nice. Yeah. I like it. I do. It's no different than than college. You know, Ohio, Ohio State, Buckeyes, I think FSU You know, they get the, they get the Toma Hawks and I think Yeah, You remember, yeah, you remember I used get the decal day, you get a tackle, you got a big hit score touchdown and You know, hey, You know, hey, I, I need to bring my helmet because I had on You. Yeah, you filled up. Oh yeah, yeah. Filled up. Yeah. We have skulls and cross balls. Right, right, right, Right, right. Yeah, we have scar and cross balls don't choke. Okay. Okay. I mean, I think it's dope. It's cool. I'm cool. I mean listen, it's, it's, it is, I don't Think you really need to incentivize NFL players in reminding them, You know, they accolades and what they've done, what they've done to date. But if, if they feel having it on the jersey and patches is some type of a motivating, motivating tactic.


I, I, I guess it's cool. Think about what, what you would do when coach say, Hey, we win this game. We ain't gotta come in till Wednesday. Boy, I don't care if that let me get Monday, tu Monday and Monday and Tuesday off. Man, stop playing. Well you hey them joke gone. Hey man. Hey man. Especially if you home. Yeah. Man, guys trying to catch a fight out Sunday night to go somewhere. Hey, outta there, boy out outta there. Yeah. Oh, hey, all right. Hey, have a good practice. We off tomorrow. Yeah. I'm like, really dude, really? Y'all gonna do this motherfucker? So y'all, so in other words, y'all been bull jiving the other practices, but it's, it's it's little things like that.


Hey, hey, we gonna have a, we'll have a cookout off because we always did things offense against the defense. Right. It was always competition. Whether we bowl, we sh we, You know, we di divided up teams and shot and the, and it was always, we always compete against each other. Right, Right, Right. And so I, I get it, but I like, I do like that Ocho I like that. I like it. It's dope. That's dope. It's dope. Something new. Yeah. It's kind like the, the Allstar, You know, Allstar and basketball, they started putting your accomplishment four time league MVP finals. MVP, how many Allstar teams you made, how many all NBA teams you made. So I, I like it. You think other teams gonna adopt this Ocho?


I think they will. I mean, I, I think they will. It, it, it all depends. You think about it across, when you look at the landscape of the NFL, You know, it's only maybe three or four, three or four players that's gonna have patches on they stuff now Because they did it with the Walter Peyton, you remember on show if you won the Walter Peyton award, they put that, they put that DECAMP on there Or Yes. I I do, I do remember that. I do remember that. Absolutely. But I think, I think, I think other teams may adopt it. You know, some, some teams might not really care for it or, or or want to, to go to that extent of adding patches of accolades and, and what, what people have done, They do that. Hold on, they do that at this, at the Super Bowl. Now, You know how the guys come out there in the track suits on Tuesday. Yeah. And for the thing and you see the MVPs and study Super Bowl.


Yeah. Yeah. So I, I like, I like this, I like this. I can get behind. It might Be something new, might be so new. Oh, Joe left tackle, Trent Williams says his goal is to play into his forties. He turns 37 in July. It is one of them things that where I'm going to do everything possible to play as long as I can and to put a good product on the foot, on foot football out there. And then when it's going my way, then I'll know. But I could play until I'm 41. Who knows? But that's a goal of mine. I'm definitely not going to retire with something left in the tank. So in other words, he said, Hey, when the wheels fall off, hey call roadside sister to drag my ass off the field. But until then I played Right.


That's It. And one thing about it, someone like Trent, someone of Trent Williams caliber, as good as he is, can play well into his 40 as long as he stay healthy. Yep. Long as being able to stay healthy, that that's, that's all it goes. That that's all it comes down to. And he ask it, obviously the older you get, the more technically sound you gotta be. The older you get, the more technically sound you gotta be. 'cause them young bulls, You know them, they Coming, they screaming off that edge Ocho Boy, well they, they are coming as great as he is. They gotta make sure that kicks still right now and you still better to anchor down. So yeah, if anybody think the thing is is The thing is now Ocho guys do a better job of taking care of themselves regardless of position.


Right. And even though they might not have the most aesthetic bodies, guys take better care of themselves. Right. Guys take better care of themselves. They they just do. Because I got into the league guys, were still smoking cigarettes. I ain't gonna call no names, but guys were still smoking cigarettes. Hey, we get a break, guys go into their car, they standing outside their car, they smoking. Like I tell you the funny thing I seen, I saw Greg Townsend at the Raiders. I been, we walking in the first game of the season. We played on the road at the old Coliseum. Man, I get, I I'll walk out, walk into the locker room by the time I get there, he's sitting outside on his helmet smoking. I couldn't believe it.


I couldn't believe it. Don't you Now do did I know guys? Yeah, we had very prominent guys on our, on our team that smoke, but that on Sunday. Yeah. Hey, that's funny that the Getty, You know that classic picture of Lynn Dawson? Yes. That that's, That's exactly how town was sitting on his helmet smoking a cigarette. That that was a classic. But but you remember that picture that, that I think that picture in black and white. Yeah, I saw it was my own color eyes. Okay. That's funny man. That's funny. In fact, O Joe, it was wild back then. Yeah. Like some of the stuff. Oh yeah. It was wild back then. Well, I Done heard the story boy, you ain't got to tell me. Listen, I listen, I done say that Twin Peaks for LT and I done got, got some good stories on. I done got some real Yeah, But it's, I mean I I don't mean to be disrespectful.


Right, but when you played football, when you used to fly airlines domestic, was that during the time they could smoke cigarettes on the plane when you fly? Yes. Yeah. Man, that's crazy. Yeah. Damn. You Used to be able to smoke in restaurants. You had a smoking section or a non-smoking section. Yeah. It's like, would you like to sit and smoke at or nine? And a lot of people like, well what's first available? But, but if you, if you at a restaurant where the about going you might be back to back in a smoking section. Do Man, that's Yeah. I want, You know what History Orange repeats itself, right? No, I don't think that was coming back with, You know, I'm think so. Hell no. Not smoking in those. No. Now you go to Casino. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Yeah. It The funny or a club, You know, they make anything, they smoking cigarettes, cigarettes, weed, all in the club. That's what, that's what really stopped me from going to the club. Boho. Why Man, all that smoke, man, you gotta hang, you gotta hang your shirt up in the shower and stuff. Okay. I understand what you're saying about I didn't, I didn't know that was toter you from going to the club Now only. Yeah, now I don't like all that smoke when deter me from going to the club. I don't like being you. I can't stay. I ain't no, I ain't no late. I'm a, I'm a early riser so I need to be in, Don't forget it Now your boy, he is an early riser too now Understand. Understand. But you gotta say I take a nap during the day if I know I'm gonna wanna do something. Yeah. Like when I, when I went to Area 29. Yeah. Had to do, I had to do, do the show and I slept for five hours during the day I took me Down.


Yeah. Yeah. See I can't, Hey, when I go to Sies, when I go to to Tootsies, You know I gotta get my seafood, rice and lobster tail. I take a nap during the day and the fact that I only go places where I can smoke my cigar. If I can't smoke a cigar, I'm not coming. I'm not coming. Like, don't even invite me. Yeah. But I'm not, like I said, I I but I've really never, like, I'm not a, I'm not really a go out type of person. I like to go out for and I ain't really trying to, I ain't trying to close the club down. Right, right, right, Right. A last call for alcohol, last call last. I ain't trying to be there. Right. I got you. I ain't try, I ain't trying to, Hey, hey, you still sitting on the stool in the man trying to move the stool out the way and try to clean up and you still there bro.


Take your ass off. Hey, Hey, hey. The lights come on. And I heard some funny stories, like, women look different women look different. You know, you get a couple drinks so you, You know, some people that's really not attractive. They looking look different. You get a few drinks in you, You know, they hit them B lights on and you get to see what you look like and You know, hey, but What happens? What happens when you ain't got no alcohol in your sister? Hey wait some, hey my homeboy say when them lights come on. That's the fourth quarter. You better get what you can. You better get what you can. Nah, I, i done lost this one. I i I take my chances next time The volume.


Hey this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand Needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rust scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Bobby Bow here with news on the top shelf country crews setting self February 27th to March 6th, 2026. It's not just a cruise, it's a country music experience at sea. An amazing lineup of performers. Well, we're gonna be there. The Bobby Bone Show. I'm gonna be there. Keith Urban, Lee, Bryce, Scotty McCreary, Parma Lee, Leanne Rhimes. It doesn't in there. We'll also be stopping in stunning destinations along the way. Go to top shelf country cruise.com to book any available state room. Gotta hurry though. These spots are filling up fast. This isn't a an iHeart podcast.