
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC


Craftsman Days are here at Lowe's with big savings on the tools you need. Save $100 on the Craftsman V 26 tool, power Tool combo kit now at $199, no matter what the project is, craftsman's, high quality, high performance products power you to build on stop by your nearest low store and check out the full line of Craftsman tools today valid through six 18 while supplies last selection varies by location.


The volume OCHO Adam Sandler will cast Derrick Henry in a movie if, if he runs for another 2000 yards. Adam Sandler sent Henry a message saying 2000 yards. Plus this year not only gets you in a movie, but I'll have a nice dinner together and talk about Dan Patrick facial hair and how hard it is for him to grow. I love you. Keep it up. Henry, one of nine players to ever produce a 2000 yard rush season. He did it in 2020. If he eclipses 2000 yards in 2025, he'll become the first player ever to record two 2000 yard seasons and could earn a cameo in a movie.


Yeah, I mean, listen yo, That there don't need to be no cameo. I need to, I need to have about 10 minutes in the movie. You need the, the whole thing. You need to be the main attraction At at least 10 minutes. Oh, Joe, you gotta think about the NFL. The NFL is 106 hundred seven years old. Yeah. Nobody has ever done 2000 twice, Right? Yeah. Man, I, I need, I need, I need about 10, 15 minutes. Yeah. Listen, he's, he's in the right situation to do it. He's in Yeah, for sure. To do it. You know, over there with Lamar brother, Bateman brother, brother Za flowers. Listen, if if Bate, He'd got 2000, if they'd listen to me early instead of put him in that offset eye and put Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Well, listen, they know now. They know now. Told him, man, a man shut up. You don't know what you put the man in the eye. Yeah. He's an I back. Yeah. Yeah, Because he Oh, Joe, the thing is he needs to get a head of steam. He ain't one of 'em. Quick back to jump stop. Like Saquon Saquon Jamir Gibbs can run out, can run out of the offset. Montgomery could do that too. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's not, but that's not him. He's an old school. He's a, he's a Emmett Smith. He's A-A-A-A-A-A Bo Jackson. A Herschel Walker. He's a Eric Dickerson. He's that guy. Yeah. Put his heels at nine. Tossing the ball. Yeah.


Let Handing the ball. Yeah. They mess. They, they, they bulled around the first three, four games he supposed to have 2000 Could have had it. Yeah. And You know what? He he, he might hit it. Oh, you gotta realize that was his first season. Now that was his first season in offense. So now he's already acclimated. He knows the plays. You know, the, they, they understand what he can and can't do. They understand his strengths. And I, I I'm crazy for even saying they understand his weaknesses as well and what not to do with him. Shh, man, ain't no telling what he gonna run for this. Yeah. Ocho Gary Terry McClarin is reportedly frustrated on a long term deal.


Yes, sir. According to Jordan Schultz, Terry McClaren has made it clear to the team that he's frustrated with the lack of progress on a long term deal. Yeah. As I previously reported, McLaren unexpectedly left voluntary workouts after initially attending, and it remains to be seen whether he'll report to mandatory mini camp McClure, McCluen is entering the final Euro contracts and talks have been minimal. Yeah. You, you see, you see how they do you, you see how they do you, he does everything right. He does everything he's supposed to say. He's a captain. He's the perfect professional. You know what he is like Larry Fitzgerald reincarnated, and I'm talking about his approach to the game saying all the right things, being a team leader.


But you see what they see how they do you Yeah. You do everything the right way when it was time to repay you for doing everything the right way. They play with you. Why? Because it is about business. It's always been about, it's always been about business. I think he's gonna get what he deserves. He gonna get his deal done. They understand how important he is to and for that offense. And if anything, I think Jayden Daniels at some point, steps in and interferes and says, let's get this job. Let's get this deal done. Same way Joe Burrow did with T Higgins the same way Joe Burrow did with Jamar Chase. I'm not here to play no games. I need my number one target to be here. Do what you need to do to get it done.


They do, man, I I, I hate, I hate to do this guys that be professional, do everything, do all the right things, play hard. Yeah. Be leaders on and off the field. And when it come time to get y'all, y'all drag y'all feet, It don't matter. All that don't matter. All that don't matter, man. That's just for, because when it come time to it, they gonna play you every time. Yeah. You might as well. You might as well act a fool. Just be yourself. Whatever, whatever that may be. Some people have to play the game. Some people just choose to be themselves because at the end of the day, they gonna play both us no matter how you approach it.


Hopefully scary Terry gets something done. 'cause he's been a model citizen and he's played extremely well for them. He ram safety Cam Curl said he's done playing Mad Ocho after they publish the trailer of him getting Jed out by Saquon. Yeah. Cam Curl. He tweeted la l laugh. My, You know what off. Yeah. I ain't playing man this year. Why they do me like that dog been playing all my life and how my first thing on the trailer going to be, Hey, listen, it's all good. It it happened to the best of us. They Lot. Nah, you say it's all good, but they ain't got that hit that Ray put on you on there. Old Madden. Hey, but listen, it continues to replace still 20 years later or however long it was. It, it, it still Madden This, this man on.


Oh, Joe, You know how many people gonna get that Madden? Well, You know how many people done seen me get ran over by Ray? I wanna see it on Madden. Hey. He, he gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. Listen, it's, it's not, I wanna see it on bad. I wanna see if you go across there and catch it. I could do the same thing like Ray did in real life. I could do it on Madden. You can, you can. You, you, you def you definitely can listen. I, I think, listen, I think it's a good thing. It's, it is an Iconic moment. You might have been the one that got hurdled over, but listen, you could tell your grandkids, boy, look at your daddy. Man. I ain't tell my Grandkids daddy. I was, I was, Hey, I was on the cover of Madden. What is it, 26 or 25? Would you tell your grandkids you got beat up?


Yeah. I know You won't. Hey, hey, listen, UNC, I live in my truth. I live in my truth. Listen, your daddy used to fight. I lost a few though. I lost, I lost a few and being I, I'd be able to name 'em too. I'm gonna have excuse. You think players should be sensitive about how they're portrayed in Madden? No. Well, okay. Yes. Yes. That means a lot. That means a lot to the players. It does. And You know, I do. I do the ratings. I do the ratings. So I try to be as fair as possible for those players that have, that are disgruntled and upset about what their ratings are. Like, listen, I played the game. I understand the game. I watch all of you very, very closely, especially the skill position, the wide receivers and dbs.


Now, the, the other positions, I really don't have anything to do and no say so in what your ratings are. But while receiving the dbs, I'm watching you. So your rating is what it is. All I need to see is you show out consistently. So improvement, you get improved grade. Yeah, man. Yeah. And, and listen. And, and if they, they, sometime they come to me in public and like if I had my iPad with me, I'll pull up, I'll pull up like in PowerPoint presentation. This is why you at 83, because one week when you play somebody that's not that good, you cutting up and then you would place it. When you play pass Orain, boy, you, you go ghost. Where do you go? I need consistency every week, no matter who you plan, I right by me.


Huh. Don't only gimme that because You know, I've only, I've been one of the handful of guys that's ever been a hundred. They need to do right by me. Ocho Hey, listen, A Hyundai, we Got you. We got you. We got you. We gonna get you A Hyundai. I got you. Me, Barry. It's only like three of us. I FaceTime. It's been about four or five of us that been a Hyundai. Right. So I want a chain. I want some shoes. I got what kind of chain And they like, and, and in 2027, the guys that been a Hyundai be on the cover. I got you. I got you. We, I'm, I can't put you on the cover, but we, we gonna, we gonna take care. Why not? We, we, we gonna take care of your ultimate team. We gonna put you on Ultimate team. You want the chain too?


Yep. You, you asking for a whole lot. I've been a hundred. I know, but that was 30 years ago. It don't matter when it was, it was like, you tell me I did it. Okay. You right, you right about that. You right about that. I got You. They put man on the moon 50 years ago. They did it. Hey, hold on. You know what? I don't know. That's kind of sketchy. Do you really think they went to the moon 50 years ago? They Did. Well, how long ago when you saw him boat ran that 9.5. Hey, that boy was moving, but we were able to speak. That was a long time ago. He did. Hold On. Hey, hold on. We were able to see that with our own eyes. Well, I, you saw, you saw me earn that 100 with your own eyes. Yeah, you was all right. You was all right.


It was all right. James Cook reportedly disconnected himself from the organization. Is what Adam Sand. Adam Sand Adam Schefter had to say about James Cook's situation. He has basically disconnected himself from the organization and put the city, put his house up for sale. And I don't think we'll be seeing him in Buffalo anytime soon. Yeah. I mean, listen, sometimes this is what you gotta do. This is the nature of the business. This is not the first time it happened. And it definitely won't be the last time. I would love for James Cook to get his money. It's well deserved. But again, we have to understand, for those that are the chat, you have to understand how the NFL, the, the front offices, the GMs, the presidents, how they view the running back position.


They're the, they're, they're tier one running backs. The McCaffrey's, the Saquon's, the Derrick Henrys, the Christian McCaffrey's that they value Jack Jacob, Jamir Gibbs. Yeah. Yeah. That, that, that they value. I'm not sure why James Cook is not in that conversation when it comes to the tier one. Tier one, excuse me. Running backs. Yep. But obviously Buffalo doesn't see or view him in that nature, or they wouldn't even be in the position. They're now, there would be talks about getting a deal done. You got mandatory mini camp coming in. OTAs are going on normally, You know, there's, there's some type of activity or, or some type of progress. The fact that we talked to James, not, I mean, not too long ago. Wait, it was That was in season, huh?


No, they had lost, they had just lost. Oh, they, they listen. Look how long that's been though, huh? Look how long that's been. And still after all this time there's been, there been no progress and things aren't going in the right direction. That, that, that lets You know what it is, man. And it's, it sucks for both parties involved. It sucks for the Bills organization. It sucks for the Bills fans. Hell, it sucks for James Cook and his family for all that he's done. Especially when you, you see what he'd done on the field consistently week in and week out. Tom Brady explained why he'll never criticize Patrick Mahomes during the broadcast. How can I throw shade at someone who is amazing as Mahomes is? I know he's been through. And I think the one position that I'm in now in the broadcaster, I do feel a responsibility to tell the fans what I see and be honest and upfront about everything, but also realize that these guys are doing on the field is extremely difficult.


It's a high level of skill. You are looking at the 32 teams who have starting quarterbacks out there. This guy's one of the best in the world at what he does. So do they make the right plays all the time? Certainly not. But by the way, neither did I, and I think I have, I Think you have to have this context and perspective. That's all we ask. Yeah. Is that you don't make excuses if Patrick Mahomes make a bad throw, say Patrick Mahomes made a bad throw. Yeah. That's all. I mean, he's human. Yeah.


Michael Jordan took some bad shots, didn't play well. It's the right to say that that happened. Right. Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, Aren Rogers, Patrick Mahomes. It does not matter if a guy doesn't play well, it's your obligation because You know what the, the casual fan at home doesn't know. Yeah. So I don't, I don't think that's, I don't think that's asking much for the guys that's calling the game. And I know it's hard because here's the thing, you can't be too critical when you're in that position because then they won't do production meeting with you. So you have to walk a very fine line if you, if you play by play or you do color, which Tom does color.


Right. So you have to walk that like, yeah, that was, that was a bad throw. That's not like Patrick Mahome. Right. You gotta, You know what I'm saying? Oto, you gotta crouch it. Couch it. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I don't, I don't know what he saw on that one. That's not like Patrick, a guy that's played as, as, as won as many Super Bowls as he has and MVPs that's not like him. So give the defense credit on that. You know, you got an A, but he's still, I'll still take a Patrick Mahomes. That's how you have to Yeah, Absolutely. Listen, it, it, it's all about, it's all about word play and center structure. That's all it is. And he is not gonna have to say much often because players like Patrick Mahome, your Tom Brady, your Peyton Mannings, they are much more consistent as opposed to being bad.


That's how they get to become where they are. Because we look and, but see that's the thing though, Ocho and so because they're not criticized that much, they should be okay. Bingo. Like if you have a right, you play seven good games, you have one bad game. We say, well, he didn't play well today. I mean, he's played up until this point, I had him as the MVP. Right. Well, he don't play well. We ought say that, You know, he didn't play well today. Yeah. Right, right, right. But guys are so sensitive. Now, if you say that they play well, Ocho you Hate. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it is tough. It tough. And, and then obviously the blow back, the, the, the blowback, because it's Tom Brady criticizing Patrick Mahomes. I can see it from that, from that lens. They Try to build it up more than what it is. Exactly.


The great Tom Brady criticizes Patrick Mahomes. Exactly. And that's exactly what they're gonna do. They're gonna blow everything out of proportion, depending on what he said. They're gonna be critical and dissect every little word that said, and that's one of the reasons why I think he said what he said. Yeah. And I think the thing, that's why, You know, for me, Ocho, I had to be like careful. 'cause every time they ask me, you think such and such should be in the Hall of Fame? Well, I ain't gotta vote. Right. Hall of famer, Shannon Sharpe doesn't think such and such should be, bro, you vote y'all whatever you, whatever y'all decide, y'all don't, I mean, there are a few guys that's in the hall that actually have votes, but for the most part, the majority of us don't have a vote.


Right. So I don't What do you think about this guy? What, what you mean? I didn't play against him. Right. I mean, like I said, I thought I knew what a hall of famer was until I saw some guys that started not getting in. It took them 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 times to get in. I was like, I have no idea what a hall of famer is. I don't, so I stopped trying to figure it out. Knock on wood. I was very fortunate to get in on my third attempt. My brother got in this year. So we're the first two brothers in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Yeah.


Whatever happens after that, Hey, it is what it is. I got no, I got, I get the offer, I'm offering no more commentary. Yeah. See, that's, that's why I, that's why I inducted myself. And so, You know, but I, but the, the thing is, is that I, I think like for us, what we do, what we do, yeah. I'm like, bro, so how can I, you out there, you stink up the joint. Right? You run a sloppy route. You let the guy undercut it and pick it off. And I'm supposed to say what? You don't go through your progression. You stared, you made your mind up when you left the huddle. You made your mind up where you was gonna go with this football.


You stared a guy down. He picks it off. What am I supposed to say? Right? You got to, I'm gonna make a PSA before the season start. Huh? If you, if you a DB ocho and your eyes and you watching the, your, the most, you watching the quarterback? Yeah. Oh, you beat, you beat The, the guy that you covering. What you doing with him? What am I supposed to say? You beat every time, every time you peek your back. Yes. Back in that back field. You, So what supposed to do you Think you could be, you Think you to get the sacking from where you are on the field Trying to jump trying. You Take a ba or you take a bad angle, Ocho you supposed to go underneath.


You go over or you supposed to take away the inside and you let the guy beat you inside. Right. Or it's a double team and you got outside and you let the guy beat you outside. What am I supposed to say? Right? Because, because I'm basing on a lot of times the situations that I've been in or situations that I've seen guys in ocho, I mean, it's hard for me to say, Ocho, you and I playing, as long as we have 25, 26 years combined, the NFL, there's something going on the field that we haven't seen ourselves. Yeah. When football season start, I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do a PSA, I'm gonna do All, All, obviously my expertise is on DBS and wide receivers. I'm gonna do a PSA before the season start that do not take anything I say offensive.


I'm just give you my expertise based on what I saw in today's team. I don't want no issues. If you have any issues, all, all, y'all got my number. Titans, rookie quarterback, cam Ward reportedly shows up at the facility at 5:00 AM every day head coach Brian Callahan says he has to force him to go home on some nights. Ward said a 5:00 AM routine has always been a part of the process. It's just my process. It's how I've always been in college until now. It's how I get everything. Whether it's in film, treatment wise, I've gotta get everything in to start my day and the end of my day by whatever time you gotta get it done.


Like it, I like, I like young guys that are first in and the last to leave. Yeah. I mean obviously you have to do that. I mean, you're the number one, especially that Position. Hey, you're the number one pick. You gotta have every edge, every advantage you can get. If that means being there at 5:00 AM You know, if you routine, it should be, I mean, then it makes the transition easier into the NFL. 'cause it's something you already do. But Everything you need to do, you gotta do it. You gotta buy in. You gotta be the first one there. You are the franchise quarterback. Now you've been drafted number one or leave no fing stone unturned in trying to be the best and change that, change that franchise around. You are absolutely right.


You are absolutely right. Be the first pick in the draft. You're supposed to be at the first pick in the draft. You're supposed to be franchise altering. Yes. A year one. Because you see what Brown, did you see what Jayden Daniel did? No, I don't, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think Cam Ward had the same type of, He didn't have the supporting cast. Yeah. He didn't have the supporting cast that they do. So he's gonna have to be that much better, that much sharper, that much more consistent. That much. He, he does have Caval Ridley. Yeah. Do you name one player? That's what I'm saying. But he has, Look what CJ Stroud had his first year. Yeah. He had Tank Dale, Nico Collins.


Dalton Schultz. Yeah. Now, now, now talk about, look what Jayden Daniels had his first year. Yeah. Come on man. It is a big difference based on you got Calvin Ridley, that's that boy. But still you need, you need more to make your job easier. You right. You right. He Gonna be all right though. He's good. He's good. He gonna be all right. But I like that. Keep it up. Reggie Bush went off on the NFL team owners for being cheap and using turf fields despite increased risk of injury. Unfortunately, NFL will still believe that turf is the cheapest, most cost efficient way in the league. That analy, that annuals at, what is that? Annualizes. Annualizes. Okay. Makes billions every year.


It's not adding up. To me, it's repetitive cycle. And it's going to continue. It's unfortunate. It will continue until the players decide to stand up and say, listen, we don't wanna play on turf anymore. Then the things will, all players hate it. No sports should ever be played on turf. 17 of the 32 teams play on artificial turf because guess what Ocho What? It's easy because there are other things that they have on those football fields other than football games. Right? Right. They have monster truck pools. They have concerts. I see. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Understand. They have a lot of other things. OCHO and the turf grass, it's very expensive. Very to put down new sod and to grow it in, it gets very expensive.


If it's just a field that the only thing, because if it's just football, I can't make my money. I need to have Beyonce in there. I need to have Taylor Swift in there. I need to have Monster trucks. Yeah. I need to have other concerts. You have Other, I need to have other, I need to have other events there To pay the bills. Yeah. To Pay the bills. So look at SoFi Olympics opening ceremonies in 28th. The World Cup 2026. Yes, sir. Beyonce was there for like, what, three, four days. Taylor Swift was there three or four days. Right. They have football games there. Yeah. I gotta get my money. I'm sorry. Hey, I, I, I don't, I'm, listen, I, I understand maybe, maybe running backs or maybe it's just me.


I Hated Tar two ocho. But we, I mean, when I first got into the league, we had that old, that y'all had that bull drive on y'all field too. Y'all got, y'all got, I think y'all got that field turf now. But we had the artificial turf, which was cemented with that little bull drive road on top Of it. I know. Yeah. We, we, we, I had the, I had the, the artificial turf. But I like it Don. I like it because if it's raining it grass, well, you heard me. If, if if it is raining on, I still know I can run full speed and I can still stop on a dime. It's going, it's gonna grab every time. It's gonna grab every time. And that, that, that made me feel comfortable as opposed to having grass and having to put them goddamn seven studs in and hurt my damn feet. I Love, Hey, I, I didn't, I, I, I played with Tempo. I played with his feed TV bottles.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But it didn't matter to me. Ocho You know why you wasn't gonna slip? Because you didn't plant. And I tell him, you're slipping, You know, on the back of your heel, you got four in the front, you got seven. So they trying to tell you to get over your knees and drop your hips and stop planting on the back of your heel. That's why you're slipping. You know, You know what's funny? Is that what's so unorthodox? Hey unc, I can run an out route to the left and I can cut, I can, I can cut on my in, on my outside foot. Oh, inside foot? Yeah. Oh, you got, you gotta see it. Oh, you got, oh, you gotta see it and it look, and I lose no step, no rhythm. Mm. No. It, it is crazy. It is crazy. It, it's, I, it, it is weird. Now. I'd be be right, right in the flow.


It it is. I, I don't know. But I didn't slip because like I said, as I got older ocho I rode, I wore, I wore Pel tempo bottoms. Yeah. But earlier in my career, I, I wore, I wore, I wore seven studs. But You know, I mean, like I said, I mean, hey, Hey, them studs hurt. You talking about the screw it hurt, Huh? Yeah. Screw. Oh hell no. Oh no. And now you had, I had no choice. When we played the Steelers at any point in the two thousands on that field they had at Hinz back then, It was terrible. I they purposely didn't get it done. I think they purposely didn't get it done. Oh my goodness. Yeah.


I played the old, old, old Three Rivers. That turf was terrible too. Y'all's te Field was terrible too. Philly was awful. I never saw Three Rivers. Oh, oh old. Three rows was terrible. That turf was terrible. Right. But they get loud and the, and the seats, you start bouncing the seats do this. You can see the people jumping up and down. Oh. But it, it, it is nice to go back because you're like, man, I remember the first time that I played there. It was like, I'm like, man, the steel curtain played here. Yeah. You know, they, You know, win a FC championship games. And so it's a, You know, you, you playing in and something is stored like Three Rivers.


Right. Or Lambo Soldier Field. I'm talking about the old, the old, right. I'm trying to think, did I play in the old, yeah, I played in the old Meadowlands, You know, not MetLife, the old Meadowlands. Okay, Okay. You know where the, the, You know, they still share the field. Right. But, so it's just, it's just like, just walking into that stadium and knowing the history of that stadium is like, wow. Ocho a new study from LSU Business School found that Super Bowl 59 had a major economic impact on Louisiana generating an estimated one mil, 1,250 million. The report looked at spending tied to everything from hotel states, restaurant, transportation, entertainment across the state.


Roughly 115,000 people came to New Orleans for the weekend, including a hundred thousand from out state, given the major boost to tourism. That's why all these teams keep bidding. Last thing, the event also supported nearly 10,000 jobs across the region. Making it, it a win. Well beyond the field. Go ahead. Hey, why do you think teams or cities, I mean cities be it, to have the Super Bowl in their city, they understand the economic impact it can have on that city in such a short amount of time one week. Do You know how, what can you do when you can make a billion dollars in a week?


No, no, nothing. Nothing. Hey, nothing do, and nobody had more Super Bowl than New Orleans O Joe. So they know how to, they, they're, they're used to, they put on, they have Mardi Gras, so they're used to having national championship games and the Superdome, they're used to having Super Bowls in the Super Bowl dome. But You know, it's gonna, it, it's in la, not, excuse me. Right. It's in San Francisco, then it goes to Atlanta. They Don't need, they don't know. They don't need San Francisco don't need no more money. They don't need, no. Now Atlanta Boys finna be crazy out there. Boy, You ain't gonna tell me. I already know. 'cause I went to the one in, in 2019 when, when New England played the Rams Ram.


Okay, okay. Okay. Crazy. No, The Rams and it's gonna go, it's, it's gonna come back. It's gonna come back to Vegas And the Falcons, I mean No, they played the Rams and they played the Rams in Atlanta. They played the, the Patriots played the, the Falcons in Houston. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You right, you right, you right, you right, you right. Houston. Oh man. But pretty soon it's gonna be like, oh, like you get a new stadium. I don't know who is in line to get a new stadium, because, You know, but Atlanta, they gonna rotate. Atlanta, SoFi, Vegas, Houston, Miami, Miami, Arizona. Yeah, a Arizona field. Arizona got that damn Bermuda grass on. Oh my. But see, they got, they roll it out.


See, it is on Slabs. It's like it Houston. It is. Yeah. Hey, Houston and Houston and Arizona got the best fields. I don't care. No, and it's grass. It is grass it, but nobody say Nah. Mile high. Got the best grass. We got real grass and we got some synthetic sold in there. Who? Mile high. Nah, I mean, yeah, this is the altitudes too high. Y'all grass is is fake. No. Nah. I grass real, bro. No, come on, man. Don't do that. You don't hate ocho Don't Do that. But yeah, but that's why O Ocho, that's why teams they want, I mean, that's why they want the Super Bowl. That's why they try to get in on those bids and try to get, Hey, let's get a World Cup come through here. Yeah. Let's get the Olympics so far.


La a Atlanta a And the funny thing about it, you Think, you Think, you think the Super Bowl had an economic impact on, damn, where was it? Just at? Oh, new Orleans. Yeah. TUC. What the, the World Cup does World, each city is in. Oh my God. I think the finals gonna be in New York. Right? But it's coming through Kansas City. It's going through Kansas City. And they going, they're going, they gonna, SoFi. I think the semi-finals been like SoFi something. Hey boy, everybody from every other country is coming to support their country. That's gonna be, I can't wait. I can't wait. I'm excited.


I'm excited. The volume,


When we started writing our thoughts down on paper, it opened up endless possibilities. Ideas could grow beyond the borders of the mind, and it changed the world. Somewhere along the way, we lost touch with paper, distracted by devices made for every purpose, except for thinking and focus on edge, waiting for the next notification. But what if new technology didn't pull us away from paper, but brought us closer to it? Listen, that's not paper. It's the sound of the new remarkable paper pro rewriting the future. A paper tablet with a true color ink display, gentle reading light and unheard of tactility with digital features for taking notes, thinking and organizing without any distractions. Paper is about to change the world. Again, get your paper tablet@remarkable.com today.


This is an iHeart podcast.