
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food Gotta be Wendy's.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at to discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


The Volume UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all blitzing glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any of the action at Draftking Sports Book. The official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evenly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. Is that simple? And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the octagon with drafting sports book. Download the Drafting Sports book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only with Jeff Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


A man made a list of Things Black people take seriously. Ho let's take out this. Let's check out this list. Let see that. Lemme See that. Lemme see that. Lemme see that. Hey, about to start taking the class for Things Black people take seriously. 'cause this list is the must and more. I'm telling you because man, the check, if you mess up on a black person's check, I promise you they will become a mathematician. They will carry the one Add that, Hey, I forgot one penny. Y'all forgot one penny. Y'all playing with me like number one. And if she did, the body that is the most ultimate diaper will say it out loud. You know what I'm saying? Why y'all do grandma like that? Why she look melted? Why did they put her in the oven? Why is she on three 50 bake? You know what I'm saying? Turn that heat down.


Don't even look like grandma. I'm tell you, this is probably when people take off running. Oh, oh, who running? Who running? We all, we don't even say a word to nobody. We just going off take off and then ask questions later. Ooh. And not calling elders by their first name. There's a lot of of people I didn't know they was their first name. I just knew 'em as sir, ma'am mom and dad until I was about ninth grade. That's when I was like, oh, that's your name. Who? And if you said what you was dying and come back to life again. Hey. I like, yeah, listen, the first one is the most important. The first one is the most important, obviously that check. But number two for me, his number two was cool, but obviously his number two was, I think if I'm not mistaken, was talking about who did the body at the funeral.


I like That's, that's, that's number three. Know who over there you call somebody, Hey, you get who over there? Who all over there. We didn't know who all over there because some bull job, I ain't Nowhere before that is if somebody cooking and the first thing you ask, somebody gonna ask every time would've been number two for me. Well, who cooking the yams? Well who cooking the greens? That potato salad in the back of cheese. Hey, I got, you got to know you got, You know what Ocho who did that body? He looked just like himself. How is it supposed to look like a horse? I need that film. Hey. And that old, that's old folk man. That's old folk at the funeral. That's Him. When old folk go to the funeral, they go to the way and they see the body. That's the first thing they say.


Yeah. Who did the body every time? Yep. Who made a potato salad? We take off running, drinking and eating after the people. Remember I told you that O no. No. Oh no, You Pole. Hey, we be, hey, come back around here man. Well, oh, you'll walk back round the pole. You not no side. We walk on the same side. Can't put the floor. The purse being Luther, skinny Luther. Oh Yeah. Still Definitely can't get no baby, no haircut before he won. Can't do that. Oh, calling elder by their first name. Nah, Mr. Such and such.


They couldn't be about, they might not be about five, six years older than you. It's always Mr. Yes sir. Him? Yes sir. No sir. Yes ma'am. No ma'am. Absolutely. Case we tell you being offered a bag after a purchase. I hate when people like, I got like $70 worth of stuff. Yeah. Would you like a bag? Yeah. No, I'm gonna carry this issue outta my arm. Hold. What the hell? You hold on that and not, You know, you go to certain places now to certain stores And you buy clothes on, you gotta pay 10 cents for the bag. They ask you want a bag? Yes. Well, well obviously I do because I'm not gonna be able to carry all this stuff outta here, man. What you talking about? Well, that'd be 10 cents. What?


And at some stores, Ocho, if you bring your own bags, they won't, they won't bag it. I said, well Now you go ahead and do that. I don't work here. What the hell you talking about? Hey, time a d. And it's like, well how much did this cost? I said, I don't know. I'll stay right there. Time times a different Would you like to get another one? Yeah, you could go get it, but I'm not finna walk back over there and get another one. Y'all be think I work here. Y'all work here. I done did my part. I I came to the counter. But yeah, bro, I, I agree with these. Yeah. Clothes on the bed. Nah, you can't put clothes on the bed. Some good ones now. Some good ones.


And you saw, He saw, yeah. Yeah. These a lot of spot off. He, he did a survey with to find out what we, what we don't be doing. Unc ocho my favorite chocolate duo. Looking forward to seeing you and be more, I'm curious, what value or principle do you hold most dear and how do you, how do they guide your approach in both business and romantic pursuit? My, oh, my mo You know what I do everything. I do everything. Oh man, I'm trying to make sure I say it the right way. Well, it, it's not great.


Oh man, damn. I had it right on the tip of my tongue. As soon as I had it out, I was like, oh, this, this is a good one. You know, You know when things don't work out, but you, but you meant well by everything you do, which is why you don't, why you never feel bad. Why you never feel bad? Because everything you did was with great intention. Hey, I'm trying to think of that, if that's the right word. That's not the word I'm looking for, but that's something that I always, always, always stood And I always stand on. Which that, where I never feel bad throughout the entirety of my years. Especially when it comes to business. And when it comes to, You know, relationships as well, since she added that, added that in there as well.


I do everything, everything from the heart and really want nothing in return. Like I, everything is always genuine, always In business. Just be straight up with me. Tell me what it is. If it's this, it's this. If it's not, it's not. That's all I ask. I don't require a whole lot. I like to be left alone. I'm gonna come in, I'm gonna do my job. If I call you, I really got a problem, right? If I got a problem, if I got a problem, if I call you, I got a problem. Let's address it. Let's handle it. Let's see The best way to move forward in my relationship.


Hey, if you don't wanna be with me, just tell me. Yep. Go hurt. It's gonna hurt. Absolutely. But if you lived the longest as I have, I promise you, you've been hurt, you've been heartbroken before. Hey, I never forget that you just, oh, that, that was triggering. Oh, oh man, that was triggering. You live long enough, you're gonna be heartbroken. And as I said before, when you don't want to end the relationship and the other person does, it hurts you more than it hurts them. Not to say it doesn't hurt them, because sometimes in order to change, it requires hurt. Yeah. I I, I got it. But think about Ocho shedding skin is pa it's painful.


But You know why snake shed There Not to change from being a snake to grow. That's why when somebody cross you, you don't allow them a second chance. You know? Because when a snake sheds the skin, it's not becoming something else. It's becoming a bigger snake. And let me tell you something now, Now you are a little different now. I like that story now. I said it was triggering when, when you said about someone actually leaving you, and it was triggering because it, it brought me back to a story I'll never forget. And I was just telling a friend of mine this story back in, back in 1983. And they always asked Like, You know, when your relationships have ended all this time, how come you were able to move on with such grace and, and not be upset or, or not be sad?


And I told, I told him, listen, I've become numb to this stuff because back in 1983, that was the worst pain I ever felt. Huh? 19, 19 83. I was in elementary school. I would never forget it was a young lady. And I, I told her story before earlier, You know, in a, in a few shows a while back. And me, her And I were dating And I felt we were in a relationship even in elementary school, 1980, I'll never forget North Beach Elementary. I had a eight, eight box of Crayola crayons. Eight box. Huh? Every time we sat together And we did coloring. I gave you my red crayon. I let you use my red crayon.


So I felt we was together. You told me we was together. New dude named Ted came to our school in the middle of the semester. Obviously it's not a semester because it's only elementary. But he came to our class. Ted had a 64 box of crayon. So she went from using my red crayon to using one of Ted's red crayons because it had multiple shades of the color red in the box. Well, you only had eight. You only had a eight part, A eight pack. Yeah. You know, it was only one red crayon. Yeah. So he had multiple crayons.


And I mean, listen, it's, it is an, it is a testament to how things are today in this world. Because You know, that girl, I'll never forget her name, her name Tina. And that let me know when she grew up. If I only had $50, if a dude with a hundred dollars came along the chance talk, she'll probably leave me. Yeah. You know? So ever since that hurt, I felt back then, I've been numb ever since then. Ever since then. It's tough. Yeah. Relationships are tough. They're not easy. I think everybody has come to that realization and understand. They're not easy.


It takes a lot of sacrifice because it's easier, it's easier to go grow apart than it is to grow together. You see, in order to stay in a relationship, you've gotta wanna stay in the relationship. And you got to be willing to grow every day day because that's a new person. The person that you went to bed with last night is not the person you are gonna wake up with today. No, sir. Are you willing to change or, I mean, 'cause some, 'cause it, it's the days that you don't ha that you're not your best and they're not at their best. Because that's a lot of times what happens, Ocho they're not at their best. You're not at their best. You can say, okay, this, I'm out. Yeah. You know, And it's easy to quit. The the easiest thing you'll ever do with no matter what it'll Way out, is to give up the easiest way.


And I, another thing, especially for the chat, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen to me real quick. I y'all probably listen, you might not like the messenger, but my message is always good. You just don't like it coming from me sometimes. Nah. I'm, I, I got 47 years of experience, You know, doing this. You know. But, but anyway, most of the time when you, when you're going through it with your partner, whoever it may be, and things or things are rocky and, And you don't know what you should do, let 'em go. Let 'em go. 'cause the only way to see someone's true character, I'm talking about their true character. And who you really dealing with, dealing with is by giving them their freedom.


And they'll show exactly what they really want to be doing every time. Huh? Give 'em their freedom. Let 'em go about their business. You know, give, give 'em some time, give 'em some space. Because space reveal some true character. Now I know what you always telling me. I I I hear what you're telling me all the time, but you actually show otherwise. I hear Brenda, Oh man, listen, every time, And I'm not, I'm not, I'm, I see better than I hear acting because what they're telling you Ocho and what you see, that message is not lying. Yeah. If I tell, if I, if I tell you I'm gonna come on a certain time And I don't show up, I know what you told me, but when I looked at the clock, that wasn't the time.


And you didn't show up at all. Because at the end of the look at, at the end of the day, the beginning of the day or whatever the, the sunset or whatever the case may be, sir, if you do not want to be with Shannon, just tell Shannon that. And I don't do that. Huh? Ain't nobody, ain't nobody finna leave you. Man. Stop playing man. It's happened. But I like, I like, I like, honestly, I like being upfront. Just tell me that and I'm okay with it. Oh yeah. For real. Oh, it's happened. Oh Man. It ain't Ocho because here's the thing, a lot of times guys, guys get in a situation and like, oh, that's never happened to me. You're lying.


Because if, and the more you invest in something, you see how Luca was? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. 'cause he was invested. The more you invested anything, it used to break my heart to lose because I was so invested. And a lot of times I would have to go to myself, be alone. I would say, Hey, I don't wanna be, I don't, I don't wanna don't wanna see you tonight. Well, what I just, no. And I would just, like, I would, I would cry and I'd ask, what could I have done? Why did I not play better? Okay. It's the same thing in a relationship. And, And I replay that because see, the mind replays what the heart can't delete.


And I asked myself, what could I have done differently? What could I have said differently? Why did I have to respond the way I did in this situation? Why couldn't I be more calm? Why couldn't I be more understanding, more empathetic? And as the more things you go through, you start to realize like, okay, Shannon, it wasn't, it wasn't as bad as you thought. Right. You could have handled that a a a million different ways and 999,000 of them would've been Right. Right. You chose the one that was wrong. It it, it was tough.


It's tough. I think the thing for me is that because I've been through so much, because I'm a very private person, people don't see that. Right. Because I don't live my life pub. I, I'm a public figure. I've, I've, I've come to accept that. But I do everything I possibly can to keep as much of my private life private. Right, don't you? So guess what? I can go through things in private. I can grieve in, in private, I can celebrate in private. I'm okay with that. I can take my wins and my losses in. Yeah. I like it. That was, that was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LC equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30.


Yo, What's good? It is Jeff t from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me and why the Florida Gators won first played a great second half and competed at a high level. The second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger or $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Smart fans know sports is just a metaphor for life. And in the game of life, confidence is everything I'm talking about. Confident clean you get with wet extra large dude wipes. Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down wetter just cleans better. No irritations, no dingleberries, no debris. And they come in different pack sizes, including on-the-go single pack wipe that you can take wherever you go. For a home field advantage, dude, wipes comes in a variety of sense and sensations like mint chill and sheshe butter. So don't fumble the ball with tp. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole. And start using dude wipes. The MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean pants down,


Man. That Was good, bro. Shit At Apples cupcake. Mama. Good evening guys. Or the public figure. Where do you all go to be fully yourselves with no judgment. If, if your love life was a book, what would the title of last chapter be? The title of my last. Where can I go to be My Fully Self? Where can I go? Probably if I'm, if I'm with my, if I'm with my, my brother, my sister, my kids. But I'm only like that if I'm in the privacy of my own home. But I'm never myself when I'm out in public. Oh, shoot. You bet you better than when I'm with my fa when I'm with my sister, I'm with my brother, I'm with my kids with, I'm, I'm straightened up because I'm, because OCHO is just so hard because I, I feel that every place I go, I'm being recorded, I'm being filmed.


And I think you have to do that now. And some things you learn a hard lesson. Right. So for me, nowhere, And I'm okay with that. Ocho I'm okay with that. Yeah. Hey, I'm, well, I mean, when I, when I think about it, I'm, I'm, I'm myself. I'm very comfortable. Obviously publicly you And I are completely different. We are two sitting, two different sides of the spectrums. You know, I'm, I'm a I'm very sociable. I'm a social butterfly, which at times has gotten me in trouble. You know, I'm able to be myself in, in front of crowds. I love large crowds or, or I can be, You know, be by myself and be alone and be, be with my kids.


I'm able to be my, be myself with my kids. Most definitely, I'm able to be myself with whoever it is I'm seeing at that time. Where, where there's a certain level of comfort, You know, with, with, with the, with what said individual? I'm, I'm, I'm one of the few, is it vert? Is that what it's called? Vert. Vert. Introvert. Introvert. Introvert. No, I'm the Opposite. Introvert is an you an extrovert. Yeah. You're outgoing. Yeah. I'm, I'm talking about. So period. I mean, people in chat, if you've met me before, you already know I'm, I'm, I'm hugging. I'm acting like I know you. 30, 20 years ain't never met you a day in my life. I'm, I'm extremely outgoing. Have a huge personality.


So for me, ah, man, I met, I met my happy place, man. All the, all the time. Especially, especially with my, my baby. I'm the most outgoing introvert you're gonna ever meet. Right. I'm, I understand that, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Ocho when I, when I, if I'm in a public event and I'm talking, I'm going from place to place Ocho. When I get home, it's like I play the game. Ja. Exhausted. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm spent, I mean, it's all I can do to take my shoes off, to take my clothes off, to hang them up, put 'em in the laundry. Yeah. I'm exhausted.


I And you, I'm on a plane, Ocho And I catch people. They're recording me. I'm like, bro, Hey. Yeah. I, I I Ocho they ask me talking about, is that a problem? Right? I'm like, really? Hey, Really? If, if you didn't think it was a problem, you would've asked me could I take a picture? That's not what you did. Hey, I play into it. Yeah. I catch and record me. I'm gonna play into it. I'm gonna walk up on you, tell you, turn the camera around and make a whole video. We gonna make a video together. See, I I I play into stuff like that instead of, I mean, you And I, we, we, we, we handle conflict and whole situations completely different.


But You know, You know, the thing is, I I I think you just, You know, you, I I've learned to accept it that this is a part of it. Now I've learned to accept a lot of things that people are gonna have a, I I'm gonna be the top of a conversation. Yeah. And you just deal with it. Just deal with it. I, I, I know now ocho what to respond to and what, what not to respond to. And people want me to respond. They want to get into a verbal back and forth. I'm done with it. I'm done with it. Because guess what O Joe, you see that light?


Yeah. What's behind us? All that stuff that they say about me. It ain't stopped. Not one sponsor. Guess what, Jordan came here measured. We got another sponsor. We're gonna have a light on for that too. Hey, you gonna send me one? Not if you don't turn it on. Why? I'm gonna send you one. You don't turn that one on. You gotta tell me. Hold on, let me, let me know before I do the measurements tomorrow. I'm putting everything up. Hey, this, this apartment is empty. Ain't nothing here. I left this here because I still have my internet. My internet gonna be tomorrow. How much space I need to put between the sponsors so I can, so I can measure tomorrow. I, I don't know. I mean, Jo Jordan, Jordan just measured mine. We'll see, hold on. I need how big it is. Will You Know, I need to know how many words are in it so I can have everything Perfect.


I got a big space, so I have all the Sponsors. But you don't but her Ocho you don't know the space that you're gonna have that you're gonna have the night camp sign. No, I do. It's huge. Huh? You gotta see, you gotta see my new game room, huh? You gonna love it. Hey y'all, you and Ash and Jordan. Y'all gotta come down here and visit. I'm gonna cook for y'all. Oh no. I'm good honey. And so that, that's the thing. And you, I I, I just learned And I had to learn the hard way going back and forth with people and they got more out of that than I did. So now I just let it go. Well, you, you let yours go. I'm firing back. When somebody say something to me, You go right ahead because guess what?


This side Yeah. And all and, and the sponsor then the, the appetizers, they not stopped. Oh yeah. They Have a stop. Ain't gonna never stop. Can't stop. Won't stop. Alright. It's time to welcome in Atlanta. Native multi-talented comedian, actor, entertainer, all things Atlanta. Here he is. Woody Doo Fox, DC Hey, what's that? Oh. Oh, you got a th your head shaped like a th your ass. Hey, well, your head, your head, your head look like a, like a, like a razor. Why you be lying before talking about your diamonds ain't real. You know your shit real. He know, he know ain't real. They not, he not going to no baby block though, bro. Hey, hey, hey DC Lemme tell you something, boy, I've never had the opportunity to tell you boy in person, but I'm gonna tell you right now in front of the world, boy, boy, love And I sal you well, I appreciate og, but hey boy, I love And I salute you.


Boy, it's a pleasure to have those. Love baby man. It's an honor, man. You a OG in my book, man. Both y'all, You know what's up. Yes sir. No. Yeah, sir. DC Young Fly, he's host of Hawk. Yes, sir. Af and he's here. And we have an announcement to make. Shehe Media is partnering with Atlanta Hawks and bringing DC's popular show you did she, Shea Media, DC Hey man, I appreciate you. Let's go. Hey, tell us more about the show that you, that you're gonna be Man, Haws man. You dig what I'm saying? Like, I, I done, I done became like a pioneer for the Hawks. And especially like with, with the city of Atlanta, just by showing support, man, I always said that I wanted to be like the Spike League of Atlanta.


You feel what I'm saying? So I kind of like talked, I, I, I talked Yes. Fruition. You feel what I'm saying? Like basketball with my first love and a lot of people don't understand like, what, what, what You don't understand what you really first fell in love with. You feel what I'm saying? So basketball was my first love, so I know what I'm talking about. And I've been in they shoes. So I just be wanting to place the, You know what I'm saying? Bring that, that dog, that dog feeling. As long as you got that dog, you gonna be all right. But I'm bridging the gap from the city and the Hawks Man. And the Hawks is really like one of the major teams that really be diving into the community. So they been rocking with me. So we, we, we locked and loaded. We got crazy interviews, man. We got Dominique on that thing. You dig what I'm saying? We got Mariah scientist on that thing. Who?


Whoever we got, we got D two. My boy ey on that thing, you feel me? And, and it's, and it's a good opportunity to see the people that you love. You know what I'm saying? In a brighter light, in a, in kind of like in a normal space. Like y'all, like nobody knew that y'all had this personality until you able to, to show 'em. You feel me? So it it attract more people that just like you and it attract people who already been rocking with you. Especially with y'all career. So, You know, Hawks af Man, we going crazy baby. I am the energy coach baby. Yeah. Hey, listen, I like that. Now listen, I'm, I'ma throw, I'm, I'm gonna throw my, I'm gonna throw my foot in the pot already, You know? So since you, since you're a part of that, Shea Media, Atlanta Hawks. Now how do I go about getting tickets and sit courtside in Atlanta?


I don't come to Atlanta often, but if you can get me tickets to sit courtside, I'll come out there and really enjoy some basketball and sit there with you man. We could talk and talk. See, this is what I'm saying. I will definitely get you with me. I will give you my tickets. See, I be talking to them. Right. This is what I'm trying to tell them. Right. It's real estate on that court. They don't care if you work for them or not. That's real estate. Right? Right. Them seats got to be sold, man. Sold, sold. You feel what I'm saying? That's how the players getting, they salary them seats. Yes. I like, I like Oh, Oh, oh, okay. Oh, say Now. You making sense. You did listen. Hey, I'm, listen, I'm picking up what you put down. You did. That's what I'm trying to tell you now. Okay. I'm dying there for a reason now.


Hey, how you doing? My name DC Young DC Yes sir. Atlanta is very unique because people that look like you And I. Yes sir. We show up for the Falcon. Yes sir. And we show up for the Hawks and that thing be live. Yes sir. Sir, it's not like any other city, sir. They a lot of other cities, but ain't nothing like a TL They turn up. Yeah, they do to support their hawk. They turn up to support their, the Falcons. Hey, I heard Dr. Sock. We already, we so good. Listen. Yeah, we simplify and them, them gang be tur all the Mexican be all them Hispanic. Be in that link.


I heard Ho. Hold on, hold on. Yes sir. You Huh? What I told you about when I go, when to go watch the WNB team, when I'm watch the dream, we, we be talking this, we, we support everybody. Man. Listen, I ain't, I have, that was my first time going to a game. So I didn't know what to expect. You know, everybody making fun of the WW afraid or they doing all this talking about, I ain't never seen no atmosphere like that nigga from start, from start to finish. They was qua. They just rocking when it was, when it was, when it, when it was a timeout, it was a club. It was a eight and a halftime be lit. You feel me? Forget what IG he going crazy too, the sky off. But I told, I told one wonderful player, man dropped 40. He looked at me and dropped 42.


I see. See that's what I like it. I like it. And the relationship and, and the relationship DC Yes sir. You have with the players. I mean, I see And I see those guys in the relationship and the relationship that you guys have with the Balkins player. Hell, The brains game. You know what it is though? Y'all are talented. You know what I'm saying? Y'all got a, a natural God gift that, that he blessed y'all with. Sometime them players don't be having no support down there. Man. Nobody be coming to that game. Still at that level. Ain't nobody coming to see them play. Right. You feel me? So when they really have somebody there that really like got their best interest, where it be like, look, I'm gonna never say like, what you bad at?


I'm gonna only say, look, this can be tweaked And you a dog in this era, this area right here. Don't, don't, don't, don't get in your head. Long as you be a dog, you gonna be great. Especially at this level. Y'all done, y'all done been to the NFL only dog. Y'all some dogs, You know, a dog when you see one, that's why y'all talk. Y'all talk every time you get a chance. Absolutely. But it's like, if you don't have that, that dog feeling, bro, you'll just get, you'll fall to the waist. You'll be like me. Yeah. Don't be over here with me. I'm just trying to get, I'm trying to keep you from being over here with me. Right. But listen, ID see, what do you expect from the Hawks in the play tournament? You guys are solidified. You're in the playing tournament And you need to o obviously a, it's not that the season didn't go the way you had hope, hope you'd be in the, in the playoffs and not have to be in the playoffs.


Right. But here you are. What do I feel like we gonna be, we gonna dominate. We gonna dominate And we gonna dominate. You know, we gonna dominate because I'm gonna be there. We gotta we just gotta play hard and play smart. You feel what I'm saying? Like, we got a lot of talent on our team. You feel what I'm saying? And when you put a lot of, You know what I'm saying, good Skittles in one bag is hard to pick one out. You see what I'm saying? Right. So it's kind of like you gotta you gotta pace yourself out. You feel, man, we got a great team And we got a high energy team too. So we gotta know how to use that energy from the first quarter all the way through. Yeah. So listen, that's one question from about the Hawks, but I'm gonna talk about your Falcons. You've been riding with the Falcons forever.


Honestly, I don't want to know what's your honest take on the new era and are you rocking with the new young quarterback? I moj cried, man. You Hey man. Listen, I'm a real ladder fan, bro. I'm still messed up by can I cuss on y'all show? Is this Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, You know, I ain't curse heartfelt. I'm messed up still from the Super Bowl. What, the 20? And you gotta repeat it though, bro. Well, I'm, that's, I'm, I'm just saying that's, that's, that's a don't do that. I don't, don't do that. My bad, my bad. Listen, I, You know what, I'm a f fan to the heart. I'm a F fan to the heart, but I'm one of them real Atlanta, Atlanta a aliens where it's like, you got to show me that y'all wanna play for the city.


Right? Because now it's politics in its business. I just can't come. I just can't come And I don't know what I'm about to get. Right. At least I know with the Hawk, them boys can go out there and play hard. The soccer team, they gonna go out there and win a championship. The Braves, they going go out there and they going to hit some home runs. You go to a fo game, you be like, man, so it's, it's, You know. But I know we gonna be good. I feel like with our new quarterback, we starting to kick back into our rhythm. I think we been outta our rhythm ever since the Super Bowl. Like we just been, we, we ain't have, we ain't had a rhythm. I think we got the rhythm now. I think we got it. Yeah. Y'all, y'all gonna be, but y'all a a DC y'all be crunk up at a, in the Mercedes because people ain't got nowhere to go.


Ain't got nowhere to go. No game. But y'all going, they just know niggas over there playing football. They like, look, we gonna pull up. It's gonna be a game. But we didn't go. We, Hey listen. Hey, You know what, it's, it is dope. It is dope obviously being from Atlanta. And I can hear the passion and and enthusiasm that you had for all your sports, sports there, sir. Whether it be football, whether it be soccer, whether Yes sir. Basketball. So let's go You as a athlete. Yes sir. If you could pick one sport, if you could do it all over again, you could pick one sport outta the three that you can play and actually make it as an elite athlete, what would it be and what position would you play baseball?


'cause I played it the longest, but I wait, I played baseball wheel to the 11th grade outfielder. I, you try to run on me, I play right field. I gun you down. I mean, I can't say that I meant hold ball fast on, hold on. I mean, throw the ball fast. Yeah, I know. I was a five, I was a five two in high school. What you talking about? I don't care about none of that. You gotta, you can get you little jump get little jump. You gonna hear the ball, the ball. You already know what that means. You already know what the, you hear the ball boy hit the man you like oh that. But I, I go with, I go with basketball because it's, it's, it's easy to, I wouldn't say easy if you just get one time, you get on ES, espn, you gotta know how to capitalize out there.


Right. You, you, you one of them. Everybody just think it's only one LeBron. No, it's so many people in the NBA. If you want a name, all you need to do is act like you want a name, do something. You feel me? Russell Westbrook my favorite player because he just got that aggression. He got that dog in him. If, if folk play like Russell, oh man, how you feel about the NBA without these calls and they can't even really play. How can they let 'em fight? They let 'em, they let 'em go to timeout, come back. What going on, bro? What we doing in basketball, man? Not, they, they, they did away with that. The, the fans was turned off about that fight like they used to have in the seventies and the eighties.


And even in the nineties, hey, they started say enough of this, they Could go, they could go skate, they can go skate, knock tfi, all that. The rough get out the way we go here, we can't even get a file. This And plus DC you making 50, $60 million. I ain't finna get none of that back by. And you not 50 send me down for 20, 30 games. It take $15 million, 75,000 for a fine. Yeah, Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh no, you got 75,000 for a gesture. You throw a punch. Hey, you might get to go sit down two games. That's three. See? But then they don't understand, like, these are men, these are grown men. These folk got testosterone, these folk playing with aggression.


How do you want these folk to play? If I dunk on you? Right, I'm not going straight back. I'm looking for your mother. I'm like, who raised this? Put this all funny game though. We gonna go to the barbecue and everything, but I gotta talk my shit. Listen, you, you gotta, you gotta do it in structured manner. I call it control. Chaos. I control, I call it control chaos. The, the better you are to be able to control yourself, but still be, still be chaotic within the parameters of the game and the rules of the game, then you'll be all right. Once you, once you push the envelope and, and step across that line, they gonna take your money every time.


But, but do they not understand that even that part of aggression though, it makes the players better because it's like, I want you to be great because if you come out here on your A game And I ain't playing, well that mean you got the best of me today. That mean I gotta go work on something. Yeah. But if I'm always good, I don't know how great I really am. But, but DC You know how it is, how we are. Even if we have not playing anything. You keep getting in my face if you get the best of me. I see. But That's says you gotta have control. You can't get mad because you have no Back. Okay. Oh no, you ain't finna keep getting in my face. You just gotta know how to talk smack. You gotta be a better smack talker. That's it.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me and why the Florida Gators won first, played a great second half and competed at a high level. The second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior bacon cheeseburger or $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around.


It gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Or you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details. Smart fans know sports is just a metaphor for life. And in the game of life, confidence is everything I'm talking about.


Confident Clean you get with wet extra large dude wipes Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down wetter just cleans better. No irritations, no dingleberries, no debris. And they come in different pack sizes, including on-the-go single pack wipes that you can take wherever you go. For a home field advantage, dual wipes comes in a variety of scents and sensations like mint chill and shea butter. So don't fumble the ball with tp. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and start using dude wipes. The MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes bed clean pants down As That's all it is.


You see what happened? Think about it. Even when we were in school And we was raging, if you laugh too much, you got swung on. Not, but see, sometime when you laughing about the joke he Bring you in, he Bring you In. Y hey I, I got, I got a good one for you. Mount Rushmore. I'm not even Finn. Ask you about rappers most of the time they always about the Mount Rushmore, Atlanta rappers. I wanna know Julio, Mount Rushmore, four of Atlanta athletes. Atlanta athletes. Now I'm, I'm, I'm gonna give you one, I'm gonna give you one I, You know, say his name anyway. Julio Jones. He not my number one.


No, I have to go with Dick is crazy about Big. Oh, we number One big. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, Mike. Okay. You right Boy that bitch. Listen. Yeah, all we did is Mike, to this day, we just want Mike Vic. Yeah, Mike, Nick. Okay, gotta go. We did Dion. Oh, that's wrong. Saying I'm like that with Dion. Yeah. Was in Atlanta with I gotta go with Do me That's three. Hold on. You gotta choose Careful.


You gotta choose. But you ain't Choose carefully. Here I go. Here I go. Who? You last one. Oh. Oh. I gotta go with, I gotta go with, it's only, it's only one left. I gotta go with Triple Jones. Man, you aint taking Triple Jones. That's all my lead og That that, yeah. Hey, I Don't care that my DC this gonna talk about somebody. This thing got sample hundred. Why Home Run. You gonna talk about Chipper And I, I, Hey, hey. How you, how you supposed to remember?


I'm trying to tell you Handicap. Oh hey what about all that? Hank Aren, BMW and all the damn shop Hank got over there Would be, it would be Julio though. Okay. It definitely would be Julio at, he, he deserving of, of of, we going ask. He got with the, Greg got, he got know Who whatever before. You know what I'm saying? You def but I definitely want Andrew Jones. But You know Chipper with my, chipper with my dog. Hmm. I like it. Oh, chipper. I mean, look, they love, they love, Hey, I'm sur surprised. Hey, well theoretically he, if if we'd have said Georgia Athletes, I know you for hers. I remember her. You remember her? You know what, You know Brian Davis, Brian Davis, they play for us.


I'm a black man, boy home man. Who, who that Raven play for. The Ravens play for Raven. Man, boy home man. What position Ray Lewis roll. Ray Ray playing Don't die. You talking about he Ain't from no wood. He ain't that just a hood story.


He from right Ray from right here in Lakeland. Andry from right out here. No Prime came up here and got, You know, prime did what he supposed to do. And See you ain't even put Holy Phil up there. How you leave? Holy, I Wouldn't even think about Holy Field og. I dope. I gotta run it back then. Who you gonna take off? Who want take Timble? Timble gotta go. Why fuck with you? Gotta go on. Yeah, man, You got Chap did his thing man.


Well I appreciate y'all boy. Hey DC lemme ask you a question. You got into the, the comedic space. Who was putting your influences, your style that you, that you Like? You know what? I kind like your style. I see if I can incorporate it. It's not really just incorporating. It's like when you, when you a student and it's just like when you playing football, man, y'all got people to make sure that your techniques are on point. Y'all got people that you gotta run through drills. You got to go through the courses to make sure you fi So it's just like people like Mike Kepp, man, he teach me about longevity. You feel me? When you watch and study somebody like that, you like, nah, that's naturally funny. That's longevity. So one thing you wanna do is just go up there and have fun and, and look how long you can do it fool.


Learn that from him. Yeah. And then you got people like Kat, You know what I'm saying? You like, okay, that's wrong. You feel me? You don't wanna switch up. You, you want, you want to, if you want to go for what You know, go for what You know. Then you got people like Dave who got a pen, you feel me? He don't let nothing go to waste. Yeah. He don't let nothing go. He gonna pin it up. See what I'm saying? You got people like, you got some ladies, man, you got ladies like Dominique. Like don't, don't don't. She'll come on the stage And you Lavelle Crawford. So it's, it's, it's just, I'm, I'm just a student of the game, man. You know, I like to see why people are funny. Like that's when I look at, when I look at other comics, I be like, I, I wonder why people like them. And then when you just listen to it, you just be like, that's just them.


And you just gotta find you. When you realize that you just gotta find you. The more you on stage, you'll just find you. The word on the street is that Warner Brothers Green Lit Friday. It's the last Friday in the installment. Come on Smokey. And you, I come from the good. You just can't be lying to me. You can't be lying to me like that. Just though, what if I would've never been working And I would've just been waking it, but I'm like, hey, but You know, they about to put me in last to move. Now what if it don't happen? I gotta keep working. But what we can do is create a whole nother chemistry with certain actors and actresses.


You see what I'm saying? So it like what we looking for the name or you want the actors or actresses? I, we would hope that it would come back. But what if it don't come back y'all? Well do that mean that we stopped creating? Do that mean we don't make a movie? No. Do that mean me And you can't be in a movie or it had to be Friday, let do it the day after Thursday. Hell, hell supposed we Wednesday. They'll get it. Get it. You feel me? But I, I hope it, I hope it's in the midst. You know what I'm saying? I hope it's in the worse. But people don't understand like when you dealing with big entities like that, that it's like real estate. If it's six people on this particular, You know what I'm saying?


Ip, it can't nothing get sold or get cleared to all six of 'em on the same page. Oh yeah. You feel me? Right. Yeah. What DC what you got coming up next? What, what, What's on man? MO 85 South. You dig what I'm saying? Mo movies, mo tv shows. We in the executive bad man. You know what I'm saying? I'm starting to incorporate people that I find funny. You know what I'm saying? Like Jack, like jack funny money back mafia. Dig what I'm saying? It's a, it's a lot of people that's out there. You know, my boy Blake, the great you dig us 2,500. We just, we just trying to figure out like how do I incorporate my people and continue to grow and just continue to just, You know what I'm saying?


Creating a space man. You know what I'm saying? Because when you an executive, you gotta understand where you playing at in this game. You gotta know what type of player you is in this game, right? Sometimes you be selling to the wrong people. Right Now, I just heard you, I just heard you mention some people that you felt was funny. And the funny thing about it is you didn't really mention my name. I ain't know you be doing no funny, you funny ocho, you funny looking, but I don't Know. Hey, why, why he's so Dogg with a black backdrop. Why You do that? Like, hey, What Black Shade. I told him to cut his light on. I got black shade. Listen, be Super dog with a, with a, with a black backdrop.


But I, I'm, I'm trying to talk business. I don't wanna roast. We, I go you at the end of the show right now. I'm talking about being, I'm, I'm talking about, I'm trying to, I'm trying to jump on the bandwagon now. I'm trying to do some comedy too. Not thing I can, I can, Huh? You want me to turn the light on And we can't see to You? Damn that that's, that's, that's messed up. Yeah, you should have your light on. Light in. They paying us a lot of money to have the damn light on. You got the light off. It's, It's it, Hey listen, isn't like your head That light. They don't, it don't Even look. Hey, You know Unc, I gotta pay electricity bill. That should be sky high. I know they paying. Who's paying for it?


Huh? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Boo's Paying electric Ironic too. I'm I'ma I'm gonna plug that thing in. Hey, hold on. What's up T So when, when, when we going on, we, I can do stand up too, man. Ain't you supposed to be fighting somebody? I'm, I'm gonna that in the As. Don't worry about that, but I wanna do some standup ass all over play. You need to focus on something. What you wanna do, man. You wanna be a, a, a boxer. Hey, listen. Or you wanna do standup? Listen, boxer, comedian, I do standup soccer, football. Now you do something tv I had did podcast. Now you do one thing about stand up. Gotta page G.


That's, that's easy. That's not easy. I do that. Why? Why, why? People think it's easy. That's not easy. Hold on, hold on. Listen. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Stay state me real quick. At the improv, You know Mark Dixon, right? Ben Brown, right? When they had the improv on Tuesdays, while I was in the league during the off season, I never missed the improv on you was going up when the first, when the first comment got booed. Who you think it finished when it went up there and finished the set? Fuck you man. Ask Benji Brown and, and Martin Dixie about me born on stage. What? What? You happy somebody out or you was going on stage? No, no, no, no, no. What I, what? I I'm funny boy. Why you always think I went to the principal office in high school? They ain't know if you went to the school or not.


Nah. Oh, You know. Hey, I was back there in the bungalow. Now I was back there in the bungalow. I'll tell, I'll tell You know, Hey, hey. His school, his school was transportable. You drive around, they could drive to McDonald's. They driving up trip, the whole school, You know, extra ball to the school. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He taking class over in the trailer. Hey. Oh. Oh. But y'all shout out. Go ahead. Hey, all episodes of Hawks and Friends are currently on Nightcap U YouTube homepage, including the latest episode that just dropped Dyson Daniels, I can't even pronounce this.


Don't get 'em right. Don't get 'em wrong. O Con Ocon. Yeah, the Con Building chemistry, locker room music and nicknames. Man, appreciate y'all, bro. Thanks for bringing your show to Shaha Media. We gonna blow this thing outta the water. Thank you sir. And Atlanta Hawks. We gonna have a press release tomorrow because I, that showed that the Hawks have a lot of confidence in us. Oh yeah. Shaha Media, most definitely. And what we've been able to be able a very short period of time. Love, Brother. We family now baby, we won't let you down, bro. Appreciate it. Yes sir. Hey, double Ute Black, y'all man, anytime y'all need me, boy, You know what's happening. Alright. That's what that what feels, bro. We'll get at you. The


Volume Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details,


Some stands for so others Mighty And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.