
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet, because Summer doesn't stop In Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox centa smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox sativa's powerful, clean, and refreshing sense can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous cent at a nearby retail store.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply


When you pull up to game Night in the all new Camry. But it's actually bingo night mini four team Mini golf, Anyone. It's a Camry vibe. The all new all hybrid Camry. Toyota. Let's go places the Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions. Terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us again for Nightcap Olympic style. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. The guy in your top left. He's your favorite number 85. He's the route runner extraordinaire. The binga ring of Fame honoree. The legendary, the pro bowler, the all pro. Y'all know him from Liberty City way by way of Samo Juco. Wait one more. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Hold on one more thing. And don't forget the only man, the only man in high school that run a 42 and the 400. But go ahead. The only man in high school run a 42 and the four Oh, The guy at the bottom of the screen. Y'all see it right there? That's the gold medal winning 400 meters.


He just ran the second fastest time in Olympic history. He won the gold, put us back on top of the podium. Yes sir. For the first time in the 400 meters to since 2008. That is Quincy Hall. Yes sir. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Guys, go make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber counts. This is how you've helped us. Make it to the top of the chart. Make sure you check out my Shea by la Porter. We have it in stock, so please make sure you go, if we don't have it in a city near you, order it and get it shipped right to your door. Please make sure you go, go follow my media company page on all platforms that she, Shea Media and my clothing company.


84, that's 84 spelled out the link is pinned at the top of the chat. We have a very special interview later tonight with Nigel Houston. But first we're joined by, you heard me say it earlier, 400 meter gold medalist. Yeah. Quincy Hall. Yeah. That dog. Yeah. Quin. What's up Bro? That dog. You see what I'm saying? That dog man. That's What it, that's what's That? Yeah, I'm, I'm listen con First off, Unc, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you go. You know, though, we got some unfinished business. Me and Q you know, we've been talking, going back and forth on Twitter, whatnot. You know, congratulations for one Quincy. Let's, let's, let's get into the, that 400 meter. We gonna talk about the men's and the women.


Yeah. Let's get to the men first. The 400 meters. Yeah. And Chris Bailey, you, you had, it was reported that you're dealing with a little hamstring issue or a leg issue. Yeah. And you weren't able to run, so they led off with Chris Bailey who handed the Vernon Norwood. Bryce Devon and Rod Benjamin. And if Vernon Norwood, he's had an unbelievable, because he's ran extremely well and the mixed doubles. And yesterday he ran us back into qualifications. Yeah. Running 43 5. Yeah. Today he split another one. But it came down to that ankle leg and you know, you got be a boy dog and stand tall on that ankle equipment. You got Les Tobo less to Bogo Bogo who run low 44.


And you got Rod Benjamin, the reigning Olympic champ at four Oh at the hurdles when they got baton. Tell me what would've been your strategy and what did you like about how Ry played it? Nah, Rod played it smooth. Man. Rod knows that Tobo is a quicker running, so Toboo can't really like trail him as much, but if I, if I was Ry, I would've took him out a little bit faster and made him chase a little harder. But Rod played it smart man. Rod, rod had a long week. Rod Rod's Olympic champion. So Rod played it smart and if, if Toboo would've tried him, I feel like Rod would've ran a little faster. But yeah, no, rod played it real smart. Rod, rod Rod's a good dude. I thought Rod didn't step on the gas because he wanted to make sure he has something left at the end.


Because Toboo ran the third flash fastest split that's ever been run. He ran 43 0 3. Ry ran 41 43 1 3, which is the fifth fastest. Only two many have ever run sub split 43, obviously that's Michael Johnson, Jeremy Warner to Bogle has the third in the 92 Olympic Quincy Watts ran a 41 1 in 43. I keep saying 41 ran 43 1 and then ride today. Yeah. So what we saw today, it doesn't normally come down like this. Yeah. But boy, that, that's what we want to see. 'cause normally we just run away with the thing Q Yeah, We always, yeah, we just run away with it. But I, I kind of seen it from the, from the prelims and then from the, from the go the gun that Basa got a good team.


You know what I mean? It's, it's, it's just not, uss got some dogs, Botswana got a strong team in, they got like five, six guys that can run 44 men and 44 meg translates to 43 in a split. So nah, we knew Botswana was gonna be strong and stuff like that, but without me being on the relay, I knew we could win it just because we got some dogs too. I mean, I know Quincy Wilson, he split 47, but it's his first time being out here on the global stage. And yeah, like I said, he's been dealing with some hamstring injury too. But it's, it's just, like I say, it's a learning experience. But any, any team we put out there, I have my money on our team. Dude, you do know if y'all, if you run on that relay, y'all, that royal record might be 2 53. Yeah.


You know That, right? Yeah. I been, you know that, right? I've been seeing a lot of comments about it, but I don't like to think of the woulda, coulda, shoulda, because I'm not that type of guy. I'm a, I'm a what happened, you know what I mean? So, right. I I, I don't like to put myself, it's not about me right now. It's about those them four guys that step on the line and, and ran that race and won it. So it's not about me. I run, I won a four. Oh yeah, that's cool. But I didn't step out today because I didn't feel, I didn't feel comfortable with my hamstring. I didn't wanna, I didn't wanna be tight or like have to stop running and prevent USA from being a gold medal. So that was just a business move and just a being, being a bigger person, being a good teammate. Right. I'm curious, how did you, we saw the 400. Yeah. We saw coming off that last curve where you are, forget that part.


I need to know, how did you mentally prepare for the pressure of competing on the world's biggest stage? I, I, I just wanna know that first then we'll get to the, to the race and the end results. Well, like I said, man, I don't, I don't, I don't really like talking about track. I don't really like talking like that. But I consider myself like being one of the mentally strongest persons out there and Yeah. Yeah. I don't think there's no, I don't think there's no pressure on me. Like every time I go out there, it's like me racing in the small me to somebody else. I don't really, I don't feel no pressure like the other guys, I don't know about the mother. They feel, I don't feel no pressure. All I feel is that I practice by myself. So when I'm out there and I'm out there grinding, I'm out there doing my, my my my meters and I'm out doing my heels and all of that stuff and my junk.


I just feel like if I'm out there by myself, because my coach is all in California, s Allen and I'm out there by myself. So when I'm out there just putting in my work and doing my grind, I'm out there telling myself like, come on Q, let's go. You know, you gotta get up, let's go. So if I don't want it myself, then nobody else gonna want it for me. So it's not really a mental standpoint, it's just me, man. I got bills to pay, you know what I mean? I got daughters to feed and I, you know, I'm just keeping, I'm just keeping it real with you. I mean, yeah. Yeah. I look it as like, as a bills every due on the first. So I, I pick myself up. I tell myself, let's do it. I encourage myself. You can't encourage yourself. Nobody else can encourage for you. So it's not really a mental standpoint on how I can get myself ready. It's just that doll mentality, you know what I mean? You gotta you gotta run it yourself, man. Yeah. Well You built different boy, Built different.


Yeah. Nah, you, I mean it's not, it's not just me out here built different, you gotta train yourself to, you know, train yourself to be like that. Because Yeah, when you out there Chad or you out there on that football field, your coach can tell you everything and teach you everything. But when you out there, you gotta do it. Yeah. It ain't no, it ain't no, it ain't no coach telling me in my ear that he making me do nothing. You gotta do that yourself. Right. You too, Shannon. You know what I mean? Y'all know how it's, Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, yeah. When we break down, this women four by four shair little, she's had an outstanding Olympics. She's run mid, she's run nothing but 40 nines in the mixed relays. And she shows she deserved to have a leg in the finals of the four by four. She passed it to Sid. And I think the strategy was, they know Sid, when she normally runs, she normally splits in the, the high 40 sevens.


So she, they're looking for her to blow it open. Yeah. And so it's not gonna be a race because they can't, nobody else can try to, what we can try out, they put Gabby, who's a low 49, she can run mid 46. So that means it gonna translate. She's gonna be low 49, maybe even high 48 in a split. Yeah. Alexis Holmes, Alexa Holmes, she got what, fifth or sixth in, in the open? Yeah, she split 48. So now there's like, I was thinking man put on anchor, but as they, as they was lining up, I can see they're looking for her to blow this thing open. Okay. Because once she blows it open, it's Over. So I seen why they did that. 'cause last year, if you seen, we had some exchange on issues in Budapest and Right.


I think we ran out the exchange on And. we got disqualified. So making sure we, we had a relay meeting earlier this week where we wanted to, every relay, we wanna put the next runner out out wise so we could just run freely, you know what I mean? If we run freely, we don't have to worry about exchange zone. We don't have to worry about time drops, we don't have to worry about nothing Close line finishes. So no, we said that, we said that I feel like our coaches set it up everything right for us to just run freely, you know what I mean? Just be us. Everybody run fast and run freely. And I think both of 'em got Olympic records. I know the men's did for sure. I think the women's got Olympic record or it was close to American record. No, The no, they, they got the American record. Yeah. Yeah. The Olympic record remember and sold the Soviet, they beat the Americans and sold when they, when those, they had two 400 meter finals and the, and the, they had the gold medalists that ran on the relay split for the Soviets and the, the 400 meter winner winner that ran on there.


And they, they ran three 15, I think three 15, like 14 to 3 15, 15, something like that. Yeah. Yeah. But they were close. Yeah. If Sid, if had Sid had someone to push her. Yeah. Yeah. She, She split sub 48 by Herself. By herself. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I be, she would book it, But I feel like, I feel like you put her on anchor, you know, the other girls would've opened it up even more because you can't really match our dip in the four. Oh. You know, we got quarter horses, man, everybody in our like can, so yeah. I, I don't think he really match USA as a, as a whole. We, we were talking about, lemme lemme ask you get your, because I talked to Michael about this and I, who I, I talked to some, I, I talked to, to Gabby Thomas.


But I've talked to a lot of people and tell me what you think about this. I think Bobby is gonna take, going to take Sid and she's gonna run the world that's gonna be in Tokyo in 25. And then I think she's gonna be done with that and she's gonna transition to the open four. Yeah. And I think, and and either she's gonna do a double double with the four four, the hurdles and the open. Or she's just gonna run the open four and try to go, try to go dip under, try to win a gold medal and dip up under 48 seconds. What you think, Man, I mean the thing about it is that's gonna be tough to do, but I think she could do it. Man. One thing about Sydney is I seen her this week, last week and I'm like, Sydney, like do you ever have fun?


Do you smile or anything? She just like working like this real, this real, she can quote me on this. I said, do you ever have fun? She just told me when I step on this track, it's all business. Like I'm thinking I'm more business. But she told me I'm all business. Like I have fun, but it's not, it's not around here. So yeah, I mean like I feel like she got the mentality track is normally 75% mental, you know what I mean? So if you got yourself mentally right, and then physically, you know, physically your coach is gonna have you there. So I think she can do it, man. It's gonna be tough. You know what I mean? It is, it's how much she can relax during the rounds before she gotta actually have to compete in the finals. Right. So I feel like she could do it. I mean if they coach has something to do it, it's gonna be, it's gonna be one hell of a training session.


You know, one of a hell of a hell of a fall. But I think she can do it. If anybody can do it, it's gonna be Sydney Because splitting 48, 75, I mean she's running 48 75. She's run 2207, which is like the eighth and ninth fastest time run by a female at 200 meters. Yes. And she's got like the fourth or fifth fastest time in the open fourth this year. And she's a hurdler. Yeah. I ain't no question in my mind, I think with Bobby Ey as her coach. Yeah. And her training. I think she'll be the only person that I think, and I saw you saw Paulino. Yeah. She ran 48 17, which is Olympic record, broke the record by Marie Perca, France of 48, 25. I think s can do it. Q That's the, that's the event. That's gonna be the toughest. The hurdles are not gonna be bad for her.


'cause she, you see she's dominating her. She's the creator hurdle four hurdles. But I feel like that 400 is going to get to her because when you get to that final, there ain't no chilling. You got Paulina, you got the girl and you got the girl from Jamaica. She didn't show up well this time. But the girl from Jamaica, she can run 48, 47 lo mean 48 lowish. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Price. Because she had a long season. Yeah. She remember she ran, she had a long season in college. So she ain't have no zap The lady, the lady from Poland. Yeah. She went for, I mean Bronze Mells went 48 98. Yeah. That would've won every Olympics. Yeah. For, for the women. Yeah. With the exception of the one that correct one everything.


But if the schedule, if the schedule, if the schedule set up like this, right where she has the 401st, where she has to put all her all in first and then she can relax to four hurdles, that would be her best bet. But if FK, if 5k doesn't run the rounds of the four oh oh hurdles, meaning the four by four mix relay, then Fmk might be a little fresher and you know what I mean? So I really can't call it. But I feel like, like I said, if anybody can be fifth four, it's gonna be, it's gonna be Sydney, but the 400 gonna be that four Oh. Gonna be a challenge. And then bounce back around to four Oh hurdles, three rounds. Go ahead, Ocho. Listen, I'm ready for our race. Unc. Come on man. I'm, I'm ready. Real Unc, I'm, I'm just, I'm just, I'm being honest. I'm, I'm ready for our race Man. You gonna need, you gonna need about 10 months of training.


I don't Need no man. Listen, I ain't, hold on. Hold, hold on, hold on. Listen, you inspired me so much right after you ran, right after you inspired me so much after you ran, I wanted, I wanna see where I'm at. When we went at it on Twitter, you know, we went back and forth. Eli Quay, whatever. I went out there the next day and I ran boom. I was in some Levi's, I was in some Levi's. 'cause that's all I had at the time. And I had my daughter Tammy. So boom, I did the 400, you know, off of Wim, no training right now, you know. And I ran a, I ran a, a low, a low 45. So I'm like, okay, Check this out. Check this out. Heads up to your daughter. Your daughter what? Hell an athlete. I got my money on your daughter before I got my money on you.


I got on your daughter before I got money. I told that Last night. You think my, you think my daughter could beat Me? I'm not gonna bet on it, but I think your daughter could beat you. Nah. Oh, come on man. Come on man. Come on man. You got years on it, man. Listen, you been Too Hard. Listen, listen. You know you, you, you said you a dog. I'm a dog too. I, I been a dog. I know you a dog, but you gotta, you know, you gotta get the tric. You got a straight, you know You got bad. I done, I done, I done did all that. QI just, I ran a, I ran a 42 and a four in high school. Yeah. Yeah. Why this year?


Oh no, because my grandma, my grandma made me play football. My grandma, you gotta think, remember you, I think I was in high school. I was in high school in 86. So it really wasn't no money on that. So she said, So why Quincy got the national world record of high school? Oh. Because I had got thrown outta, I had got expelled. Right. So I get expelled, you know, all my records, all my records, everything went out the window. Yeah. But it is out there. Is that the as ass ass Not Well listen, listen, I told you, listen, I eat 30 meters. No, No, no, no. Don't cheat me. I don't need no 30 meters. Man. Ain't no cheat. It ain't no cheat. But listen, I ain't cocked, but you gotta, you talking to a little champion. So You got gold, you got gold, you got gold, you got Gold. I'm 30 Meters.


You right. And I'm gonna give you the hit. So I go off you whenever you take off, I take off right behind you. And when I rub that, when I rub that bowling ball, when I pass you Right. I don't, all I wanna hear is that, you know what I mean? So you really think you'll beat me though? Like honestly though, I, I don't think I know this is my job. That's like, that's like, that's like me saying I can cover you in your prime. I can't cover you, But I'm still in my prime. That's why I'm trying to understand why you think you beat me. Why? You see what I'm saying? You're right. You're right by that. You Right, right. This's what I do, that's what I do. I I just line it up. Just line it up. I'll Run you, I'll run you in the 200 because you can't run that mile. That's, You don't wanna do that. You don't wanna do that. Right. I'll Run in. Listen, I'll run you two.


Oh, And, we gonna do this, we gonna do three routes. Right. I cover you for three times. Okay? So if I beat you in the race, I'm gonna give you a chance to win your money back. Right. And them three routes. Okay? If I beat you, we gotta double up. If I beat you, then no. If you beat me there no money, but you not gonna beat two. Okay. Be so you first you Ain't gotta worry about that because it hamstrings gonna pop What I'm saying right here. Getting What, what what? I'm here like where, where I'm from. When somebody challenge you, like you just line it up. I'm ready. I brought my spikes with me to Vegas. You got to. Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm, But I'm saying, I'm saying I, I feel like you just talking. I'm, but you know about me man.


When I talk, I walk, man. When I talk, I Walk. I, you, I hope you do, but I'm just saying, this walk gonna be a long walk, man. That's what I'm saying. It's gonna be a long Walk man. All I can say is just line it up, line it up and that and that all you listen. And, and that's with all due respect to an Olympic champion. Respect. I don't even talk pr I'm gonna tell you that bro. I got, I got three track meets. Yeah. I'll probably be done at the end of like, probably September, end of September. I come out there to you. You ain't gotta do none of that. I come out there to you on my own dollar. Right, Right, right, right, right. And we put together, we gonna put the 200 together. Right? And, we gonna put the three routes you get three routes. That's it. Okay. You get, make sure you had the cameras. Can we film it? Because I don't want no excuses when I beat you in the tube.


If I, if we, if I, okay. So look, if I beat you, you gotta put some Adidas girl on Adidas. You see it? Alright. Be If I beat you. If I beat you, you gotta put some Adidas girl. And. we gonna, we gonna come up with a dollar amount that we think is comfortable. 25 grand. 25 grand. We can do it. Yeah, because you not gonna, you not gonna beat me in the 200. Man. It's too much horsepower under this hood, man. So then, then so then if I'm not gonna beat 200, I gotta 50. But I tell you what, I'm two, I'm gonna rub that bowling ball when I pass you. Nah, how you going pass me?


You not listen, you not able touch my shoulder. You not gonna be in arms reach, man. That is what I do, man. You know I ran, you know I ran into 200 man in high school. Lemme guess. 17. 17. Lemme start. Lemme start playing. Hey, But man Dog you, dog you wrong boy. You wrong man. I appreciate it. So I like this. You know what I mean? I, I like, I like I like it man. Q you finally got the man at the back of the top of the podium. And. if you go back, I mean we had won 400 in every Olympics we doing at 84 with neighbors. 88 with Steve Lewis. Quincy in 92, obviously Michael in 96 and 2000 you had Warner.


You had LaShawn Merrit. And so it's been a 16 years since we stood on top of the podium in the open 400. We've dominated that race. Yeah. You go back and look through history. We've do. That's our race. We own that race. Yeah. You are back. You brought us back. You brought us back to our glory. What is it like? Did you, did you know like, damn man, we hadn't, we, we, we got the best 400 meter runners as a whole. Yeah. In the world. And. we hadn't been on the top. We hadn't been the top dog in a minute. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No. Like I said, the last couple years you got Wade from South Africa, you got Stevie from Bahamas. So, I mean, and karate from Grenada. It is been hard for us to win, but we got the depth.


But just having that top dog, we haven't had that top dog in a minute. And I really, I really haven't like set the time to like look at like stats and stuff like that. Because when I'm not in track, I'm out fishing, I'm out riding my horses, I'm outm out, chilling man. Right? So I don't really watch track. I love track. 'cause I've been running Style five. I love track. I don't really watch it. But just seeing like when I got done and knowing the statistics behind everything and everything, it just, you know what I mean? I've been running all five. So everything really been put together and it's, it's been a lot of hard work. But nah, I, I'm proud of, you know, where I've been in bringing back goal home, the SA you know what I mean? That's live When now we, we were talking about this earlier. Here are the fastest splits ever run. Michael Johnson, 42 91 and Stu Guard that world championship you had Jeremy Warner and Osaka, the World Championship.


He ran 42 93 Quincy Watson on the Olympic team, that world record team, 43 10, rod Benjamin ran 43 1 3 in Paris and Jeremy Warner ran 43 18 in Beijing. The women, Mr. World record, Sidney MCL ties the second fastest split ever run by a woman. Kra Lova and ran 47 60, Sydney ran 47, 70 Montena K ran 47 70. And Rael Lova again in 83 ran 47, 75. Now those two women, Rael, Lova and Koch are the only two that's ever been below 48 seconds.


There's only 48, 47, 99 and 47 60. Yeah. Sia just put her name, just put her name into that conversation. Yeah. She, like I said, I can't, I can't express how much she a dog, man. She, she go out there, there's people smiling. You seen her before she ran the four hurdles. She looked mad. She got a, she just looked mad. She don't, She ain't joking around. She, she got a blame looking. She ain't, I mean, I was surprised that she ded up Gabby Thomas. Did you see her dap up Gabby Thomas? Man, she's like, I'm ready. You ready? Okay, let's go. Man. Listen, see, like I said, I could, I could tell she got a kindhearted. She a good person, but I feel like not even when she step on the track, as soon as she leave the house, she's just on bold.


She ready to go. And she just, like I said, like I think I'm a dog. I think she a little bigger dog than me, man. See me, see me. I take my hat off of her man. She, she, she, she, she, she's the one man. But you know what, Q we talked to Michael and Michael said, and he was talking about, he says he thinks the race is gonna come down between you and Hudson Smith. He says, the reason why I'm a kind of like QI like q so much. Say cue that dog. He say Q is a dog. He say when you hear them young boys talking about, oh, he a dog. Yeah, he q is a dog. He say Q is a go-getter. He says, if that race is close, It's a wrap Q gonna come out on top. And Remember, remember what I told you, Unc Q got something that you can't coach.


You born with that for sure. You can't teach that. Yes. That's already in you, you, you born with that. Listen, you came on that curb. And I'm looking, I say, okay, you know when you throw that head back Thought in, you threw the head back. I thought you was in trouble. Yeah, I thought I said, oh man, he done threw the head, The head back still Had the strength. You still had the strength. I say, oh boy, look at man, look at my dog. Let's go. Yeah, Man, that was you. You seen a lot, a lot of people probably counting me out then. But if you look at all my past races and like all my other races, when I come off that curve, I'm in the back. You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm not, I'm not, I've never been really been able to work on my, my foot speed because I have, I'm fragile.


I got like a lot of hamstring issues. But when it come to like me coming off the curb bus trials, I'm in the back last year, Budapest, I'm in the back, I'm in fifth place. But nah, I mean, long as I don't quit, man, I'm never out the race. You know what I mean? As long as we ain't at the mud, I'm never out the race. You know what I mean? Yeah. So if you, if you count me out, you, you better, you bet against me, man. Hey, I'm, I'm, I'm bound to put you


wrong. Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoke some over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy you won't be disappointed


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet, because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest food haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Are you tired of your scented cleaning products? Smelling and cleaning, like meh. Then it's time for an upgrade with the power of Clorox centa with an uplifting scent that smells like coconut. Clorox Centa gives you powerful, clean like Clorox, but a feeling like, ah, being transported to a tropical island retreat. Imagine putting your phone on do not disturb, tuning out all the constant, just the feeling of warm sand in between your toes and a fruity drink in your hand. The ones with the little umbrella. Refresh your home to feel like an all-inclusive vacation by getting Clorox cent Siva also available in grapefruit and lavender Sense at a nearby retail store


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa, when she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa, to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


Good Sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Check this out. The UST women's team, they won by four seconds. They run 3 15 20 seventh, eight consecutive gold medal. Kendall Ellis was the last second swap on the four by four. And she tweeted, imagine being told this morning you were running in the finals of the four by four, just to be told four minutes before call time that you're not. Ouch. What's your, what's what's your take on this? And look, I I don't know how well you know Kendall Leis and you look, I just, I think the coach is like, we want to, we wanna win this. We wanna win the gold medal. Yeah. And, we wanna put our best four runners out there. Yeah. So what's your take on this Q Okay, so Kendall. Kendall, she, she's a sweet girl. She doesn't mean no harm to nobody, but I feel like I see why it hurts her because she has a Olympic gold medal from I think the 2021 Tokyo Games.


But yeah, when it comes to USA four by fours, you don't know, like, we have no control. Us athletes have no control on who's gonna be out there to be able to run or no control on, you know, when you got, you have no say so. So I feel like Coach Michelle, she, she, she, she put a relay together where she feel like she'll, she'll be best at. You know what I mean? So we, I i, I feel for her at the end of the day, like, yo, you know, I was told I'll be running, but I'm not. And like I said, you're, you're gonna be bound to medal when you run for the USA through a four by four. But it, It's hard to argue though. It's hard. It's hard to argue. It's hard to Argue 3 15, 27. Yeah. It's hard To argue, man, that that's messed up. I have, I you would, you would know better than me.


Is there, is there a reason why they chose someone else? Or, or is Well, in our meetings they said based off, based off performance then they based off, based off of practices, they gonna watch us in practice. And this is gonna base us off of, you know, basically our attitudes. How we, if we look nervous, And, we, you know, scared and all this other stuff. They Right, right. Everything gonna go into play on who they picked for the relay. Okay. So, I mean, I guess they feel like they probably feel like Kim didn't have like the best week and some might say didn't. She did have a good decent week, but she went to the prelim, but she went to the recharge. She made out the recharge major and send me, so I, I really don't have no say so on that. But I feel like I said, if they would've picked Kendall out there, you seen the gap, they still would've won.


Mm Yeah. Yeah. Dang. Lemme ask you thi yesterday Christian Coleman ran the fastest lead off leg ever. He ran nine, six, a 9, 8, 6 in the curve, which is the fastest first leg split ever recorded in the history of athletics. Usain Bolt, when he had that world record, he ran 9, 9 2. Yeah. What keeps happening to the man in the four by one q? I can what? The f Keeps happening. I can tell you, I can tell you that I genuinely don't know because I've never really been a part of a four by one. But looking back at the video, Kenny kinda left a little early and Kenny's a cool dude. He left a lot early. Okay, look, he left a lot early. He a cool dude. But I, I feel like, like I said, we don't really practice four by ones together.


Now, the team that they had out there pretty much trained together, but it was raining. I I I, I give him, I give him some slack, man. Yeah. But yeah, he, he left, he left a lot of early in. Yes. And I know he feel bad for him because he cost us some medal. And I wouldn't just say it was just him because it, it's, you could blame us. You could blame the coach. We a team. When you a team, you gotta blame everybody, you know what I mean? Everybody, we can't just point the fingers at Kenny. We gotta put the fingers from the coaches all the way down to the first leg, last leg in August. So Kenny left a lot early and, and he could have left a little, little, little later, but nah. But Q can I ask you this? Q Yeah. Lemme ask you this.


In the prelim, Fred Curly ran second leg. If Noli is the only one that's changing, why not just change his leg? Kristen Coleman in the world championship, he handed to Fred Curly in the prelims, he handed to Fred Curly. Why the hell would you move Fred Curly from second leg all the way to the anchor when the only thing that you've changed is Noah? I say, this is what I say. I say they shoulda have kept the relay same as prelim that qualified. No, Noah, Noah ran on the prelims. No. Oh yeah. I would've kept their relay same honestly, because the time that they ran the qualified red 37 4, if they ran 37 4, they would've won it. So I feel, I feel like they should have just kept the same relay.


But again, it's politics. You don't know how they, you don't know how USAT if they work their ways coaches, they work their ways in their own situation. Like I'm pretty sure y'all had some coaches, you be like, why you do this? You couldn't have the question because you'd asked me. You know what I mean? Right. So I feel like, I feel like they did what they thought was best and it's always a learning experience. But yeah man, I feel like they should have kept it really the same from when they, when they advanced from the first round, like the, like the females did it and then like the four by, you know what I mean? I feel like they kept like the females did it. I, I think the thing what happened was Noah, is that if you look at the women, All the women, my, my name, my name question I know Bad. There you go.


Q he say he, hey, he, he wanted Conversation. We gonna line something up. Me, him, and maybe, maybe maybe somebody else. We gonna line something up. And, we gonna run good. But keep going. Hold on. He really, he really wanna challenge you at 400 Meters. Yeah. I mean you gotta think Noah was a dog bro. Noah ain't gonna back down. He think he, you think he took what I said lightly? He didn't. But I'm respectful athlete. I know you seen with to Bogo ran the four by four, right? Right. Yes. I feel like Noah, a healthy Noah will run something 44. Like he Noah's Not Noah's not. No. Really, man, listen, y'all people going off Noah's high school time 47 or 45.


But this man runs 19 seconds for him to come through the first 221 flat is gonna be nothing to this man. Hmm. Wow, bro. No, bro. Listen, I I know track, I know energy systems, I know the science behind this. I know everything. Wow. One thing I know, I I take my hat off to anybody that I, I'm not, I'm not a hater or none of that. Noah's going to run a good open 400 right now. He will be a lot of people that think that he's not nobody That actually run the 400. Huh? That's bro. No one, bro. Listen, if you run 19 4, 19 5, whatever he run and then 21 will be nothing to him. It's a jog in the park. Then you gotta tell him he got another 200 meters then in the last hundred. You can't coach that. That's just who you is. No one's a dog bro. He's, he's not, he's not.


Wow. He's not in the conversation to being one of the fastest men in the world ever to run for no reason. Can I ask you this? What's going on with Michael Norman? What's in his head? Nah, I mean the guy's run four. He's run 43, 4 q Well, It just seems like when he get on the big stages, it's just like, I don't know, maybe, maybe the moment, maybe his anxious, maybe his nerves, maybe he can't control of his emotions. But this guy, you look at him in college and you look at the times that like the, and I, I don't like to say meets aren't important because if you line up, it's an important meat because they're tracking it and you, you know, whatever the case may be. Yeah. But this guy's run 43 4. Yeah, Well I feel like no, Norman, he's a, he's a, he's a ticking to you can't, the time you sleep on him is the time he shows up.


So I mean like I feel like that, that no Norman's been having a lot of injury problems. I've been seeing him through the whole week, been getting like treatment and stuff. So I don't think it's a facade or nothing. But I feel like Norman, he's been having a lot of treatment problems. He's been, you know, he's probably been up and down in the sport from the hundred to the 400. So he's probably finding a little way back to the event. But nah, one thing about Norman is with another couple athletes, when he does get it, when he does get back in his form and get back, but he's one of the scariest man out here, you know what I mean? 43 4 and being in college or 43 4 or whatever, whenever time he ran it or Norman's gonna, yeah, Norman's a doll. It just, you don't know when he's going run it. You don't know how he's gonna run it.


But Norman Norman, yeah. I keep sleeping on Norman. Alright. He gonna show, he gonna show. But like, people talk about the last couple years how he wasn't been up before him. But I wouldn't bet against him. Yeah. You know what I mean? I wouldn't keep, I wouldn't keep downplaying him who he is. 'cause he's not, he's not Michael Norman for a reason. Mm. Hey, I, I, what, what's, what's next, what's next for you? You know, obviously, you know, Olympics is over, you get to chill now. Family time. What do you like to do? Nah, I'm going tomorrow. Well Monday, I hit to Monday and I go to, I'm getting ready for these dom league meets 'cause I don't wanna keep flying back home and stuff. So I'm getting ready for the do league meets and I'm probably running three dom league meets and I hopefully try to bring back the Diamond League final.


They got like a diamond, right? Big diamond. So I'm gonna bring that back if I can. You know what I mean? I'm not, if I can, can, Hey I'm you, I'm, I'm gonna humble so I don't like talk about what I'm going do. I just rather do it. But nah, I, I wanna bring them back, bring back the diamond back home before I come home. And then after that I'm just chilling man. I'm trying to see my daughters, I'm trying to go fishing, you know what I mean? I trying to go get back in the woods. Get in the country man. Yeah. All right. First I Stop by you and go ahead. You know what I mean? Stop Hoop. Hook don't About the hook. Don't about the hook. Listen, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Listen, I was finna let you slide, but now you poking the bell.


Now you, now you poking the bell. I mean, I gotta Poke because you came to me social media. You seen that calling my phone. Man, I already lowered the meters for you. So we gonna go two. Oh, we not gonna go for Alright. I wouldn't, I mean listen, make it light on yourself. We could do the hundred, We could do the My foot speed like that man. You know who? You, I understand this ocho you know I, you know what? I ran in hundred high school. No. What this man fear. This man fear God. I don't think he Died. I listen, I feel him too. God wouldn't race me though. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like that. That's my dog. I talk to him all the time.


So look, whenever, whenever you ready, you can do a hundred, we can do whatever you ready. But before I do my fishing, go see anybody and Right. My business, I'm gonna be in Ocho backyard. Man. I mean holler at you boy. And matter of fact, we ain't running no track. We running light pole. Light pole like we do out in the city. Light Pole. Light post socks. Light, light pole. Light, light post socks. I got, Hold on, hold on. No shoes now. Just socks. No Shoes. Yeah. Okay. You no shoes. You about you about your business. You about your I like that. And I'm get money. Oh, I don't even, I don't even, I don't even scratch. You ain't saying nothing. I just told you what? I ain't say nothing about stretching. I said I'm a, I'm ready to go get Well you know what, how about this iq After you in Ocho race, you and I can, we can go fishing because I like to fish.


I grew up in the country. So, and you from Missouri, it looks like you like to fish. You got dogs. I love dogs. You love dogs? Yeah. You like to fish. So after you in ocho, y'all have your thing. Let's go catch a mess. Fish. Let's All go fishing. I really like what kind of Fish you like? Hey, I don't, I don't, I don't fish. I don't fish. I that shit, that shit boring. Boy. I, I can't say that. You probably, you probably catfish and, and crappy fishing and bread fishing. No, we catfish man. We, we fish. Where you, you acting fishing the whole time. You, you, you wheeling out. You willing now you bring in you willing not bring in you catching fish. You not, you not for I fish what's biting. Yeah. You not fishing for a bite. You feel you, you gonna get the bite. Yeah. It take, it take too long. No, No. I bite, hook. You gotta know what you doing.


You gotta know the right tip. You gotta know what you throwing. You gotta know when to throw it. It, its a lot to come with it. You'll like fishing if you know how to fish On. Okay. We could do, we could smoke, we could do a crank. Can I smoke my cigar? We can Do, yeah, you can do do. Okay. Okay. If can smoke out, we'll be alright for a few hours. The the fish Okay, we could use a jelly. We could use a crank, we could use a jig. We can use that. We a rev. We can do whatever you wanna do. Yeah, I just saying Quincy, I got real confidence in me now. Yeah. Now see when you start talking about that running, I can't run with you. Yeah, but when it comes that fishing don't play Quincy. No, I mean you, you, why y'all coming at me like I told y'all. Listen. Nah, you, you up there talking about you wanna bad fish. Talking about we don't do no catfish.


Crab bri Fish. We doing the fish fry. But if we going out, we, we, we, we, we bash fishing. I mean I feel like you coming at me now. So I gotta, I gotta some picture. I say we was going fishing all I said we was going fishing, just left it at that. We fishing. I'm just competitive man. We, we, we go fish know y'all wanna go. I'm, I'm in South Carolina when it, you know what I mean. So you gotta, lemme know where y'all, where y'all want me to pull up to? What Part of South Carolina you in? My, my brother lived in Columbia. That's where I'm at. He went to U he went to U, he went I see U transferred from Juco and went to university. He went to the game Cox also. That's Where I'm at.


I got a little John boat out there too. Okay, so what's up Live? We can do whatever. We can do whatever y'all wanna do. We can fish. We can what kind what you fishing with? An open, open face or a bait cast. Look here man. See no I don't need that fancy tech. See you want that? Gimme that zip you I take that zip 33. I take a cane, I take a cane pole. It don't make no difference to me. Yeah, I'll take a cane pole. We can short fish or we can get in the boat and go out. It don't make no difference to me. How you looking over your shoulder? How you doing that? Man, Don't worry about on that.


Don't, don't worry about that. I tell you what, I bet you I come back with a nice mess of fish. You Might, you might. It depends on what you got on the end of that. It depend on what you fishing, fishing with. You Don't worry about what I'm fishing with. You worry about what's on the end of your I won't, I won't. I'll shot y'all shout out. Thank you man. I appreciate that man. Congratulations on your gold medal winning performance. Best of luck the rest of the season and the diamond leagues. Me. Look forward to talking to you again soon, bro. Listen sir. Thank you bro. Hey, I don't have no hat so I, I'm taking my glasses off boy. I salute you boy. You one the real one. Appreciate like seriously appreciate Salute you. I appreciate you sir. I appreciate it. Like I said, time I step on that line. Y'all gonna see the same type of performance man.


I'm gonna give it up my all, you know what I mean? For, for my fans, my family, my daughters to my, to my animals. Anything I got, I'm gonna go out there and put it on my heart. You know what I mean? And for my brand Adidas man. Yes sir. I know your family. I know everybody in your hometown's proud. All of America's proud. Especially those that watch and listen to Nightcap Quincy. Sincerely from the bottom of our hearts. Congratulations on what you was able to accomplish. Tell your family we said hello and best of luck the rest of the season. No, I Appreciate it. Shout out night Ka man. I appreciate y'all having me tonight, man. Yes sir. Love. But we got, we got, we got that coming. We got that package coming. Alright. All. What, what? We Got a package coming you. Hey, we, we gonna get in touch with your representative.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And, we got something coming for you. Hey, I appreciate that. Like I said, you know what I mean? You know what I mean, you Good? Oh, it'll be there. I said we on this race, race and I gotta go ahead and you, man, He still calling me out. Get, get the line man. Ready. Race, man. Alright man. Good. Right on. Oh, That was That. That was it. We good? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was it, bro. Yeah, we good? We good? All right on y'all. Alright. Alright.


Appreciate it. Bad quit, man. Now that I I like you, bro. I like that. Huh? I li, I like, I ain. He great dude. Man, we really, you got Ain't it Ain't too many Unc before you go. It ain't too many like that in track boy. Oh no, no. Hey, Remember what we talked about? About having that it factor and having that a aura and that, that, that where people just gravitate to you, man, he got, he got, he got, he got all the bells and the whistles. Boy, he the real Deal. Yeah, for sure. Hey, what's his, y'all go follow Quincy. Let's get his, let's get his IG and his Twitter follows up. What's his ig? I just, I just tweeted him too before, before we start the show.


Dog with two Gs. Add do with two Gs. A eight BG. So y'all make sure you go follow him. He's a man. He was a great dude. Yeah. Oh, so let's get to this basketball. The Americans beat the French on their home court. Fifth consecutive gold medal in a rematch of the Tokyo Olympic finals from three years ago. Yeah. Steph Curry led the US with 24 points. He drained four Cru crucial three points three minutes ago, including the game clincher with 33 seconds left for a nine point advantage FBA named LeBron as the MVP of the 2024 Olympics. Along with the All star lineup. Dennis Shroder from Germany, Steph Curry, Victor Wema, and Nicole Yoic of Serbia.


LeBron James was the MVP, I mean the question chat just for y'all as well, deserving of the MVP or would you put it, would you give it to somebody else? What you think? I think LeBron from start to finish play best. The most consistent. I think that if you look at step, if you look at step the last two games, last two games, yeah. He was good. Yeah. But if you look out from start to finish, I think LeBron deserved it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Dennis Shroder says Euro basketball is the perfect advantage to team USA. Let's take a listen to what Shroder had to say. So We're sorry for the technical difficulties.


That was not on our end. That was, and I guess that was kind of like what was disseminated throughout. So, but basically what you're saying is that it's a very different brand of basketball than the NBA. Right? It's not about entertainment. It's about smart basketball players knowing to make the right play, when to make the right play being unselfish. And, and he basically said the Europeans are coming and they are the best basketball players play in the NBA. Right? The best, the best football players play where Ocho in the nfl, in the L So the best basketball players. But when they go back to their, to their countries, most of these guys have been playing together. They played this Euro style, they've been playing together, they've been playing this style of basketball for the longest time.


And that's why for the most part, Ocho, when you look at Europeans, nobody say, oh, they're entertaining. Right? There ain't nobody dunking and, and doing anything fancy. It's basically just Luca. He's not dunking the ball. Yoic is not dunking the ball. Giannis is like two steps. It's not no smooth fade away. Like we see, like we see kd, right? Like we see LeBron, like we see Steph Curry. The American is like, it's like US and American is like more entertainment, right? They're playing fundamentally sound basketball. So like everybody, everybody like Tim Duncan. Yep. Yep, yep. And so maybe the NBA need to adopt some of those rules. So all of a sudden now you don't have the big change from NBA rules to Feba.


Ah, because it's a big, it's a big, I mean the line is closer in Feba don no three seconds. You can go 10. You know, there's, there's a lot. And they let you play a lot more physically in Feba than they do in the NBA. You, you, you think that would be those rule changes that they have in Feba? You think those would translate well to the NBA? Especially in today's game. The guys will adjust. The guys will adjust. Yeah. You couldn't imagine No three seconds. Could you imagine No goal tending and listen, if they go back to playing physical as opposed to, you know, we always make fun of, make fun of the, the NBA team today saying that today's game is not, they don't, they don't play defense.


You know, any given night a team could score one 20 can score one 30, right? I don't, I don't, I don't, I'm I'm not sure if Mr. Silver would be in favor of No, he, but it's, it's kinda like, it's kinda like eighties, not eighties or late eighties. Right. Early nineties, mid nineties basketball ocho not that physical. Okay. Okay. But it's kinda like that where they let you play a little bit more. Right. A little bit more Lead. They all that flopping. They ain't calling it all that flopping. Right, right, right, right, right. No, you earn your, you earn your thousand fever. You, you, you earned your thousand people. But congratulations to the man. We standing on top of the podium again. Are are we tied or we still one behind China for gold medals.


We've won the total, but we, I think we were one behind China. I think we had 38. They had 39 with the women left. Oh, Okay. Okay. As far as to gold medals first in gold medals, we got the most, we're like 30 ahead of them. We are 30 ahead of China for total medals. But they're one, they're one ahead of us. Okay. Women, we got the women tomorrow they play, they play the French team also. So that, That on home, that was tie we were tie for goals against China. 39. 39. Yep. Masai Russell wins gold in the women's a hundred and, and the hundred meter hurdles with a time of 12.33, if I'm not mistaken.


She's the first since Brianna McNeil won in Rio in 2016. Right. I think that's when she got married. I don't know if McNeil is a still her last name Ocho, university of Clemson grad. But I think she's the last American to, to, to stand atop the podium and the, the hurdles for the women. Congratulations. Because last of macho Quinn, Camacho Quinn from Puerto Rico. She's still the top the podium. She got the bronze this time. Congratulations Messiah Salute. But they be moving over them hurdles. Boy They did. It Was close too. That was, that was a photo.


It was a photo finish. Damn near like the hundred was for the men. Yeah. I mean there was a lot of fo I mean you go back and look at the men's 800 meters. Yeah. It was a photo finish. Yeah, there are a lot. There are, I mean think about it, Ocho you run two laps and it come down to a photo finish. We don't normally see a whole lot of photo, especially in the distance races. Yeah. But I mean, and I think you had four men that ran sub 1 42. I think that was the Breonna Rollins McNeil's a her name now. Okay. Breonna Rollins. She was, she was the last to stand on the top, top the podium. So congratulations to Masai Russell Gold medal winning performance in the hundred meter hurdles. What else? We got Ocho. We got Schreder.


We got that. Yeah. Oh, wait, wait. US, US Women's National Team won goal. They beat Brazil One zero Swanson the goal in the 57th minute. Yeah. Yeah. And it seems, and it seems like we kind of back because we had owe the last couple years Ocho Yeah. We hadn't been what the American women are normally thought of To be used And. we also, we also went young. Yeah. We also went young. So That big three. Yeah. What what, what's the, I forgot what the name is. They wanna call themselves, I forgot what it was. This they got, what is It? Three Three? Expresso Expresso. Something like that. Yeah, I like it. Trinity. Trinity Espresso Trinity something.


Yeah. I like it. Not Trinity. Rodman is one of them. What, what do they call themselves? Chad? I, I saw, I read, I was reading about what they wanted to call themselves Some espresso. Trinity Espresso. That's what it is. Triple expresso Trinity espresso. Triple. Triple. No. Triple. Triple espresso. Triple. That's good one. Ripple espresso. That's a good one. I like that. I like that.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, Most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy you won't be disappointed


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet, because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Are you tired of your scented cleaning products? Smelling and cleaning like meh. Then it's time for an upgrade with the power of Clorox sativa with an uplifting scent that smells like coconut. Clorox sativa gives you powerful, clean like Clorox, but a feeling like, ah, being transported to a tropical island retreat. Imagine putting your phone on do not disturb, tuning out all the constant, just the feeling of warm sand in between your toes and a fruity drink in your hand. The ones with the little umbrella. Refresh your home to feel like an all-inclusive vacation by getting Clorox centa also available in grapefruit and lavender scent at a nearby retail store


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's, ah, as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's Aw anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from to to aw Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Guys, we had an earlier conversation. We've taped with Naja Houston and here's the OCHO and I interview with Naja Houston. Hey, Y y'all gonna like this Okay Guys? Yeah, right now guys, we have some difficulties. We were gonna play that interview for you. Once we get that worked out, we hopefully we can bring you that interview in its entirety. Ojo. Yeah. Have you seen the video? It's gone viral Dion, or we can't, we can't play the video, but Dion has some choice. I I think it, it was a Reporter. I did say it's a reporter that always, he always attacks Dion. He always attacked the team. He always attacks everything that they do do. So I understood.


I think you have two different sides here, Right? As a reporter, you have a job to do. Correct. And when the job is not being done as seen from the lens of the person doing the reporting, then it's normally seen as, as an attack. Right? It's a new season and still this specific reporter continually, continuously writes bad things about Prime and Con continuously writes bad things about the program. And I think Prime is, is fed up with it, you know, with this certain individual, this certain individual who continuously does nothing positive. It's always in a negative light.


And I think he's just fed up with it. I think some people wouldn't be on Prime side as far as handling the situation this way and just not answering the guy's questions at all. When Prime was trying to ask him, why do you continuously do this? Like what is wrong with you? Like, what's going on? Where can I help you in life to where you continuously berate our program as a reporter for us? And it just, I kind of understand what Prime is Coming from. Is he reported to them or he's just, or he just covered is is that their beat reporter? Ash is the guy that covers, I I think he's just, the national reporter just has happened to cover his college football or is he the, the Buffalo's beat reporter, right.


Question. Okay. Oh, the guy that wrote the article is not the, is not the, so the, so who is the guy asking? What is the guy that's asking? Oh, he's the local CBS. Okay. He's the local CBS affiliate reporter. And I think what he, he wrote that time was the second worst coach in the Big 12, I think. I think that was one of the things, right? Yeah. I, I think the thing is ocho, I, I get it and sometimes like, it's like, like if somebody, let's just say from some network Yes sir.


Says something negative about you. And then they're like, well, I ain't doing no interviews with said network. Right. When it was just one person. And so I think that's what time, time is looking at. Like, I'm done with C-B-S-I-I, anybody from CBSI, it is like, he kind of like, do you, I do you think it's CBS? Or maybe, I think if it was, if I think it's that specific individual, I think that specific individual represents CBS and Prime is sick of the attacks from him specifically. Now, I think if sim if CBS sent another affiliate or another field reporter, he'd probably talk to them and it wouldn't be a problem. But he's just sick of that individual and everything being goddamn negative.


Everything. Well, I, I think the thing is we, we'll find out, we'll find out if it's that, because I'm sure they'll, if that's the case, they'll have another guy that's from CBS or a young, or a, a woman reporter from CBS and they'll go try to ask questions to, and we'll see if it's an isolated incident involving that particular reporter or it's a issue at hand here. So it's tough. Yeah, it's a tough situation because you're a coach And, we don't, you don't get to do things like say like a normal player because you're the, you know, you're the CEO, you are the reflection that you're the embodiment of the institution. Right. And you know, you try to say, and you know, sometimes it gets hard.


I'm not finna tell anybody that. It doesn't, it gets hard sometimes turning the other cheek when people constantly attack you. Yeah. And everybody says, oh, just, it's easy for you to say because you're not the one that's getting Attacked. You not in that position. So it's easy for you to say, well this is what I would do when you've never been in that situation to know what you would or wouldn't do. So, you know, I see both sides of it having been in this, you know, when you, when you become a professional athlete or you become a, a celebrity or an actor, entertainer, music, whatever the case may be. Yeah. Spotlight, I mean, Fame and Fortune. Yeah. For me, I take the fortune, y'all keep the Fame Fame. But it is, you know, and you know, and you know, people say, well, that's what you signed up for.


Nah. No I didn't. Yeah. I didn't know people was gonna just say, just, just outright lie and just say whatever they wanted to say. Yeah. I know I didn't because it used to be, it used to be a situation ocho the media. Yeah. Reporters. They looked out for the players. Oh yeah. They saw they, they might saw a a, a player doing something, never knew about it. Yeah. Let a report, let a reporter see somebody do something now. Yeah. Well it is different now because you have to understand now the media has to catch up to us because this is what social media has done. Social media has eliminated the middleman. Yeah. So the media ain't even needed now because we can say what we wanna say, And, we have our own voice and our own outlet.


So we, you, yeah. However, think think about it, during your day and during my day where I caught social media, I caught it on the tail end of my career. But however we were to be perceived and represented, the media handled that. Right. The media wasn't controlled or how we're viewed by the public. Now once social media comes along, oh, the middleman isn't need it anymore because anything players need to say they can press, they can hit the send button. Now you have to be careful on what you say when you wanna get your thoughts across. Yeah. But now listen, social media has been big. It is, it has been really good. Good and bad. It's has its pros and it cons depending on who the person As does everything. Yeah.


Yes. Yeah, exactly right. Some people know how to carry themselves, some people don't. You have to know what lines to cross. Some people do, some people don't. And listen, it, it is been a great tool for, for athletes. It's been a great tool for athletes allowing 'em to engage with fans, allowing fans inside their world. I think social media has been a great thing for them. A lot of a, a lot of athletes. Listen, I like the stuff that K does. I like KD being a super du star in actually taking the time, whether it's positive or negative, going back with going back with folks, going back with folks. It's cool. It's cool. It's just the thought of having access to someone that you watch on tv that's like the coolest thing in the world to me.


It's like the coolest thing in the world. Yeah. I, if I'm not mistaken, CBS posted the story. Right. But I think the guy works for the local, the local paper. The local paper in Colorado. So I think that's the issue. He lo he's local. CBS just posted the story. He doesn't have any, I I don't think he has an issue with ccb s Right. He has a issue with the guy and I'm not so sure he had, I don't sure he, I'm not so sure he has an issue with the paper. He has a a, a issue with a said individually. Yeah. That same person Because he's the one that's constantly trying to get up on the scene. Like seemingly like he's trying to get up on the time scheme. Yeah. Time ain't gonna break though.


He ain't gonna break. Not, not, not in that, not in that, not in that atmosphere. Not in that environment. But what he will do, he'll shut you out. He shut you out. He won't talk to you. Yeah. Right. And that seems to, that seems to what, what happened? Oh, Joe. Yes sir. We forgot. Shelby McEwen loses his high jump on the tiebreaker. The two men had 11 straight misses. The bar was lower during the jump off and Curly broke the streak failures when he got over two, 2.34 meters, which is seven foot, eight inches to take gold. Mm. McEwen had left with the silver. Both he and cur having cleared. 2 36, 7, 8 and a half. But they said no, they said McEwen. I think McEwen was the one that said he wanted to jump off.


Right. Because they could have shared just like Bar Marus bars right. From Bahrain and Giancarlo Tam of Italy. They shared the gold medal last year. Right. So they got two, two gold. I'm They both, they both got gold. Yeah. That's dope. That's dope. I'm walking away. Hey. Okay bro, we tired. Okay. I'm good. Yeah. Hey, but, but I'm getting a gold medal. But he said hell no, huh? Yeah. And he got the silver. Mm Damn. That jump that jump off. I, I bet that jump off was that but you tense Before. Think about it. O ocho you had to clear it. If I'm not mistaken. I think he had cleared two heights he had never cleared before. Right. So those are big, those Are of the best.


Yes. Okay. You also have to factor in. You're tired. Oh yeah. The more you jump. Yeah. Yeah. You only got, so you only got so many hops in those legs. I'm like, you know what, I'm good. I ain't like I would, Yeah, I would. Yeah, The gold medal. I mean, it's not like it would've been the first time. Ah, yeah. I won a gold medal. Yeah, but you tied so it don't count. Yeah, it does. Yeah. I gotta Gold definitely count. I Don't give a damn three people tied. I gotta gold. I got one. I got a you exactly right. So the US had to settle for silver.


Congratulations. Shelby McEwen, personal best. He got over seven foot, eight and a half. Only a handful of American men. I think Thomas, I think he might've been the last man to win. Charles Thomas, I think he was the last man to win the high jump in 96 in Atlanta. And I think he went 17 and a quarter. Can you check that Ash? I I'm pretty sure it's Charles Thomas in 96 was the last American man to win the high jump. That's what I'm thinking. So the, we gonna count, gotta count on the, the women basketball team to tie chi because if he had accepted the goal, we would've tied for China.


Right. And then the women win And. we would've, we Would've been up one, Been up one. So, well that's it. What is it? Jordan child might have to return to bronze medal. She won the floor exercise in the final in Paris. The court of arbitration of sports rules Saturday that the judge in panels women for exercise and properly granted an inquiry that increased child's score and moved her into the bronze medal position. The Swiss based court filed that child's appeal was submitted past the one minute deadline for such request and therefore should not have been granted as a result. CAS said the American gymnast should have received a score of 13.66 in the event, which, if pla which, which would've placed her fifth just shy of the Olympic podium, United States gymnastic.


And the U-S-O-P-C said in the statement, they were devastated by Saturday's ruling arguing that the in inquiry child score filed in good faith and in accordance with the rules. So she goes from possibly having a bronze medal to fifth And they can appeal that, right? No, Thomas in 96. Okay. Eric Ard. Yeah, Eric Canard won the gold and so that was in London. I was wrong. Eric Canard won the gold in the high jump in 20, in 2012 in London. Mm.


Man. Damn boy, that'd be, Ooh man, wait a minute. That'd be tough O Joe. So you can't appeal. So if they, if once they, you can't appeal. They said that when she appealed, you only get a one minute, you get one minute Right. To file your appeal. Right. They said she filed the appeal outside of the one minute, therefore it should have been nullified. You know what? All right. All right Ocho, it's time for q and a. Yeah, we don't have any animations. We are having technical difficulties. I'm sorry about that guys. Our first Laney Ray says, Hey guys, I won't see this question being read, but I gotta get, get it out.


Enjoy nice Minnesota weather before the winter comes. Question is, who do you think will lead the US to basketball team in 2028? Well, I think book's gonna be on that team again. I think Ant Man's gonna be on that team again. Edward, Jason Tatum, Jason Tatum. Who young guy? If if, if, if, if, if Ja, if Zion can stay healthy. Ooh. Ooh, that's nasty. Everybody just named. Imagine them playing in the twenties. 28 Olympics Maybe. Who knows? Maybe we need a big, I Don't know. We need need a big, Yeah. I mean what you call 'em bam bam will still be back.


Maybe ad Man they, We definitely need some big, because that's what, that's what you know, MBMA. Yeah. Yolk. Yo yolk probably still will be around. It'll be interesting to see Giannis for the Greek, the, the Greek team will still be around it. It's gonna be interesting. Maybe Chet Holmgren, you know, you see Tyree Max Tyrese Maxey is playing well and so, but I think guys that we know for sure, injury notwithstanding ant man book jt and probably Bam, because of the age.


It'd be interesting I think how, how old ad 32. So in four years he, that old he'd be 36. He that old? Yeah. I think ad 32. I ain't Know that. 30. He's 31. Okay. We only be 30. He, he's just turned 31. He turned 31 in March. So 35, that's not, that's not not bad ad's. 35 right now. KI think Steph is like 35, 36. So that, I mean that's, well that's well within his right range in which ad could play if he's healthy and if he wants to do it, I mean, it's right there. So that's all, that's all that's always a great thing to not have to leave and go out of, out of the country and leave your family.


Blake. First time catching you guys, chef Curry was cooking today and Team USA won on Lakers and the Olympic jersey of 8 10 24. Mm. Yes they did. They played. They, they look, they played, they played today. They ain't mess around on y'all at all. At all. They knew. They, they knew they was on on on that. You in somebody else's backyard. Listen, the way Serbia looked, they didn't want to deal with that. They didn't want, they didn't wanna deal with that. So you come out hand hand your business the first time. You ain't gotta worry about coming back. You ain't gotta worry about no goddamn deficits. Especially deficits by that much.


Yeah. I don't know if you get down by 15 against the French team. Ooh, with that crowd into it, now all of a sudden the crowd plays into the, the ref and all of a sudden they ah, foul. And so, so you never wanna be in a situation Ocho where a heave shot, a missed call or a made call could potentially cost you the game. Right. So congratulations to the United States men's basketball team goal. What, fifth straight time since oh 8, 8, 12, 16, 21. So five straight Olympics that the, that the, the men's team has won.


Oh, plus the women's in the gold medal round back volleyball. So we got two chances. Yeah. So we still got an opportunity to get 'em. Yeah, yeah. We gonna get that. We gonna forget. We gonna get the most goals. Buckley said first time I seen Quincy run was in Kansas City against my cousin Mark Quinn when they were kids. Was surprised to see you run on tv. Congrats champ. Aiden. Y Yeah. And Corey said, what's up Uncle Ocho my wife a Sandra and I just celebrated our two year anniversary. We love watching your show.


Can we get a shout out, bro? Congratulations. Happy second wedding anniversary. Congrat. Hopefully make it to the five year. What's five? And then you got 10, which is gold, which is 25, which is silver. And then 50 is what, what? 50 diamond. I'm asking you Ash, what's a, what's a five year wedding anniversary? 10 years. 25. Because I think that's how it goes. It goes 5, 10, 25 50. Real? Yeah. Hey, what, what? Hap You know what, let, I'm, I can't wait to, I can't wait to jump man. I'm trying to get that diamond.


Oh Lord have mercy. Ash, you got the slowest computer. First anniversary is paper, second anniversary is cotton. Third is leather, fourth is fruit. Fruit of flowers. Fifth is wood. 10 is 10. Or Titan aluminum. Damn. Damn Man. They got some bull jobs. 25 is 25. Hold on. 25 is silver. 50 is gold. 60 is down. Y'all need to change. It's up. Ain't a whole lot of getting, ain't a whole lot of people getting to 60?


I Wouldn wants to reckon to love. So somebody's been married probably like what, 80, 85 years? Maybe 94 A because ain't nobody ever been married. Ain't nobody been married no. Hundred years. I'm talking about in modern time. I mean you go back to No, yeah. In Bible when the people living five, 600 years. But I don't think nobody in modern time been been married no. Hundred years. Don't You? Yeah. A and hey, why, why you think everybody get the, you know, I think I, I mean in today, today's era of today's society, I think we have so many choices. So many when something goes wrong, you know what? Forget this. I'm out. I think, yeah, for sure. I think women, I I love all my women, you know, regardless of color, race, I don't care nothing about that shit.


But I think today we are so caught up in aesthetics. We love weddings, not actual marriage. I don't, I don't know if that makes sense, Chad, y'all stay with me a little bit. Now there there's a difference, there's a difference between the two. They love the weddings. Yeah. They don't like marriage and everything that it entails. Now I could, I could be wrong, but I'm just basing my thoughts and what I think based on statistics, because the, the stats don't lie. And, if you ask people that have been married before, every time you ask them why did you divorce? I guarantee you ask a hundred people why you divorced the goddamn answer's about the same every time. It'd be the same reason every time.


I think the thing is Ocho because everybody thinks everybody's replaceable. Yeah. So there's somebody that looks just as good. Yeah. There's a guy that makes just as much as my husband. Oh. Oh, even better. Maybe not a little more. Yeah, There's there's always better. Always. Yeah. No matter who you pick, for Sure It's always better, but it's better always good for you. 'cause you have to understand what comes with better as well. Women love to say, oh, I'm finna go get a man with a bigger bag. Well, let's make sure you understand, but come with the territory with that man with a bigger bag because you gonna be miserable anyway. I want at some point. Don't you want what you want when you want It. Talk to me now.


So come on now. They like, okay, I I I'm, I'm, I'm not happy. Come On now. Because they like, I, I can be, I can do bad by myself. Yeah, I'm sure you can. Okay. You and you can do worse with somebody else. You think about leaving me, Hey, they always, they always envision the grass is greener on the other side based off of aesthetics in the way things look. Or what somebody has Has. You look a certain way, you dress a certain way, you drive a certain car, you got a certain house, you man, boy understand what? Come with a territory. Read the fine print. Like my grandma used to say, read the fine print. Now the grass ain't always green on the other side.


Drain master said U-S-A-U-S-A Unc ocho. I can help y'all with those payments if need be. U-S-A-U-S-A-U-S-A. Yeah. Come on little something. Upgrade. King said Greetings 84 85 and Ash and the crew ocho act like that gum in your hair and cut it out. You always gonna be the Olympic athlete. We love you regardless. King. Wait, Hold on. They talk. Wait a minute. He say I ain't gonna beat. No, you'll see because we gonna have the footage. We gonna have the footage. Should I got my, but my spikes with me to train too. Kt Lord said LeBron has to play in the eight Olympics in LA at 80 28.


How will LeBron be? He about to turn 40, so he'll be just shy of his 44th birthday. What you think the way he take care of his party, will they even allow him? No. No. Oh, they would? No he don't. He ain't gonna want to. Oh, okay. Man. LeBron ain't gonna Finn to be playing those till he 44. That'd be 20. That'd be damn going. That'd be going into year 26. She might as well make it the thirties then might as well he, he gonna play, he gonna play with Bryce. Now watch I again watch Oh, the, the fact, just think about that. Unc, he get to play with his son, man, You know, not in the Olympics. Nah, no, I'm not talking about Olympics.


I'm just changing the subject back to like, can you imagine if you was to write a story, you know what, I wanna have a child with my childhood sweetheart, high school sweetheart. And one day I wanna make it to the NBA. Not only make it to the NBA, but play long enough to be able to play with my son. Like that's a movie script. That's a movie script. That's a movie. Let alone for it to happen in real life though, all the stars have to line for that to happen. And they done just that. That's dope as hell to me. Yeah, but at that point in time, I think he's gonna probably wanna, there's other things he wants to, wants to own an NBA team. There are other things that's gonna interest him more than playing.


Yeah, yeah. More than playing basketball. So I think that's kind of the direction that he kind of wants to head in. Guys, we're really, look, we had this interview with Nigel Houston right now we're having difficulties technicalities with it, hard to get it loaded. And it was having a hard time with the, you know, the, the, the, the the voice going in and out. So we're sorry about that, but we're gonna play that in interview for you at a later date and time. But we're really sorry that that's, that it, oh Joe. Yo, that concludes our show today. Wait, wait. Hey, let's, let's go, let's go to dinner real quick. Who? Me? Me? All us.


Who Is All of us like me? You, Ash. I mean all, I mean everybody. I don't know. I'm finna go, I'm finna go to Soul Food Cafe. No, Shelly's here. So she already made reservations somewhere. Well, damn, I got a And plus I got what you call 'em too. What? I still got a pack for the, for the tour. You don't need no clothes. All I'm bringing is my shirt. I'm wearing the same shirt for every tour, but That's not the only thing I'm doing while I'm there. Oh, see you big time. Big time. Alright, well, I'm, I'm finna go. I gotta kill, I gotta, I gotta kill a, I gotta kill a lot of birds with one stone, right?


So when I'm somewhere, I just can't go somewhere just to do one thing, right? I need to do multiple things right in order, order to make it worth my while and my time. Okay. You see what I'm saying? I like, I like, I like, okay, So when I go somewhere, okay, what else can I get done while I'm there? Okay. So that, that's, that's how I think on that. Ocho guys, thank you for joining us. Thank our special guest. Yeah. Quincy Hall. Also, we have this interview with Nigel Houston that we're gonna have to play for you at a later date and time. Congratulations to the men's basketball team. They won gold. Congratulations to the women's soccer team. They won gold. Congratulations to both the men and women. Four by 400 meter relay teams. The women set an American record. The men set an Olympic record.


Messiah Russell won the, the Women's Gold medal and the hundred meter hurdles. Unbelievable. Who else? Somebody else did something special that we need to talk about. Did anybody else do anything? The US Women's National Soccer, they won gold. Yeah, we won. We won the gold in that beat. Brazil won nothing. Oh no. 57th Mini Gold. Oh, Shelby McCune. He won the silver medal and the high jump. Congratulations to all the people, all the winners today. The gold medal winners, silver medal winners. Thank you so much. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button.


And guys, do us a favor. Go out and make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from, and remember every podcast subscription matters. Thank you guys for helping us become what we've become thus far. Please make sure you go get grab some shade by La Portier. We have it in stock and if it doesn't have it in your local area, we can get it shipped right to your doorstep. So thank you guys for your patience and your support. Yeah, please make sure you go follow my social media company page on all platforms. That's she, Shea Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is at the top of the chat. Thank you for joining us again. I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire.


The binger ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the legendary Chad Ochocinco Johnson from Liberty City. See you tomorrow. The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Myers smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar thick cut bacon now and enjoy


The fall is creeping up on us. But we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joah wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest For Safeway, take care of yourself This summer and save on all your personal care favorites. Now through August 27th, save up to $3 or more when you purchase participating personal care items like Pampers wipes, Gillette Razors, Metamucil Crest toothpaste, secret Body Spray, and a Swiffer Power Mop. The more you buy, the more you save. Catch these deals before they're gone. Offer ends August 27th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


It is Ryan Crest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than said, or at least the same. Chumba Casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now and collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.