
These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen Report,


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you and with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with the yoga Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial, results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are With all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the A, a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths and a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test, a prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Spring is right around the corner. And You know what that means? More time to enjoy quality moments with your partner. Whether it's a long walk in the park or a cozy evening at home, there's no better time to spark up that connection. Literally introducing Rose Sparks the two in one prescription treatment that helps you get stronger, harder erections, faster. Rose Sparks dissolve right under your tongue and hits the bloodstream quicker, meaning you'll be ready to go in just 15 minutes on average. And with up to 36 hours of action, you've got more time to enjoy yourself. Round after round. With Rose Parks you get thicker, longer erections you want and the stamina that lasts longer, making it more fun for the both of you. It's all about being ready for play. Whenever the moment strikes and the best part, Rose Sparks connect you with a medical provider, a hundred percent online, no awkward in-person visits. If you approve your treatment ships right to your door. If prescribed new sexual health patients gets $15 off sparks on a reoccurring plan, connect with a provider@ro.co slash Nightcap to find if prescription RO sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/ Nightcap for $15 off your first order. Compound drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety info, go to ro.co/safety info.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their nationwide 5G network today. Thank you for joining us all. We'll Lay had a little technical difficulties, but here we are. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, the guy in his Bahama Mama outfit. In the DR from Liberty City, the Bingle Ringer Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you for patiently waiting for us tonight and so many nights that you've stayed up late to be with us. We greatly appreciate your continual support. Go follow my media company on all of this platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. I have on 84 original right here. Everything is restocked and we just dropped our Super Bowl show shirt and back. The link is pen at the top of the chat, suppliers are limited. And remember, once they're gone, they're gone. There's a lot of NFL news to get to and trust me, we're gonna get to that. But let's talk about the NBA leading Cleveland Cavaliers who won their 14th consecutive game on the road tonight.


They beat the Milwaukee Bucks one 12 to 100. The Cav just became the second team to win 14 straight games while scoring at least 110 points in each of those games. The only time that's ever happened, 1986, the Boston Celtics won the title. Max Stru had 17 points to lead a ballot scoring attack. They had their five starters were in double figures, excuse me, they got 38 points from their bench, nine of their 19 may threes from their bench and they pull away late and they defeat the Milwaukee bucks one 12 to 100. And it just goes to show you just how good this team is because we know Donovan Mitchell can go off.


We've seen him score 70, we've seen him half 50. But when you have a team, Evan, Evan Mobley, Jared Allen Darris, Garland Stru, you got Ty Jerome, hunter, Meryl, they really have a really deep team. This is gonna be, look, I still believe it's gonna come down to them in the Boston Celtics. The Boston Celtics, they beat the the Lakers last night. They look really good because you have a guy in Jason Tatum who's gonna be first team all NBA again this year. You have JB Jalen Brown who's gonna be probably second or third team all NBA this year. Yeah, Al Horford played really good last night. You got guys that can make shots. Derrick White, you got really good perimeter defenders and Holiday and Derrick White and then you got a bench man.


Peyton Pritchard is unbelievable off the bench. He should be in the running for six man a year. Yeah. But tonight was all about the Cavaliers. They moved to a record of 54 and 10. The bucks dropped to 36 and 27. The calves ocho. What do you like about the calves? I mean listen, what they can do in their totality as as a Team. You just said it, I thought obviously when it's coming into the season, who would be the biggest threat for the Celtics coming off the NBA championship? To me, I thought it'd be the bucks. I thought it would the Bucks and Dam and Giannis and that combination of what they had. Similar to how Luke and LeBron, I mean Luke and LeBron teamed up, but before Luke even got there, I said, You know what the biggest threat for the Celtics would be would be the buck.


But watching the way the cabs play as a team, You know obviously led by by Garland and Donovan Mitchell, the supporting cast, the bench, everyone is scoring. Look how many, look how many players were in double figures a night when you have a team. All five starters. Yeah, all five starters. When everybody's playing that complete and nobody is off, it makes it that much, much that much more difficult for them to be beat. And I wouldn't be surprised. Hell, a lot of people shouldn't be surprised. I mean most people will call me a casual, You know those are the actual NBA fans. Won't be surprised if they do unseat the Celtics as eBay champions this year. Yeah, I think it's going, I think it'll be a, a deep series. It's going six or at least seven.


I thought the Knicks would be there also because the addition of Carl Anthony Towns, I like that edition better with the Knicks more so than I like that. I like Julius Randall. What's up Timeout? The Knicks on you really put them in that in that running. No, I said I thought coming into the season with the addition of Carl Anthony Towns with Jalen Brunson, look at what they did last year. They're only a two page monster though. Unc. And we talking about score. Score the score that's able to act, actually score, put the ball on the floor and just score at will. It's only Jalen bro in Inch in in Carl. That's It. But look, look at what they got. They got Anna Nobie, they got Mikhail Bridges, they got Josh Hart, Mitchell Robinson hurt. You know him going out because now you, You know Kat's playing, spending a lot of time at the five and he probably, he likes playing at the four.


Right. So if you'd had Mitchell, Robinson and Kat right. Sometimes And you got Princess Precious Chua, they they got, they got a deep team. They they do. I And I thought considering they was gonna be healthy because you got a guy in Kat that can dominate. Yes. Jalen Brunson, we know he can dominate bridges can give you quality points. And Mitch, he's a, they got great defense. OG can defend Josh Hart can defend Mikhail Bridges. He doesn't miss games he can defend. So they had it all. I thought Cleveland would be there, but I didn't see 54 and 10. Now did I think they would be a top three team? Absolutely. Okay. You probably thought Philly would be there also with Joe. L and B, Paul George, George Tyrese, Maxey.


Yes. You probably thought those guys would be there. But injuries maybe Miami. But Jimmy Butler, You know, he got nicked and he was unhappy and they moved him. Yeah. So right now looking at the east, it's a two-headed. It is a two-headed monster. Yes sir. It's the Cavaliers and the Celtics. It looks like the Cavs are gonna have home court, but Boston have one of the better road records in the NBA. So it's not gonna be easy. Do I believe the Cavaliers can have this kind of balance scoring and wind on somebody? One of those two guys, Garland or or Mitchell is gonna probably need to be 25, 30 and then everybody else chip in. But I don't think, because with JB and JT teaming up for last night, they went for 70 and probably on average they're gonna go for anywhere between 50 and 60.


On a given night, you're gonna probably need a little bit more from your, your big gun. But the Cavaliers look really good. And when you have a balanced team and your bench comes in, they give you 38 points on the road. Yes sir. They give you nine of the 19 threes that you made on the road and they got shoot, they got great outside Wave was three or three from the three point line. Hunter did not shoot the BA ball particularly well last night, but he's in the running for six man of the year. Ty Jerome can shoot it. Meryl can shoot it. They're gonna be a tough out Joe. Yeah. They're gonna be a tough out. But the Celtics man, they deep. Yeah. They come in with that second unit and they a, they pick right up. It's kind of reminds you of like, what the Cavs not, excuse me, what the Warriors used to be. Remember they bring their second unit in with Livingston and all those guys.


Yeah. And if it was like a three, four point lead where the time Clay and Steph and Draymond came back, it was a 10 or 11 point lead. A lead. Yeah. Or if they were behind, they came back. The game was tied. So it's, I see a lot of this from the, from the Cavaliers also. I like their bench. I like their depth, their starters are really good. Every moley is a defender who's gotten better offensively. You know what Jerry, you're gonna get from Jared Allen. You don't have to run plays for him. And he could rebound, he could score the basketball a lot of lo he gonna get a lot of his points off the glass rebounding rolling to the rim. But it's gonna be led by that three headed monster of Garland, Mitchell and Mobley. And if they keep playing the way they play, I like them.


I think it, I still believe it's gonna come down to them. Yeah. And the Celtics and the Eastern Conference finals. But You know what, It's gonna be a good matchup. It's good. That's probably what's gonna come down to it ain't probably, that's probably what it's going to come down to. Long as there are no injuries, which I doubt that's gonna happen with it. Not that much time with it must not that much season left into the regular season. So listen, I'm, I'm, I'm excited. I mean I'm, I'm excited, I'm excited for the calves bro. I'm excited for the calves especially I they've been through, especially once LeBron left and, and how how far they've had to come to get to this point where they are now. To where even without, even without King James there, they legit have a shot. They Legit have a shot. Well what, what happened, it was a situation where, where Donovan Mitchell wasn't happy and he asked to be traded.


That was the only way. Yeah. You gotta get a superstar. Yeah. Hold on. If a superstar leaves, that's you have to replace it. Yeah, But that's, that's not only the an that's not the only answer. Not only do you have to have a superstar, but you have to have that supporting Cav. Hell even Batman now you ain't gonna have no success unless you got you a rob. But Here's what happened. Think about it. They, they LeBron leaves and that means you lose and now you're drafting high, you getting a Darius Garland, you get in a Evan Mobley, you getting guys like that, right? You make a trade for Jared Allen. Yeah. Now see now and all of a sudden like, hey man, I kinda like it over there Donna Mitchell said, and boom. So now you got Garland a draft pick, right?


You got Evan Mobley with a top five pick. You got a Jared Allen who can rebound, can defend the paint. You don't have to roll plate run plays for him and he can get your double double. And you got a bonafide superstar in Donovan Mitchell. Right? Who's an all N-B-A-A-A perennial all star. Now you got your team. Yes sir. Now let's build it out right now let's get us some depth. We make the trade for Deandre Hunter. We get, You know, we got Ty Jerome, we got you. Move stru into the start of life. They good? Yeah. I mean sometimes you have to have a little luck. Yep. You have to have a little luck. You get lucky. You got draft compensation ocho that you can ship some of the pieces, pieces out because you gave up Colin Sexton who was a high draft pick. You give him up, you gave up other couple of draft picks and you get Donovan Mitchell.


I like, I like what you just said. The key word you just said there. Obviously drafting, right. But also luck as well because you already had high draft picks. You had picks that came in that were high draft pick that you had to let go and you got others. They were able to feel those spots and feel those voids. But the team they have now, they and the player they've acquired all play well collectively. And I think that's the hard thing to do because you look at some of the big, some of the top three, I call 'em the big three, some of the big three faces that we thought would be in, in the playoffs or playing. Well, Ali, Paul, George, maxi, And B and Maxi. Even just those three together get the injuries part. They still don't, they still haven't lived up to what we thought they would be.


They, they just, well That, that, that's because Joel and BI mean started the season banged up banged. Yeah. Paul George started the season banged up and he hasn't been able to fight his rhythm. Tyrese Maxey is playing extremely well. He's averaging 25, 26, 20, maybe even 27 points a game. So he's doing what you thought he would do and what you would hope he would do. Yeah. It was you missing Joe Evan b somewhere between 28 and 32 points. You missing Paul George somewhere between 19 and 22 points. So you factor that in. Now you getting 80 points. Yeah. Now can we get the bench to give us 35 Ah Lee, man. So when in, in a situation like that, I mean probably something we for should foreseen, considering Joel LMB limped out of the limped out of the season, He gonna limp in it and As soon as the season was over, two months later, he was gonna be Olympic team.


The US national men's team didn't take the rest, didn't get what get he didn't get fixed. Probably what he needed to get fixed. Fixed. Right. So guess what? He limped into the season. Right. And guess what he's doing now? Ocho limping outta the season. Yeah. Hey, I have a question, Paul. Be honest. Be be honest. Be honest. Even if you had the injury, if you were Joel and B with an opportunity to represent your country at the Olympics, knowing that it comes around every, every four years, what would four what would you have done? My obligations to the 76 ERs got. Yeah, got it. 76 ERs got five years of $240 million on the table. How much you make? I get it. And, and I get it because the America, he's from Cameroon and America has given him everything and more he could have asked for.


Yes sir. Now a lot of that has to look, he came here just the land of opportunity. Jordan indeed had a talent. God blessed him. He hit the genetic lottery. He's seven foot tall, he's extremely skilled and boom, he parlayed that. But Ocho Yes sir. Your obligation Philly. Yeah. It, it, it it made you gave you generational wealth. Not that the United States national men's team, not that the, the and, and the gold medal, don't get me wrong, you're representing your country. Right. But bro, you were injured, you lipped out of the season. Right. Shut it down, Get healthy. Right. And then say, You know what, hey 28, boom, your boy here.


Nah, I, no, absolutely not. I I, I need, I, for me, oh, the most important thing. That's why a lot of times, man, when I was in a contract year, man, I ain't trying to go to no Pro Bowl. I ain't trying to get up out there. Ocho not doing, trying to do money. Man. I remember the pro money. Yeah man. Please. Right, Right, right. Like I said, I get, look, maybe it was the Swan song wanted him to get an opportunity. 'cause LeBron is not gonna be there in 28. Steph probably not gonna be there in 28. Right. K say, Hey look, if I'm still hooping to the level and I'm able, hey, I like to play 20, I like to go for five gold medals. He has the most, he has four. And, but KD says, hey, yeah, I would like to go, I would like to try to, You know, run it back on home soil and maybe Joy.


That was something joy. But for me, I'm always go, I'm always gonna be in a situation where I look at who's paying me. Right. That's where my obligation lies, is that who's paying me. So that, that's just me. Okay. At the end of the day, I understand He did what he wanted to do. He did was in the best interest of them. And I know, look, they was looking at France and Wim and Y Sole and you got Giannis and you got Yolk. So you knew probably you're gonna run in, you're gonna run into those guys. Yeah. And you needed somebody to deal with Yolk. You needed somebody that to be able to, You know, to handle the bigs and for other countries, even though it would I get all that.


I, I honestly do, I really do. I don't want people to think I, I'm not empathetic and understanding, but a team invested five years at 240 million. They just gave him a three year ex ocho they gave him a three year extension. Three extens. Yeah. For $193 million. Yeah. I I, I understand. But You know, honestly, if, if you asked, if you ask people especially that would be in his position, what they would do. If you asked a hundred people, you get a hundred different answers. Huh? That, that's, that's why I was curious to what you would say, and I'm curious to the chat, I mean obviously putting yourself in his shoes and his situation with the opportunity to represent, You know, obviously the USA just, just everybody's answer will be different.


But I understand, You know, where you coming from? You know what I think it is Ocho it's my mentality that I play football and my money isn't guaranteed. See he did that 'cause he knows his money is guaranteed. Okay. So it doesn't matter. It Changes everything. Yeah. Hell yeah. It changes everything. It's kinda Like, it's kinda like a salaried worker. They take PTO Well if you're not a salaried worker and you only get paid if you show your black ass up to work, that changes thing. Trust me, I had manual jobs that I only got paid if I showed up to work. Go to work. Right. It's a whole different ball game. If you salaried and You know what I'm saying? Hey, a, when you salary, You know, in a situation where you salary hell I take CTO choice time off.


I'm choosing not to come in today. Right. Because I'm will get my check. Well, when you working manual jobs or you working in an hourly job, right? NBA, that's guaranteed money. MLB, that's guaranteed money. NHL that's guaranteed money. NFL that's not guaranteed money. So maybe that's what's clouding my judgment, don't you? Right Now, don't get me wrong. I think a a a a gold medal is is is very important. I mean, hey, representing your country and for maybe an event maybe a week, maybe two weeks we're one it's us against them. Yeah. I don't care if they, if it's a, if it's a European country, I don't care if it's an African country, it doesn't matter.


We USA we're the stars in Stripe. We the red, white, and blue and we are against everybody else. Yeah. Okay. But like I said, I think it's my, I think it's my, You know, being in the NFL like man I ain't Finn to mess up my buddy. Right, right.


This is Ashley Connet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.


These days it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good Number. One hundred million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Don't miss your window of opportunity. Upgrade your space now during blinds dot com's anniversary sale and save up to 50% sitewide Blinds.com. Elevate your windows with the Number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com offers hundreds of premium window treatment options. Choose from woven wood and Roman shades to blinds, motorized shades and more. All designed to fit your budget without sacrificing. Quality blinds.com brings the showroom to you. With free virtual consultations and samples delivered directly to your door fast and free. Our design experts can help schedule a professional measure and installation plus guidance for DIYers too. blinds.com has been trusted for 29 years, earning thousands of five star reviews. Shop with confidence knowing you'll get upfront pricing, no hidden fees and blinds dot com's. 100% satisfaction guarantee. But hurry, these savings won't last. Shop blinds dot com's anniversary sale happening right now for up to 50% off Sitewide. Save up to 50% sitewide@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Oh, Joe Shea Gil, just Alexander scored 40 points today as the thunder defeated the Denver Nuggets. 1 27 to 1 0 3 and the battle of the two of the west. The top west contenders. But the big news came when Cola Yoic Yolk became the first player at NBA history to record a 30, 20 20 game in overtime. Win against the sons yolk. Finish 31 points, 21 rebounds in a season high 22 assist. He ranks third in points per game. 28 30 rebounds per game. 12.8 second in assist per game. 10.4 the season.


He's averaging more points and more assist than he did when he won the MVP in his three previous seasons. The only thing that's working against him is Shay is playing out of his mind crazy. And they're the Number one seed Crazy work. Any other season you could make a case that Yolk would probably trying to go for five 'cause Joe and B clipped in one year. Yeah, he finished second. He won it last year after previous two years of being back to back and b clipped him and then he comes back and wins again this year. But he, I mean, yolk, I mean, what do you say? I mean I, I I don't really know what to say. I, I, I mean what, what word, what adjective do you want to use to describe what you're seeing from Nicole Yoki?


Man, listen, the resume speaks for itself. The accolades, the MVPs, the numbers, the stats. You, you, I mean you, you watch him play. I I I was, I'm gonna throw a slight comparison out there to somebody who just got traded based on style of play and the way they move and how they have a, a very lethargic style style of play. But I'm gonna let that go because he's very efficient at what he does. He's very, very, very good at what he does. He look exhausted. He looks exhausted in that game though. Toward the end. Who that yolk? Yeah. Yeah, because they Played, I'm not, I'm not trying to say he's outta shape or nothing, You know, I ain't trying to say he's smoking hoop and beer or nothing like that. I'm just saying He like, he gonna get his beer on now. He drank his beer. Oh. But here's the thing. Mojo, he played 41 minutes, the only 48 minutes in the game.


He played 48. Jamal Murray played 42. So that's normally they don't normally play. You normally get to 40 minutes once you go overtime time. Yeah. Or you go double overtime. Guys are not, especially as they start to age. Oh yeah. They don't normally play that many minutes in a regular season game. Now a post-season game. Wait, different game. I'm trying to win. Every game matters. Yes. Yeah. They're not catching, nobody is catching OKC for the top seat. Now you're jocking maybe two through six 'cause you wanna stay outta the play in Right. Seven through 10 is the play in anything above that you pay your, your, your position. You, you, you jock in for a position. Lakers right now, I think they have second percentage points is gonna go back and forth.


LeBron got injured last night and we'll see how that plays out. And then you got Memphis, you got Houston, you got Golden State trying to climb up the ladder. Hmm. But basically you're trying to stay that two through six range 'cause you're not catching OKC for the Number one seed. Yeah. But when you look at what Yolk is doing, and, and like you said today, 24 points, 13 rebounds, nine assist. He had a steal and he only had two turnovers. But like you said, they didn't shoot the ball. Well he was two or 10 from three. Jamal Murrays one of five from three. Michael Porter Jr. Was three of eight from three, even though he shot the ball from the floor really well. But if you go look at it, Porter Jr played 38 minutes. Yo played 41 minutes.


Yeah. Murray played 42 minutes. Yeah. Even Russ played 31 minutes. Russ did had a, yeah, he was one for nine. One of five. They didn't really get a whole lot from the bench. They only got 11. What'd they get? 11, they got 14 points from the bench. And, and that, that's the too, the inconsistency with their bench. Yo is good. Murray is good. But listen, there's one other team outside of OKC where they play collectively. Great. We even when the starters are out, everybody collectively is putting in effort and putting in the work and getting the points. Hell in the fourth quarter, man, they score 41 damn points in the, in the final quarter. Now the only team that had the bench like that is efficient. As soon as they come off, when the starters aren't playing is is the calves it looks, it looks exactly the same way.


Okay. You know what, I don't have a problem even though it's a game of runs. I know mys second, my second unit come in and still keep the game, still keep the game going, still keep the game going forward. Where we in the league, we're, we're still in contention where we don't have to come back into the game and have another, another run where we have to either catch up or try to decrease the league. But yeah. Who you, Shane ain't been sensational. He's been all year. It is a two horse race. I'm gonna ask You that mvp, it's Two horse race. Do you still have, Is It mvp? They dropped Giannis. Yeah. I'm, I'm being, I'm being truthful that y'all, everybody knows that they dropped Giannis. So with that being said, has your Thoughts on the MVP changed based on the way yo jokers playing?


Nah, Shea it still. Okay. Okay. I just wanted make, Yeah, he leading the league in scoring his team is Number one. He has the most 20 point games. 30 point games. 40 point games. 50 point games. Yeah. No, my, my and I think everybody knows, y'all know what I think about Yolk, he's been one of my favorite players since he got into the NBA. You kind of figured out who he was because at first Yusef Ner, they was in the same draft. They took IC and then they took him in the second round. With that being said, you could see they traded, they traded nerc and you or you could understand why now I don't think they knew he would beat this. Yeah. I mean you could see probably you see him in practice and you see him doing things right. I don't think I, I I don't think, I don't think they thought he would be this now a three time MVP potentially.


I'm gonna be shocked if he doesn't win another MVP. Yeah. I'm gonna be shocked. Now. Stranger things have happened. LeBron James had four MVPs from by the age of 28. Yes sir. And never won another one. So that's not to say it's guaranteed, but it's hard with the numbers that he's putting up saying that the voters are gonna know. Yeah. That's, that's crazy. But yeah, this is, this is shade 53 and 53 and 11 is their record. 54 and 10 is the, is the C'S record so crazy? Who's gonna have the best record in the NBA LeBron is expected to miss one to two weeks with a groin strain according to shams.


LeBron will wait for the groin injury to calm down over the next 24 hours and receive another evaluation. You know, they probably, You know, at that point in time or Joe, You know, once it happens, yeah, they're telling C seeing how tender you are, it probably have a little inflammation in there. They're probably doing the strength test to see how much strength you have in the leg. Trying to a keep, Hey, don't let me push it down. Okay. Don't let me pick it up. Things of that nature. And so now probably that happened. What fri that happened last night, right? Sunday. So probably tomorrow they'll get an MR mri ah, for the assess it and see where, where, where it is. You, you, you, You Know, You know how, based on this injury and extent, how much time will be missed?


Or should he shut it down and just wait and allow Luca to carry everything? What, what you think? Well, the thing is, is that he's gonna try to get back at it. It is all gonna be contention on how serious the injury is. The last thing you want do is come back too soon and tweak it. Now that you, I think if he takes two weeks, right? He's played what, 57 games? He just needs another eight games to qualify for all NBA's things of that nature. Right. But they, the two slot, you don't wanna slide all the way down. Now they do have Luca and that's the luxury of having two superstars that when one goes down, the other can pick up the slack. Right. We know Luca can carry a load. Austin Reeves can help.


It hurts that RU is not there. But I, 'cause I don't know where else they're gonna get the production Right. That they need from a third scoring option. Is Rui not there? Right. Benny Smith is inconsistent. Vanderbilt is more of a a, a defender. I like connect but he leaves a lot to be desired on the defensive end. He gets lost in translation a lot. But it it, I mean and they were just, they were playing extremely well. Yes sir. And this, this happens very unfortunate, but like you said, maybe this is something, this is what you, this is what, this is why you trade for a Luca, a guy that you gonna put the ball in his hands.


He can control pace. Yep. He's gonna get to where he wants. All you gotta do is knock down shots. 'cause he gonna find you. Now they gonna bli him. They gonna try to get the ball out of his hands. They're not gonna let him beat you. Somebody gonna be open no matter what. Yes, Yes. When you get the ball in your hands, you, you gotta make your shots. That's all it comes. That's all it comes down to. That's what it comes down to. Ocho the bills and Josh Allen reached an agreement on a new record setting contract six years, 330 million a contract that includes 200 a quarter of a belly. Mm. The largest guarantee ever given to an NFL player. Allen had four years left on his deal. But the bills will reward their franchise quarterback with a new benchmark deal.


The last 100 days been pretty good for Jared Allen On 1129. 24 Josh, he got engaged to Haley Stanfield in 2 6 25. He won his very first N-F-L-M-V-P on 3 9 25. He agreed to the reaches con richest contract in NFL history. Hmm. Six years. 330 million if I'm not mistaken. Ocho. Yeah. He gets a hundred million. No, that was, that's what you call his contract. How much he got. He got 143 million. How much you got guaranteed fully G 2 50 50. I'm thinking about Miles G two 50. So that passes to Deshaun's two 30. Remember Deshaun got 2 32 30.


Yeah. Guaranteed. Yeah. Basically he got his whole contract guaranteed. Yeah. Yeah. He got all with 80 million of his guaranteed. Yeah. You, you, you notice, you notice something we talked about a few shows ago. Josh Allen. I keep saying Jared Allen. Josh Allen. Yeah. I remember we talked about something not too long ago. When it comes to quarterbacks, yes. Every time they get married, every time they get engaged, You know how everything else they got going on. Paul Just see like stuff, stuff around start to blossom. My ocho I mean it's, it's, it's, I don't know if it's, if it's part of tradition, if it's something that they have in a, in a clause, if it's part of some type of ceremony, every single one of them that get married or gets engaged or that has a partner that is a, the, the face of a franchise, which Josh Allen is, and there's some other examples as you can probably say once I'm done talking that I can't think of right now off the top of my head.


You know the Bradys, You know the Peyton Mannings, the Drew Brees, the Matthew staff, Lord, I mean I can keep, I can keep going on and on. A common denominator is marriage. A woman senior just for some reason it seems like everything else in life, once you do that part, everything else just falls right in line. So what does, what, so what does that tell you? You and I need to do? Yeah. Keeps you out the streets. Keeps you from chasing you home studying. Yeah. You got a confidant, you got somebody that's, that's there for you. That you can come home, you can vent, you can vent too. When things are not going well, they understand your situation. Babe, look, I a I'm trying to be one of the, I'm trying to be one of the best, if not the best to have ever played this game.


Mm. I need as little distraction as possible. Now they're gonna be days I come home and I had a bad day at work and I'm gonna be able to bring that home to you baby. And hopefully you understand. But babe, you and I can never be at a pro, be in a situation where I take you to work. It can never get that bad. I'm gonna need you to understand baby. Come on now. There gonna be days, there gonna be games where I don't play well and I'm gonna be moody as hell. Come on. Now understand, don't take that as, take that. Don't take it with anything but love. Don't take it with anything but love babe. 'cause I do love you. But this is a very physically demanding, this is a very emotionally demanding and this is a very psychologically demanding game. It is.


It it plays with your mental. Yeah. And babe, all I ask you to be patient with me, That's all. And look, look at the reward. Look at the look at the reward with patience. Yeah. Unbelievable. But listen, listen. Most guaranteed money, Ocho lemme get before you finish your thought. Wait. Most guaranteed money Josh Allen 250000002nd most guaranteed money. Deshaun Watson, 230000003rd most guaranteed money. Dak Prescott 2 29 0.4. Joe Burrow. Two 19 Allen becomes the first player in the NFL history. Recorded at least 25 touchdown passes. 10 touchdown runs with fewer than 10 interceptions in a single season.


He finished the season 28 rushing. 28 passing touchdowns. 12 rushing touchdowns, six interceptions. Hey, in recent days the bills Josh Allen, six years, three 30, Gregory Russo, four years, 80 million. Terrell Barnard, four years, 50 million Khalid Shaki. Four years, 53 million. So you see what they're doing? They're rewarding the players that they drafted. Keep it together because you gonna, if if if you go outside, you see to get a a miles gar, you see what you had to play? Oh yeah. You gotta put two, you gotta put two of that, that that 180.


You gotta put two of that together. If you go get a linebacker, you see what you gonna have to pay? Yeah. You gonna get a wide receiver. You see what you gonna have to pay what you call it. You just got a Devonte just got two years at 50. At 52 million. Sha Secure got four years at 53. So if I can keep my players and I can keep and I can get 'em. But you see, oh Joe, you see quarterback? Yeah. Josh Allen have four years on this deal. Yeah. They make that go all the way to the, they made what you call it play all the way damn near to the end of this contract. Hey Chase, They under, they understand. They, they know they, You know who you can play with and You know who you can't But see, but Harry, what happened?


You know what? Now you see what happened. Now the GM for the You Bengals. Yes sir. Said at the combine. Yeah. DeMar Chase is gonna be the highest paid non quarterback. Now I don't know if he noticed the past two days. Yeah. What the two quarter, two non quarterbacks got. Oh yeah. Now I told you Chase was going for North a 40 because that's, that's just what Miles Gary just received. We gonna talk, let's go ahead and talk about Miles Gad. Yeah, yeah. We talk about dk we'll talk about DK first. DK Metcalf was traded for a second rounder to the Pittsburgh Steelers. The teams are flipping picks in the sixth round and seventh round as well. In 2025. He was set to be in his final year of his contract.


But DK is signing a new five year, $150 million contract making the deal the largest in franchise history in terms of new money. Steelers wide receivers now, George Pickens, Calvin Austin II DK Met Metcalf finished in the top 10 among Qual 138 qualified players in yards per reception in 2024. Alec Pierce was Number one at over 22 yards. Jameson Williams, seven over 17 yards. Rashad Bateman at about 17 yards. AJ Brown was 16 yards. Calvin Ridley 16 yards. Pickens was 15.3 and DK was 15 and Calvin lost was 15.2.


So they got three guides that are big play potential. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. And listen, that's what I like Brother Arthur Smith. You ain't got to do much. Sometimes you get players on your team that make your job a lot easier as officer coordinator Who throwing the ball? Me. You Man. Listen, we, we talk about DK Pickens together as a duo. I don't care if the Sisters of the Northw quarterback for the steal, you get them boys the ball who Throw the ball. Me or you. But you Ain't, you ain't hear what I said. It could have been. Yes. The one of the sisters of the north, one of the nuns. You got George Pickens, you got Dk Metcal as the officer coordinator. It's not hard. You don't have to make things complicated.


Understand your skill sets in the receiver that you have and put them in position to make plays. Okay. If it wasn't that hard, why was George Pickens always upset? Oh 'cause they, they, they didn't know how to get involved. Well you said it don't matter. Oh no. I'm telling you how easy it is for me as a receiver. Now I had, they ain't got nothing to do with what, what they got. They got an offense. They got a offense. But Even you had trouble getting the ball sometimes, didn't it? Me? Oh yeah. Yeah. Sometimes you lemme tell you something. I know you had them games like that, them games. You're going, yes, you're going to play. And the defensive coordinator say, You know what, I don't come hell or high water. You not Finn to beat this. Hey, He not beat me. Not, not today. I I hate those kind of days. And you ha you have to weather the storm. Yes. Obviously George Pickers being young, he didn't understand that.


But he, he, he had his spare share of those games. And George Pickett looking like, hold on, wait a minute. I, what, what, what about what, what, what, what about me? Oh, hey, listen dude, remember I remember I told you remember I I told you I talked to Pickers. Right? Remember I told you? Yeah. I guarantee he don't have no problem this year. But I I hope not. Wait, listen to me. You trust me. You, you ain't gonna have from, from pick, even if he doesn't get a contract extension this year after he plays this year out with no issues. Watch what he get next year. Yeah. He, he gonna be all right because it is money time now. Ain't no time to play with your bag. You work too hard to get to the point you at now, You know, you've had your ups and down so far early in your career, You know, we've had a, a conversation and with great understanding, they not gonna give you too many chances for there too many opportunities for people that are waiting right behind you.


You can't, you can't blow, you can't blow a chance because you only going, you only going get so many opportunities. But he, he gonna be all right. He gonna get his money. He might not get it this year. You know, this, this would be a somewhat of be trial year to see if you can for one, You know, do things the right way. Not be a distraction, be on time, You know, and show up week in and week out with a positive mindset and contribute hard all the time and get the job done. Then you, you'll be rewarded on the back end. You, He, he, I mean, pretty soon Watts gonna want a like, hold on bro. Who, man, y'all see what all these guys got? Wait, who? Nick TJ Watt.


Oh, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hold on. I'm TJ Wat in top three? In the top three is his position there and getting paid. I ain't Got no guaranteed money. He probably ain't got no where's tj y He probably got no guaranteed Money on it. Not no more. No, not no more. And what happens with guys don't have guaranteed money, they start with requesting phantom trades. That's The, see, that's the quicker way to get some money. Ocho Yeah. It just like, Hey Listen, I'm leaving it. Okay babe. I would do right. Yeah. It it worked, it worked for Miles Gary, didn't it? Yeah, but I think he meant that though. He meant that he he would, he was dead serious. He was dead serious. If You, lemme ask you a question. If you, if he got traded, do you think another team wouldn't have given him that money?


They would've paid, they would've paid double. I mean, no disrespect. They would've paid, they would've overpaid. I They they'd gave him, they gave paid exactly what he got in Cleveland. They would've gave him that on a winning team. Oh Yeah. But Miles Garrett didn't have any more guaranteed money. Yeah. On that.


This is Ashley Connet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh Com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up, give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American Dream isn't dying, is just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah. And we're from the Grownup Stuff podcast. And just in time for tax season. On this week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes and 17% of Gen Zers believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense. So can't blame them. It's really important to do your taxes right. Listen to grownup stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts Grown up stuff.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now It Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.


The stimulus significant. Upgraded the wide receiver room, but still don't have a quarterback under contract for 2025. Both Justin Fields and Russell Wilson are slated to be free ages when the new league year opens on Wednesday afternoon. Ocho, you're the Steelers. Are you going out? Aaron Rogers is available. Maybe Kirk Cousins is available. Or do you bring, you're not bringing both of these guys back? No. It's going to be one or the other. Or are you going outside of the building to find you a quarterback? You know what, I, I'm not sure. I'm not sure what's going on going on over there in Pittsburgh. Thinking about Mike Tomlin obviously making Russell Wilson the starter once he got back from, from, from being injured, knowing them, I would think they would want another veteran presence.


I, I would say bringing a, a Kirk Cousins, maybe an Aaron Rogers, I mean Aaron Aaron Rogers would fit well. And I think maybe Justin Fields, Justin Fields comes back because he is younger. They allow, they allow Russell Wilson, who wouldn't, who wouldn't be the, a leader of men on another team and be a starter on another team who probably will get that chance to be a starter again somewhere else. I'm not sure. I'm not sure where, what is Seattle gonna do? I'm thinking about Russell Wilson making a reunion back in Seattle despite Pete Carroll not being there because Gino Smith is gone. Nah, I You don't like it? Nah, I don't see that happening. Maybe Sam Donald is gonna be available, is looking, I mean, from what I'm reading and hearing and seeing, it seems less and less likely.


He's going back to Minnesota. He's gonna be available and go win. Now that Matthew Stafford has found a home, he's back with the Rams. The Jets need a quarterback. Seattle need a quarterback. Pittsburgh needs a quarterback. Hold on. Sam Donald just coming. Let's, let's, and I mean, no disrespect Sam Donald is coming off an offense with Justin Jefferson. Addison. Hawkinson Hawkinson. So we have to be careful by her. Beware. You know, we saw him without those type of receivers and what happened in New York.


In Carolina, and you see a resurgence in production when he goes to a team where it's supporting cast is elite. Now, teams that are, that are in, in, or are vying for, for Sam Donald, what do you supporting cast before you go and pay him all this money? Yeah, I definitely think you need a supporting cast and you need somebody, Kevin o College, one of the better offensive play callers in all of football. Yes. It's pri is Pittsburgh an option? I don't the kinda money that he's gonna command. And you just gave a receiver 33, basically average 33 million a year. Ocho George Pickens. Basically, if you don't sign him, I mean they could franchise him.


Right? But that number is probably gonna be whatever's what it's gonna be. You got t tj, he's gonna probably want something after the year because, You know, he, he gets double digit sacks every year. Every year. And it's better to pay early than to pay late, late because you see what the Cowboys did by waiting to pay Micah playing around two guys, two guys. Now he said he don't wanna be the highest paid, but it's gonna be interesting to see. It's hard. It's ocho it is hard to make $30 million a year and get the kinda guaranteed money that Bowes Gary got Nicole ly congratulations. She did an unbelievable job. I met her at the UFC fight, if I'm not mistaken. I think she's Jalen Hertz agent too, right?


Nicole Lynch, black Superwoman. Congratulations. It's always, it's always great when we do great things. I, I don't me in Pittsburgh, I don't think he's an option. I don't think Sam darling's an option. He's gonna want, th he's gonna want 30 B North. He's gonna probably want 35 40. Okay. 35, 30 quarterback, $33 million receiver. They probably need to invest in offensive some offensive line. Yeah, because they, I I, I think Nige Harris, I don't see him, I don't see him coming back. They didn't pick up his final, they didn't pick up his fifth year option. That's rude. That it that, huh? But that's what I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just thinking, I'm trying to figure out the quarterback for Pittsburgh, Russell and Fields half familiarity with Arthur Smith and that offense cousins.


But cousins got, You know, guaranteed money. He got another 40 million guaranteed this year. Jesus. And, and, and he lacks mobility. Yeah. And the one miles, Garrett can chase your ass down. You need somebody that's, you need some mobile quarterbacks that Can move, especially in today's game. I mean, the game is evolved. The, the position quarterback has evolved. You know, sometimes you do have some, some quarterbacks that are just strictly pocket passes. But most of the quarterbacks, if you look at the landscape, the league, everybody is a dual threat. They can play off script. You know, if you call the players offensive coordinator and you go through progression, it's not there. You have a, a lot of quarterbacks now that can make things happen with their legs and extend plays.


It's needed, You know, in today's game. Unless you are elite. Unless you are elite, You know, from, from, from, from the, the upper body up. You know, when it comes to what you're able to do as far as processing, you have the arm. Yeah. It's hard. O Joe. O Joe. When you look at it, look at the last three quarterbacks that were just mainly stationary. Drew Brees, Peyton Manning and, and Tom Brady And 12. Yeah. All three of those guys had the all time pass yard that you mark. Yeah. All three possessed at one point in time. The most touchdown passes. Yes, sir. Did Drew, I think Drew did catch, did Drew Catch?


I think he did pass Peyton and then, and then Brady broke his record. Right? I think it's something like that. But, but you look at, you look at what, You know, 60 plus thousand and 70,000 yards and 500 touchdowns, 600 touchdowns. That's crazy. Now the game is so athletic, it's hard for those guys to just be stationary targets, even with the process and the process. 'cause they'll get you, man, them guys are good Every time. Those d linemen are good. They, they, I mean D lineman now running 4, 7, 4 sixes. You just Yep. Where before, hey, you got a D lineman, he ran four nine, boy, he was hell. Now you go to D-Lab and run it four down. You like, bro, what, what's the problem?


You got Briggs in your pockets. I need to, yeah, I need to know. Brady has the record at 6 49. Drew Bre broke Peyton Manning's record of 5 39 with 5 71 Tom broke Drew's record with 6 49. Oh, that's crazy. That the number, That's a, that's a, that's a, and if those guys basically did really nothing with their legs, everything was from waist up. That's it. Basically everything was from the neck up. 'cause none of those guys had Mahomes arm, Marino's arm, Elway arm. Now, everything, all these guys that I mentioned probably couldn't break a a, a window with a brick.


A very, but very active. They pick your ass apart Every time. Hey, like a, like a surgeon. Yeah, like a surgeon. They, they will go to work Car, your face giving bird ocho just nice and diced. But that's interesting. Now look, the Steelers said that we made enough of this because the Steelers don't normally Ocho You know the Steelers you play in that division. So do I. They don't normally this is not the kind of moves they normally make. No. And actually they, they have to do this though. Huh? You know, in order to, for things to change, you have to go outside of your normal routine. You gotta, you gotta do things you haven't done.


If the way you've been doing it, it hasn't worked and it hasn't been working, obviously you have the, the, the rumblings from outside should tell them be fired, should tell 'em to come back. You gotta change things. You gotta change up the way you do things. And this is kind of outta character for them. And they went out and made some moves that they feel necessary to get back in a content, not only in the A FC North, but get back to the win ways that have always been a part of, You know, the Steeler organization in general. And how do you do that By doing stuff like this. Now you need a quarterback though. Yeah, because the Steelers normally they believe in their players. They reward their players. They don't normally take on Another team Burdensome or cumbersome contracts.


That's nor that's not what they do. They signed Russ. But Denver paid the bulk of that salary. They gave him a minimum. Denver was paying that 38 or whatever the million worth. 39. Denver paid that. You go back and look at it, they normally get off their receivers. Look at yy Fig Pen. They let him go Plexico. They let him go. What's your guy? San Antonio Holmes. They let him go Sanders. They let him go. Manuel Sanders, they let him go. What's the guy that had speed for days? Mike Walker ended up going to Mike. Mike Wallace. Wallace. They let him go. Yeah, you see them go, they let him go. Yeah. That's, this is normally, if you go back and look at it, this is not what the Steelers normally do. But This, this is also the funny thing.


Look at all the names you just named. Right. Do you understand All of 'em came back to back to back to back to, yes. So they've, Nobody could draft receivers like the Steelers or the Bengals. Now that's One thing they can do. They can draft receivers or The Steelers in the Bengals if's. Something about the receiver. If you got, look, if you can go back as far as you can, the Bengals have always drafted. Well when it comes to receivers. 'cause every year after the error ends, they got another one. I was there. Oh, they had Juju Ju Yeah, I forgot about Juju. I was in Cincinnati. Hees Ward. Hees retired. But I'm saying yeah, all the other guys that we mentioned, Ocho, they left. Yeah, Antoine Rle left. I mean, you go, go back and look. I think he came back though. He came back. I think he went to Washington and I think he ended up coming back, if I'm not mistaken.


Right. Don't quote me, but I think he might have did come back. But, so this is very outta character. Uncharacteristic of the Steelers trading for a guy paying him a ton of money. Steelers, normally they play their own. They don't normally pay someone else. But yeah. Congratulations dk going on. He wanted a, he went talked. They talked about a contract. He wanted a contract extension. They didn't, They wasn't talking right. They wasn't talking Right. Mean listen, the Seahawks blew up everything. Huh? I don't know what, I don't know what they doing over there. They got something. I know what they got up under their sleeve. I don't know if they going to the draft or they know something that they, some acquisition they gonna get in the, in the, in the off season or they talking to somebody.


I mean, DK gone. You let, you let the preacher and Tyler lock Tyler Lockett go. You let Gino Smith go down to Las Vegas. I mean, Well let's get into that right now. Then. Ocho the Raiders have traded for Gino Smith reuniting him with Pete Carroll, the Vegas Raiders. Las Vegas gave up a 2025 third round pick 92 overall for Smith. The deal ends his six year stint in Seattle where he revived his career and became a two time Pro Bowl selection. Smith has one year left on his contract at $31 million. The Raiders are taking on all $31 million of that. It's, it is a surp. It's surprising that the Seahawks are blowing this thing all up. Ocho considering they were 10 and seven last year.


Last. Yeah. Gino gone. DK gone. Tyler Lockett gone. What's going on Ocho? Hey listen, I, boy, if I knew the answer, I'd tell you, You know, I don't understand what they're doing, especially based off what they did last year. They, they win ten seven, but I'm assuming front office GM ownership, they have a feeling that they can find better production elsewhere. But I don't understand how you have to have, you have to have a veteran presence for one. You got to have super a, a superstar. I know obviously it's a team game. It's not like basketball where you have a Luca and You know you have a LeBron game. But, but one, you need a quarterback. You not getting nothing done without that. So the only person left right now in Jackson Smith.


JS I'm gonna just say JSN 'cause I, I stayed, but Jackson Smith and Jig book. Yeah, Yeah. I, I stayed butchering a young bull name. And so you got JSNI know he's sitting there like that fresh Prince meme with fresh Well Will Smith just sitting in the middle of the house and the house is empty. Yeah, That's it. Who, who, Who, who, who gonna throw me The ball? And man, listen. And that's the most important part. Especially if you're serious about winning. If you're serious about winning, especially coming off a 10 to seven season. So listen, heads my roll. Well, this was a, this was a methodical process. This happened in 2013. Wait, to who?


When Seattle didn't give that ball to beast mode. Oh, that end of Seattle. Because they started dismantling ocho peace by piece. Cam leaves cha, April leaves, Bennett leaves every piece. Shem leaves Earl leaves Earl. Yeah. Boom. There's no more legion of boom. That Was their idea. Now those receivers, they start to, what was the one that what? 89? What's his name? Ball. Ball. Baldman. Doug Bowling. Oh, we had some night. Boom. He starts to leak. Lot of boom boom. And you see OCHO systematically.


Yeah. Beast mode Gone. Russ gone piece by piece. It's the nature of the, here We Are, it's the nature of the Venice. It's a slow leak. And you never notice it until all the water's gone. And that's exactly what they hit. Now all the water is gone. And you got one dude standing there. Well this is what y'all left me with. Oh. And, and remember they ended up letting it be Wags go. Malcolm Smith gone. Yeah, they Did let Bobby go down to the commanders. Yeah. That's crazy. So that was, that was the beginning of the end. I used to have a podcast. A podcast called Mild and Off. And I'll never forget it.


Ocho I said it that that was a Sunday that went up. I said, they'll never be the same. I said, it's over. Yeah. Never gonna be the same. You were right. They're not gonna believe. They're not gonna believe. They're not gonna believe they're not not gonna trust Pete anymore. And Pete and them had a tendency, they threw the ball down near 100% of the time. In that situation with three receivers on the field, they didn't break tendency. Damn. Gotta break tendency. Yeah. Sometimes you have to scout yourself. I mean, we would always, after every so often we take time to scout ourself.


Ocho in this formation, we're 80% of this. We've gotta break tendencies. Right. In this formation. We're 90% of this in this formation. We throw the ball a hundred percent of the time. We gotta run it. Some guys. Yeah, you got to, sometimes you have to scout yourself and you don't want to have to do it after something catastrophic has happened. Yeah, Probably. They go back and look at it. Man, that three receiver said, well man, we throw the ball and you run that. The moment, the moment that slot receiver is pressed, you got a audible. Yeah. I mean li listen Ru because, because, because he's not gonna be able to push up field to make the corner the outside guy bubble.


He has to make him bubble. If he don't make him bubble ocho, he has a straight line and he gonna beat your guy to the ball. Every time. Every time. Once you saw, because normally you see, because when you get a formation like that, one guy needs to be off and one guy needs to be pressed to make sure you don't get picked. Right. That's why if you notice, a lot of times they're like, Hey, one of us got a press, one of us play off so we don't get picked. Well if you go back and look, Butler was off. Brandon Browner was in the slot. Yeah. He pressed. Yep. I would've came off of that So fast and understanding, what was Brandon Browner strength being right up there.


Press corner being right up there. He gonna Hold. Yeah. What He Gonna do? Hey, he, oh Joe, what? First of all, you already in the tight a line. Where are you gonna go? Right. Run into the tackle. He knows that you gotta push up. Yep. Because how many times you think he saw that when he was in Seattle? I come on now. So now Slot has press. He doesn't get off. Butler Right there Doesn't have to bubble. Everything went well. 'cause Ocho more times than not, he don't, the guys ain't catching that ball. Ocho. That's point blank.


Yeah. Think about it. Think about how close that was. Because they're only one. So as, let's just say, and Russell take a three step drop. So that's only six yards. Yep. And Russell is firing the ball. He's coming this way and the ball's coming that way. And he catches it. He catches it. Yeah. That's crazy. It is. But Seattle, I hope y'all guys know what y'all doing. 'cause that division, I don't think, I think it, it all gonna be contingent on what happens with a Purdy. I'm sure they're gonna try to get him done.


The Rams look good. They got Devonte now they got Puka. They got Kyron Williams Stafford is back. They got a defense. Defense is really, really good. You know how difficult it is to go from well, Cooper Cup. Cooper Cup hasn't been released and hasn't been traded yet. What happen if they keep cut but they can't with that cap number right? With that number, huh? No. You know how hard they, yeah, You gonna take a pay cut. You know how hard it is to go from one route runner to another that just that just as good if not better. And bringing Devante Adams in, in the right type of system, man, it's finna be beautiful over there.


The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks like Lay's chips, garden veggie straws, planters nuts, or sweet treats from m and ms and Oreo plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Hey, Janice Torres here And I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit Quickbooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, Quickbooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.