
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a round up of the week's top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on Lit tablet. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers To get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. Won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


O Joe Lamar was absolutely frustrated and disappointed. Postgame, let's take a listen to his comments. After the game. Shit First half, I had two costly turnovers. Me not holding the safety, me just knowing the covering me, knowing it was mad. Threw a BS interception. Gabe, we, it was seven seven at the time. I believe they scored after that battle back fumble snap. Trying to make something happen and know couldn't throw It was like A-A-R-P-O play. So I couldn't really throw the ball to like, you know, the law officer line down the field. So I trying to make something happen, tried to squeeze the ball, picked it up, got some yards that that led to points for them. So it's a team effort out there.


You know, he been busting his behind, he making plays happen out there on FP for us came up short. And like I've been saying all season, every time we in situations like this, turnovers play a factor. Putting these player factor today, well tonight the turnover, we can't have that shit, you know? And that's why we lost the game. 'cause as you can see, moving the ball wonderfully it is. Hold on to the fucking ball. I'm sorry for my language. This shit annoying, tired of shit. Mm. Do frustrated. Yeah because like I said, I believe he the there, there's some times you lose Ocho and you like you can lose and like, we should have won this game. But I'm not so sure we're the better team. Right? I believe deep down to a man, Ravens believe they're the better team.


Yeah. We played 'em early in the year. Nothing changed. They got the same players. We got the same players. The location really shouldn't matter. No, because Ocho, we've lost games. Like on our Super Bowl run ocho, every team that beat us, we lost to Kansas City. In Kansas City in the regular season. Right. Come back in the playoffs, beat 'em because we felt we were the better team. Pittsburgh beat us in Pittsburgh during the regular season. Right. We went back and got that ass. Yeah. Because we felt we were the better team. And Mike showed us, you don't turn the ball over. Think about this here. You don't turn the ball over here. We don't give them extra possessions. Right. If we, we don't turn the ball over, that team can't beat us.


Right. While you bull driving, he right. Yeah. And most of the time it don't hit you till after the fact. You not thinking about o you. Right. But when he, when he showed us those clips Ocho, we watching it, he said, look at this right here. If we hold this block a little longer, tell me what's gonna happen. Yeah. Seven gonna hit 84, he gonna hit. Look at Rod. Look at Rod. Come free on this play. Hey, you get your head inside across this. Look at this gap. The TD got to run through, right? Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. Oh, okay. Pittsburgh, we got something for y'all ass. Are we coming back to get that?


And with a Super Bowl birth on the line. And that's what we, that's the way we approached it. Hey, we don't turn the ball over against Kansas City. They can't beat us with that pedestrian ass offense. They can't beat us. You know, they can't, they can't Wait. Matter of fact, I got a question. Yeah. Was priest ho? No, that, that's two. Nah, I played against priest. Priest was on our Super Bowl team in Baltimore. Okay. Okay. And then, and then he was a free agent. He goes to Kansas City. But what y'all saw priests do in Kansas City, he's doing that practice. Yeah. Hey priest, preach. Do that again. We put priests in the game. Priest was, priest was just like that. What you saw him do?


I say, oh, he gonna be special. I said, Lord have mercy. I sure wish we could keep him. Listen. See he had one of the prettiest running, running styles and running forms. Him and the Mon Green, The priest, Well they were nice. And he like, Hey, he like Shaa. I had to baptize him, man. He was a guy, man. I hate, I hate that he had that injury Ocho. 'cause you know, he had a very similar injury to what Bo Jackson had. Well, Jackson had, yeah. Very, a very similar injury. Same thing. Hip popped outta a socket. Yeah. He was able to come back once, but he w he was never, he was never the same place. The same. Yeah. It, it wasn't to the extent, but it was very similar injury.


But you could hear Lamar talking, you could hear the frustration. Yeah. Obviously the NFL would've would like it if he, if he didn't curse me. Like he said, man, I'm sorry for my language. And, and the, the frustration is built up because the finality of it O ocho to get them to get them trash bags tomorrow. Yeah. Lamar's gonna be at the Super Bowl and he ain't gonna be a participant in it. He wanted to be at the Super Bowl ocho and then at the honors they have him, he's in a conference room and he's talking about congratulations, you know, Hey, I wanna thank everybody that voted for me. The team. This is a team. MVP, my teammates Derrick Harry, the offensive line coach.


Hard believe in him. That's what he wanted. He wanted to do that, he wanted to do that. He wanted to do that interview ocho. Yeah. Via Zoom. Yeah. I don't wanna be there in front of that audience to hold that trophy up. I don't wanna do that. I wanna thank y'all. I want a trophy to be sitting beside me. I wanna hold a trophy up from my room, from the conference room and have my offensive linemen and have my teammates behind me. Right. That's what I wanted. So it's bittersweet. I I, I could, I could. And see the thing is with him, I noticed with like, when he gets like frustrated, he start bouncing, he start going side to side, move side And side, He starts. So he really, he's really agitated.


He hot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I could, I could, I could tell people keep commenting that I never liked Lamar. I implore you to go, oh, hello. Can we put that up there? There there's, yeah. Play that. Let him let him, let him listen to that. I can't. I can't. I can't because it's because it's somebody else. It's somebody. It's, it's undisputed. So we, we'll get back in the same kind of kind of issue again. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, they definitely gonna do that. Me boy. Oh, okay. But if you go back and look at the, I can't even put, can I put it up on my, in my, my I Hold On.


I I could put it up though, right? Oh, your I on your ig. Yeah. No, not forget ig. Everybody that's watching the chat on Twitter, all, all them follow me on Twitter right now anyway. Yes. So I can just say, this is what Shannon's talking about. Listen to this real quick. Yes. Yes. Okay, hold on. I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do that real quick. This ain't got, this ain't got nothing to do with like, or dislike. Right. I'm just giving you the fact with a guy just like Jerry go. So I guess I didn't like Jerry go, 'cause I poured out. He turned the ball over. That led to them losing the game. I mentioned the drops by Andrews. He's gonna be the, he's gonna probably be even more disappointed than, than, than than Lamar. He had a big drop. He had a fumble that led the point.


He had led to three points. He had to drop the two point conversion. So he's gonna be, but I, I let look, they said that when I used to kill Tony Romo, I didn't like white quarterbacks. I killed Aaron Rogers. I don't like quarterback. I killed banker. I didn't like black, white quarterback. If I say something by the black, oh, I don't like black. I hate my own people. So I, I can think I'm doing something right because y'all say I don't really like anybody When Mahomes doesn't play well, I point that out. Have I not pointed out that Mahomes didn't play well, of course turnovers help you lose a ball game. My point was people are like, well you didn't like Joe Burrow and he got, ain't got nothing to do with, like I'm saying his turnovers is costing his team.


It doesn't, how matter how well you play, if you turn the ball over, you gonna lose. Yeah. Go back and look at Lamar Ash. How many, how many yards did Lamar have in his first playoff game it against the Titans? He, I think he had over 500 yards of total offense. I think he had like 300 passing go back and get, go back and give me Lamar's first. But he had turnover, his first playoff game against the Tennessee Titan. They were, they, that was the first year that he won the MVP bear with us. Just a second.


But he, remember I chose, that was the year he had 36 and six. Yeah. No, no, no. Not his first, second year. The year he won the MVP, the first game he started halfway through the season, they ended up losing to, they lost to the charges. Ocho the charges put like four safeties on the field to match his speed. Matter of fact, for for the, for those of you that, that are Put, put it on, put it on the iPad at Ash go. What you saying Ocho? No, I for say, for those of you that are in the chat, to give you better context, better context on on, on what UNC had to say about Lamar Jackson, for those of you that feel he doesn't like him because he is critical of him. When he doesn't play well, I just, I just tweeted it out short.


YouTube clip. If you have opportunity, even while you watching here, you can go, go to my Twitter page, my Twitter to my ex page. It's the last thing I tweeted. And just listen to the things he had to say once Lamar got drafted and, and really basically everything UNC said, you know, before it even happened, kind of turned and came into fruition. So you can, you can listen to it real quick and that'll give you a better assessment on how he feels about Lamar despite him being critical when he doesn't play well. But that, that'll ruin the argument though. Ocho and then you won't have anything to say. You can't get, you won't get to say, you won't get to say UNC Buck dancing UNCs or Tom UNCs Coy. Yeah. Won't just step in fetch.


See, they won't get to say that. I gotta, I've gotta keep, I've gotta stick with the twin. Gimme this rush y'all, gimme this rush thing too. Also Ash, then Ocho, I won't be able to follow the Twitter mob. Right? See, we'll Mob, we gotta stick together. See if, if I don't, if see if what the Twitter mob don't like Unc, I can't like UNC either. So let's, let's just, let's just go with that. Now, when UNC was the only one on television speaking up for George Floyd. Yeah. I ain't hear him say nothing when UNC was the only one when Skip and I was talking about Colin Kaepernick every day when everybody else went away from it.


Right. We were talking about it on no like black people. No. How his own people. Unc this, unc that. See y'all, y'all don't wanna do the research and look at it and say, well damn. I see what he's saying. It's an update your resume league. That's what sports says. You don't get to be ba you don't. Oh Joe, you, it, it wasn't like you could have, okay, I led the league in receiving. I'm good. So I'm exempt. Oh no, it Don't work like that. Did he have fumble? You didn't put put it in there though. Okay. And the loss and the tennis and the year that Lamar won the MVP, his first MVP, he was 36 passing touchdowns, six interceptions and the loss to the Titans.


He was 31 and 59. 365, 1 touchdowns, two interceptions. He rushed for 143 yards. Had another fumble. My point is, look how great he played. But do y'all believe those, those turnovers played any role in the Ravens losing the game? Yes or no? You absolutely do. But because I pointed out guys, we gotta stop this. We've gotta stop this that blacks can't, can't critique blacks and be critical of their play. Stop this y'all. It ain't about no dislike. I've got to point the obvious out.


Yeah, he played well. But those turnovers directly, that's almost ocho, that's 500 yards of total offense. Offense. But those three turnovers hurt their chances of winning. Y'all think he fu So y'all think he So tell me why y'all think he frustrated. So since his turnover didn't have any bearing, he's gonna be the MVP. So you tell me, shouldn't we expect more from an MVP Ocho? But you don't No, I don't critique Baker Mayfield as hard as I creek. Oh really? So you saying Baker Mayfield and Lamar Jackson on the same on 11th playing field?


They like this. No. Come on Chad. Come on my people. We better than that. Hold on. Did y'all hold on. Did anybody, did anybody listen to what I said? Did y'all gonna hold your Twitter xpl? Did y'all listen? What did I say? I was the one that went on TV and said hell nah. Don't you change the position. Lamar Jackson, you a quarterback. Yeah. If you can't play quarterback, say then I'm gonna move, but I'm not moving before y'all gimme a chance to play the quarterback position. I said I thought he should go in the top 20. The Ravens had a 16 pick. I said he going to Ravens. He going to the Ravens at 16.


Because I felt that they didn't get him at 16. They weren't gonna be able to get him. 'cause somebody gonna snatch him up. Hold On. I, come on Chad. Well I need, I need to be able to see this. Can I, can I see this part of this in this little little section right here? Because I wanna see what they saying now. 'cause I know they don't. I know, I know. They done went to it and saw it. The Chat moving too fast. Go ahead. I just, I just wanna see what they're saying now. How you slow it, how you slow it down. You can't, you can't slow it down. No. Hey y'all stop typing so fast. I can't see.


But that's all. I mean, when a guy plays, well I'll say a guy played well Jesus Christ. But when he doesn't play well, what am I supposed to do? I'm supposed to say he played well when he didn't play well, Hey, it ain't no way I can slow my chat down or it just stay going like this. It's gonna keep moving like that because this moving like that. It's got ocho. We got what? 70 plus thousand people in the chat. Yeah. Call a friend. Let's try to get to 80. Tell a friend. Oh But yeah, that, that's the thing.


Ocho look. Yeah. And I get it. Time told me something about this long, long time ago. He say, he say sharp. You have to understand your boys carry a lot of weight. Yeah. Because of who you are and what you've accomplished. Yeah. So you just think some random talking about football, people know when you talk the way you talk, you know the game. You understand the game. Plus you are credentialed. Your resume is impeccable. You are a seventh round draft pick and accomplish what you accomplish. So your word is gonna carry some weight. It's gonna sting when you say things about people.


And I get that. But you gotta, That's it. But a lot of guys is that when they see me at events or they see me, they're like, oh you hard but you fair man. You be calling that issue. I do. I done got no bones in the fight. I wanna see Lamar do well. I want to get a championship so the flood gates will open up. Yeah. Because when the flood gates open up, he, that pressure will be off of him. You can just play Nik just play. You play football free. Yes, Yes, yes. He and he, he has that kind of ability.


But This is what, this is last year, two turnovers this year. Two turnovers. His first playoff, his second playoff game against Titans. Three turnovers. How many turnovers did he have against Buffalo when they played in Buffalo two years ago? I knew he had, I think he only had one. 'cause I knew he threw the pick into the end. The, the pick that got ran back for the touchdown. No fumbles. That's it. We can't get it up. I thought we could put it in the, Dang that shit moving fast.


Yeah. Wait, we good All, Oh hey did you, Hey look, I can use my finger and make it stop. Okay. How you ain't know that? Huh? Hey. Okay, okay. Okay. I ain't know I could touch it. What? No, I could touch the chat and make it stop. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Just, just, alright. Yeah. We good now?


Somebody said talk about buffalo. We did talk about buffalo. We talked talk About Buffalo. B Buffalo played look, look Buffalo is that they played the kinda game. What do we always ask Josh Allen to do? Stop turning the ball over. What did Josh Allen do today? What did he do this year that he normally never does? He protected the football. Oh well. Yeah. And that's all we've had. Nobody's ever said Josh Allen wasn't a great quarterback because he is. But he put himself in his team in harm's way by turning the ball over. When you turn the ball over into postseason, you play double. You pay double for turnovers. Yeah.


So that's, that's, that's But look, no guys, Lamar's not a Jag Lamar's special a Jag. He just has to do a better, he just have to do a better job of taking care of the football. Yeah. And the, and the crucial moments in the playoffs because in the playoffs, every moment, every possession matters. Ocho Yeah. Every possession matters. And it should, it should because you, you going for the ultimate prize Ocho and because you gotta think about it Ocho, once you get to the playoffs, it ain't no you ain't you playing Jacksonville, you playing the Raiders.


These are the best you going up against other best. Yeah. That means you have to be at your best. Luke who was on the other side against Lamar, that wasn't a, no, that wasn't a O'Connell. That was Josh Allen. Look who's on the other side of Jerry Goff. That was Jayden Daniels. Right. Look who's on the other side of Matthew Stafford. That's Jalen Hurt. Who's on the other side of CJ s Strau. That's my homeboy. Yeah. You see that's what happens. It's a rarity. Especially now Ocho because the game is so quarterback eccentric. Yeah. That you going to get quarterback discrepancy with one is way up here and the other down there. You, you're just not gonna get that. Now It happens during the regular season only.


Yes. Yes. Because you don't get to determine who you play. Hey, you gonna play the a FC West or the a c east and they might have, might have some crappy quarterbacks and you go up against them when you go to the postseason. I thought they did a great, I thought they did a great job of, of neutralizing Lamar's legs. I thought Buffalo did an excellent job of that. Something the Steelers couldn't do last week. Ocho remember? Yeah. Yeah. They couldn't do that. So he got, he not only did they allow Derrick Henry the one run wild, they allowed Lamar Jackson to run wild. Yeah. But He's gonna be, he's just got, like I said, he just gotta get over that hump.


Most quarterbacks look, everybody's not Lamar, everybody is not Patrick Mahomes, you start one year, you in a C championship game and the next year you go win the Super Bowl every, you know what I'm saying? So you, within your first three years, on your first two years of starting, you a Super Bowl champs you an C championship game, you lose the Tom Brady because you don't get a chance to touch the football. But think about it, they didn't change the rules then they only changed the rule when ma homeboy started winning all this time. Because remember Brady got the ball. They was like, oh, the defense get paid too. Okay. They do. So why would Mahomes get down the field and they don't get a chance to touch the football Now if you don't score, because before OCHO walk off won it.


Yeah. You kick a field goal. Yeah. Now, oh, if you don't kick a score a touchdown, well let everybody do it Like college. Let everybody possess the ball at least once. Shoot. Unless you any, but we, we might be there all night, but That bull you might now somebody, I mean somebody gotta make it. Because I think now in college you get a touchdown, you get two touchdowns and then you, everybody, everything is a two point conversion from that point on. Right. But no, it's not about like a dislike. I try to be as fair as I possibly can. I watched the game intently about plays about situation because it comes down to situational football. Lo Joe, right. In situations who performs the best.


That's what it is about situations. Who perform the best in certain


situations. Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff,


like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily show edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NH Challenge. Unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Perky. That's sure to cause a ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ocho did you see this today? AJ Brown went viral earlier for driving a basic Honda Accord. Yeah. Brown has contracts worth over $150 million. Ocho I assume you love this. I said every to drive my colon. IIII love it to death. Now I'm sure a brown has some nice stuff, but obviously because of the weather. Because of the weather, I'm not driving nothing. Nothing nice in this weather. It's snowing, it's sliding. I'm sure there might have been ice on the road. So what you do, you pull out, you pull out your, your SLA slaughter, you pull out your sla. So I like it. The fact that he even has a slide to be able to use lets me know his mind is in the right place. Oh, aj?


Yeah. And that's what, you know, look, I get it because I did, we were snowing like that. Hey, I'm bringing the SUV out. You had a big truck, huh? I had, I I had a, my first six years I had a a a four door Blazer. Blazer. My brother that Yeah. Had a four door with seats. A four blazer Chevy. Oh, Chevy. Yeah. Chevy Blazer. Okay. Okay. Okay. Ford had the Bronco. Right. Okay. Okay, Bro, what you thought I was gonna have? Ain't no money like that. Hey, you know, But then I got a little money, I had a Range Rover and so that's what I would drive. I, you know, I always had a, had a nice car, but I'm not driving my nice car in that snow.


Oh, you had, you had a Range Rover or you had me? I, I like the lineman. The lineman had them big trucks. That was, they was lifted up. Oh. They have F1 50 the super duties. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Man, thank I'm like, yeah, Lee, Man, I think time got a six 50 Time for real with the three door. The three doors on the side. Yeah. Shaq had one of them, one them, them gray ones like that. Yeah. Yeah. I think they got a seven, a 700 now for it. But I'm like, babe, I can't park that thing 'cause I got individual stone. Where where you gonna park that? Oh well They taking up two parking spots and you not going in no parking garage with that big ass. Oh no.


Absolutely not. You come out and build a convertible, take the whole top off that thing. I mean, I like it. But that, that ain't, I mean, time, time country. Right, right. Yeah, but no, no, no. Not, not, not, not, not. No. I'm, I'm good with the country. Yeah. What are y'all talking about? Oh, I'm paid not to talk about Andrews. We just said, but Ocho and I just said Mark Andrews, he's gonna feel worse about this game than Lamar. No, I think some of the people commenting, maybe they just joining and they weren't here for the beginning because we, we done, we done, we done covered every, we done cover every base you could cover on the game. Quarterback situations, the fumble, we talked about it already.


Oh Joe, we just talked about it. I said Mark Andrews is gonna feel worse than Lamar. Yeah. Because his drop, his fumble and the two point conversion drop. Yeah. So what else you want us to say? They just got here, man, that's not fair. They, they gonna be all right with Joe. Check this out. While Jared Jones endures the process of hiring Mike McCarthy's replacement as a head coach, two of his recent coordinators will be calling plays in the NFC championship game. If I'm not mistaken, every team has been to the NFC championship game since Dallas has last been to the NFC Championship game. Mm. Every NFCT let the sink in on Joe. Yeah. Every team has played in an NFC championship game since the Cowboys last went to the NFC championship game.


You got a yo hey, you got Dan Quinn with a rookie quarterback. Yeah. In the NFC championship game. Kelly Moore is calling plays in the NFC championship game game his first year there. So who, who do you think the problem is in Dallas? Mm. I'm I'm just curious Chad, Chad, can you, who do you think the problem problem is in Dallas? 'cause everyone that leaves Dallas and goes somewhere else, they seem to have found success. The Coaches thrive Or finding success thrive To who is problem Thrive? I'm, I'm just asking and I'm curious what the chat would say.


Oh yeah, you know, Mike McCarthy got tired of Kelly Moore getting a little shine. Oh, you know, he wanted to run the ball too. He wanted to pass the ball too much. Right. And lo and behold, he get, he get Kelly Moore out there and he run, he throws the ball more than what Kelly Moore did when Kelly Moore was calling the plays. Everybody know who thought it is. Yeah. I know who I would like to see be the be the Dallas coach. I know we, we've heard the rumblings about Prime going there and I'm, I'm not sure if that would work that situation because Prime would be the one to take all the spotlight away from Jerry. He don't want that Tremendously.


I think Dak and Chad might, might not agree with me, but I think Dak and, and and CD Lamb and the rest of the supportive cast offensively would do very well with Ben Johnson and his creativity. You know, with that, with that offense and being the fact that with Ben Johnson, they would score be somewhere statistically in the top five when it comes to scoring. IIII, I don't know why. I just like it. I just think someone like Ben Johnson being in Dallas, having being not only being the head coach but also controlling and doing the play calling as well. You Can't ojo because he, like Al Man had to get al the sheet.


Al needed to know what you was running. We're not gonna get into that ojo. In fact, seven Dallas assistant coaches from 22 or 23 will be participating in the NFC championship game. Wait, how many? Seven. Damn. The last championship game appearance for the Dallas Cowboys was 1995. The Bears, every team has been in the NFC championship game except the Cowboys in the two thousands. Even the Bears, the Giants Wonder Super Bowl, the Seahawks, Carolina, Arizona, Falcons, Minnesota Saints, Packers, Tampa, Rams, 49 ERs, Detroit, the Commanders and the Eagles.


Hey, Do you think Jerry knows this or he doesn't pay it? No. Mind ocho, If, if you could, if you could do whatever you wanted to do and make 300 million or you could do it the right way. Make 300 million, but you're not gonna get no credit. Jerry wants credit. That's what Jerry wants. Huh? That Ain't Jerry wants to be the face That ain't working. It ain't working. How could you not? He's not working. Didn't that man tell you he bought this tea, he bought this occupation. He told you that, don't you? How about what more you want the man tell you? Oh, when You, when you buy your o occupation, the point of buying oc occupation is for one.


So you can succeed and win at it. Not just buy it to tear it down or not. I it just buy it and be losing. I wanna work on my, I wanna work on my own car and it won't ever crane. Instead of me taking it to a, instead of me taking it to a auto technician instead of me taking it to OCHO because you know, we gotta be politically correct. We can't say mechanic anymore. We gotta say auto technician. You Can't say mechanic. Why would that mean? No, they, because you know people that, oh, let's give the proper credit. The auto technicians. Okay, okay. Auto technicians. I like That shade. Triage mechanic.


But in that situation, man, it's, I mean look at this with a rookie quarterback. Dan Quinn stayed longer than what he probably should because he thought he was gonna to get the Dallas job. Right. He was gonna be willing to forego give up of, of himself. We saw Dan Quinn get to the Atlanta Falcons to the Super Bowl, have a 28 3 lead so he can coach. Yeah, he Can coach. But nobody, Ben Johnson is not gonna be Ben Johnson in Dallas. He needs to go somewhere where he's gonna have control.


It looks like all indication is pointing to the Raiders. I wouldn't be surprised within the next two to three days he's going to the Raiders. Oh, how we going to the Raiders? We don't got no quarterback. I'm Talking about we, he doesn't want to. He listen a lot of times guys don't want be in a situation with Detroit, a guy that gave him his start. I don't really wanna be in that situation. Dan Quin said, I don't care, Dan Quin said, I'm tired of this. You told me I you going to make something happen for you boy. Right, right, right. And you ain't do it. So guess what, I'm gonna go ahead and beat your ass. I'm just saying Ocho. Yeah. There's a really disturbing video that came out yesterday.


A real estate develop developer shared footage of him being profiled by a neighbor at the home. He built in an affluent neighborhood. In order for the, for, in order for us to do this video justice, we have to show the video guys. So we ask you to bear with us because in order to give it, just to do it justice and give you the proper context, we must show the video in its entirety. Now the video is like three minutes long. We're asking you to please bear with us so we can have this conversation and, and and, and do it justice and provide context. Let's take a look at the video. Joe, Do you live here?


Yeah. You do. Papa? I don't believe that. What? I don't believe that. Did Someone come Here? How's my wife? She got somebody chased Chase who chased her? Somebody in the silver truck, gray truck.


They just left us close and Came around the corner and we went to the street. And so I come up the, so I'm like, pretend and that I'm coming home. And so I pull up and I start walking to your back gate and he stops here. And he goes, are you looking for someone? And I said, Nope. And then he sat here and I was like, I need to get In here. Well that's my husband. That's why he lives here. Yeah, he lives here. So he came in and he said, there's a lady screaming. And I'm like, that's, she got all Worried. That so scared. How How did he scare you though? I Had a, I just seen her in the driveway and I was like, are you looking for somebody?


I, because I was pulling Up out and I saw someone walking in our driveway too. And I'm like, why is someone walking in our driveway? I'm sorry. Alright. Sorry. Oh, I don't, She says that someone was following her. So you were walking from there. You came this way, didn't you? No, I came down this street right here. Yeah. And I was riding slow. 'cause I'm looking at her Christmas lights. I'm, You just have to understand my point of view being by myself with two days. I just saw a car coming and so I was like, oh, scare me. And so I just pulled up here and I kept thinking this could be his house. But you didn't say, this is my home. You just said you looking like, I was like, I did when you was on the porch, you asked me did I live here? I said, yeah. And you said, no you don't. And you said, I don't think you do.


I be asleep. Told her I was really Like, I'm pulled in my, it's, it's like I'm pulling in my house. Like this is not a, this neighborhood is probably one of the best neighborhoods in Ohio. I don't you, you don't have to worry about stuff like that. I'm very sorry. I really hope that you're not upset with me. Come on babe. We got the house. So You, you told me that I didn't, you said you didn't think I live here. I so off guard. I party. It it you Standing on somebody else's porch. You don't live there. And because the man said, Hey, I live here now.


Ocho. You hear what she's saying? Yeah. You have to understand my point of view. View. Yeah. We're Always asked to understand their point of view. Point Of view. Yeah. All the while never seeing our point of view. Right. You don't get to stand on my porch and ask me a question about my D house. What are you doing on my front doorstep? You see what she did? And she went running, screaming. Now call the cops. Now he gets blasted. Oh, this man was chasing me. See they had to release the video because she was lying. Yeah. They left you, they she left them no choice because they tried to handle it. They handled it way, way better than I would've ever handled it.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Obviously. Listen, depending on who it is in that in fluent neighborhood, you So You there Huh? Fluent affluent In fluent. Yeah. Affluent doesn't rhyme with black. Yeah. Affluent is only supposed to mean a certain group. Oh yeah. Need to look like her. She like, oh, you have to understand of somebody along with two kids. Clearly you're not that concerned because your ass outside in the dark with you and your two kids with two kids. So clearly You're not concerned. But now all of a sudden you have to see my point of view of sitting warm up With two kids. Right. And I'm confused if if if you're a neighbor, if you've been in the neighborhood already, you haven't seen your neighbors, you never seen them before.


I'm just curious. I mean, I don't know. But it's stuff like this happens all the time though, huh? This is, this is nothing. This is nothing new. This could've ended So Bad O Joe. It was, it was caught on camera this time. Yes. That thank see that's my point. What if it wasn't Ken caught on camera? You know, everybody gonna believe her side of the story. Absolutely. What did she call the police? And the police come and ask this man to identify yourself. And he go, I don't wanna identify myself. It's my house. I'm home. Yeah. You see? And now she done, she done went on, she done disabled all of her social media and she done did a IG live talking about people are calling me racist. You don't understand you, we understand.


We absolutely 1000% understand what you did. Instead of, instead of trying to, instead of trying to say, look, I was wrong. Right. You don't get to go on somebody else's front porch Ocho and ask him. And if they say, do you live here? He says, yes. You said you didn't believe him. Yeah. You don't live there. So who cares if he lived there? Your ass don't live there. And then hold on. Did she not walk away? Left the stroller screaming help. Yes. Running down the scream screaming, help, help, help. What he should have been screaming.


It is sad. Even during this time, nothing has changed. How do you get to play victim ocho when you initiated this whole thing? You see, that's, and see that's what happens a lot of time on social media. But this is real life. People will say whatever they wanna say to you, women will say to Oh, oh Shannon, you and I don't let it go. Oh. So you know, I told my New Year's resolution, I ain't gonna let it bother me. People still say things. Oh, you thick tongue, you can't talk now. See what I talk about you. Oh. Does ESPN know you talk about women like this? Oh, now ESP didn't even know I talk about women like this when you ho your hot ass on my timeline and try to get one off and I click cl.


Right, right. Because you know, I keep that thing. Yeah. I keep that thing on me. Ocho I got a thousand jokes. I'm on number 12. Yeah. You, you gotta, you, you gotta you gotta, you gotta tweet like I do man. It's, it is fun. And you gotta understand sometimes I let it go. No, you can't let it go, man. So listen, lemme tell you something. If somebody walk up and slap you, you gonna turn the other cheek. Oh Joe, I pray. You know, I pray every night, but God, just leave me be Now what that got, that ain't got nothing to do with that. Just ask you, if somebody walk up and slap you on the left side of your cheek, are you gonna turn the right side? So to slap that, that one too. Yeah. I'm gonna have to move on. I'm gonna just go say, Lord. Oh, you got, you gotta control your Twitter the way I do unc you have people that are positive and I engage with them in a positive manner.


You have people that talk to me negatively and I engage with them in a negative manner. It keeps a happy balance on the timeline. Everything can't be positive. It can't. No, I just Don't respond. That's not the way the app works. So if somebody keeps at you, I'm telling you, regardless of what your New Year's resolution may be, you have to talk trash back. We love that. The people love that. It keeps, it keeps the timeline balance. If everything is always happy, happy, happy, happy. It ain't no, It's all good. Hey, listen, negativity and talking trash and engaging with people, whether negative or positive, it builds character. But you, it builds Charact.


It does. But you know what, Ocho we don't ever get to miss next state. We don't ever get to stand on somebody's porch and ask them, you live here. I don't believe you. You notice, you notice that never happened to any of us. We never, we never get on camera being at the wrong place and saying, oh, is this your house? Listen, all you gotta understand. I don't You think I care. You actually think I care who house it is. I'm minding my business. They throw their hand up, I throw my hand up and keep going. But you on this man's place, on this man's front porch. He said he lived there. You say you don't believe him, you leave your stroller, you take off running, screaming, yelling, help, help, help.


You don't know who could have heard that came out shooting and then what? I'm sorry. Oh Yeah. And it, it, it could have gone bad depending on what type of cop showed up. That's my point. Ocho that's my only point. Yeah. How many times have we seen a situation like this happen because of a lie? Emmett Till died behind him. A lie. Oh, he was being nosy. Yes. Which young, which young dude that was running? Remember? He, we were jogging. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Down in Brunswick. Yeah, he was. Yeah. Come on.


Now Wet. We don't, we don't, we we don't get, we see, we, we don't get that benefit because how many times, there have been a lot of times that we call the cops and we end up getting arrested. We call the cops. Oh damn. Yeah. I just, I just, I just hated this my, my, my heart broke for this family. Because it could have and see people quickly say, oh, but it didn't. No, it's not that it didn't, it's the fact that it happened to begin with. Yeah. We're in 2025 and stuff like this is still Happening. Yeah. And the funny thing about it, huh? Regardless of it being 2025, it could be, it could be 2050, it's still gonna always go on.


You know, we just, we just have to do a better job at trying to disengage in those situations. And I, why I gotta disengage at my house. I mean I I I know what you mean. I'm just saying, you know, just enjoy, Joe. Just think about it. You, you pull up to your house, you pull up to your mansion and somebody standing on your front porch. You live here, you like, yeah, I don't believe you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Me. Bitch. How you got through my gate? Oh shoot. My bad. I'm bad. Okay. My bad. I, I was doing good tonight. That my first one. I'm sorry. Yes, bro. My first thing is like, do you live here? Why?


I know. I don't know if I live there, but I know you don't. Now again, why are you on that porch? Why No, why you on my porch? Yes Man, please. They be, she was doing too much. That's crazy. She did entirely too much. It was told unnecessary. And, and then the fact that she's yelling and screaming like somebody was chasing her. She left this couple no choice but to release that video because she had told and the family got tired of her lies upon lies, upon lies. And it says, you know what, it's all cam captured on ring cam. It's everything that transpired is captured.


Now she's trying to go back. You gotta understand my point of view. Some, a mother with two kids. If you soray, if you are so afraid, why is your ass out that time of night with two kids? If you're that afraid? Clearly you're not that afraid. You clearly is not that, you're not that afraid. And yeah, she went and got her husband. You see that's, and then that's when I ia had to whip him. You see I that, see that's the thing on Charlie had to whip him. You gonna put hands on him? Hands On, get off my property, get off my property. You gonna get whipped and I'm gonna call my wife.


You whip her too. Nah, you ain't finna play, you ain't finna play in my face like that. Oh man. I'm be like, oh, you went and got your husband. What you ain and got him for the best thing y'all can do, y'all outta a is to turn around and go on back home because this ain't gonna end well for either one of y'all. Got you gotta you gotta hit it. You gotta hit it with that Bernie Mac. You look like you're trying to do something to me. Hey, it won't be a, it won't be an affluent neighborhood when I get through with Nah, don't play like that. Don't, don't do people like that when you wrong.


Don't exacerbate a situation by lying. You was wrong. You know, they play victim quick now. That's It. You f up and then you wanna play, wanna play victim Quick? No. So hopefully everything gets resolved. The couple, I am sorry that you had to go through this. That's why, you know, you move in a neighborhood and you think you're safe and everything's gonna be okay. And then it doesn't matter. This happened this in my neighborhood on my porch. My kids, my family gotta witness this. And all the while you pretend like you are the victim.


No every, we're the victim and it's all because of you and your jaded perception That we don't belong here. What You, we don't belong how y'all look. You can't look like that and belong here. Mm.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, it was when when you send it, yeah. It always like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Na Burkin Today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ocho Now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Use the bathroom. I bro drink Water Architect knife TV Said it's sad that fans today don't understand the difference between criticism and hate. There's no gray area nowadays. They call it either you a D rider or a hater. Continue to be great guys. They do. They do. But it has a lot to do. Like I said, you, I'm not saying that fans shouldn't love their team, love their players, but no player is beyond reproach. He no players beyond criticism. Y'all go check my record. You go check my record. Peyton got it. Brady got it.


Rogers got it. Mahomes have got it. Romo got it. DAXs got it. Baker Mayfield's got it. Cam Newton has got it. Matt Ryan has got it. Brett, Bob got it. I got it bro. No, it, no, no professional athlete has ever been born. That's above criticism. Doesn't work like that. If you play good, I'm gonna say you played good, but if you played bad, I've got to say that too. Right? And it's okay Ocho It is. Okay. There's no such thing as perfection all the time.


As much as we strive to be as perfect as possible, it's impossible to reach. You'll lie to say you had never heard me criticize Patrick Mahome. That's just, just, that's disingenuous. Whoa. You did it. You did it this year. Multiple times. I did it last year too. It said the reason why they're losing game last year because he turning the ball over too much. All over. Yeah. Instead of y before y'all come with some facts, all you gotta do is come, come with facts. But facts ruin an argument. Ocho. But there's, and he was saying Ocho, people don't understand the difference between criticism and hate. Right.


If you play in a sport, I think, and my job is to critique and analyze. I'm supposed to offer that I ain't some guy in the street that you doing something I couldn't do. Hello? Y'all better. Y'all better check what's behind me, y'all. Yeah. Y'all don't see my basement, but y'all better check them Jersey with them patches on the wall. I ain't jealous say that. I got no problem giving people credit. Y'all have heard me say I've heap effusive praise on Kelsey and Gro and, and Gates and Gonzo. I'm cool with what I was able to do. No hate, no envy.


Quarterbacks. I have a great appreciation 'cause I know how hard it is to play that position. But when you were a little kid and they say all the quarterbacks in this line line where you took your ass, lined up the quarterback line, you know what comes along with that lineman on me. D lineman on me. Why? Receiver over there running back dbs linebackers. You chose the line. Criticism comes along with that. But guess what else? What comes along with that big payday? Huge Big jobs. What po what position did Tony Romo play? Quarterback? What position did Troy Eggman play?


Quarterback. What position did Tom Brady play? He was a quarterback. One guy makes 37 and half million. Another guy makes 17 and a half million. Another guy makes 19 million. Robert Lee said, Shannon, you are wasting your time. Our people are conditioned to be victims constructive criticism, no matter how kind they all, they take it as a slight. They do. They do because it's easy. Yeah. It's, lemme tell you know what it is, don't you? It's easier to blame someone else than take responsibility for one's act. Yeah. How many times don't you, you heard somebody say, man, coach, they like me.


What About you? What about you showing on late to practice? Huh? What about you not coming to practice? What About messing up assignments? In practice? In practice? So what? So you play no role? It's hard for me to believe that a culture that they, everything is predicated on them winning and losing a guy that can help them win. I refuse to be a, a a, a professional victim. It is what it is. I know what it is going into it. I'm able to prepare for it, prepare. I'm gonna be so good. You ain't got no choice but to get me the job.


Now I can sit back here and blame somebody else for it, don't you? Man, I ain't got that job, man. They, they ain't even like me. Andrew Warren said, best friends tell you what you need to hear. Not what you want, not what you want to hear. They do. I've been very fortunate to have those kind of people in my life. Ojo. Like I said, I got two, my two best friends bucket and burns all a bucket quick to say, oh boy, I love you, but I you wrong in this situation. Yeah. And that's the problem in today's era too. Aren't you? Gotta think about it. Whoever is the golden goose, most of the time the people around them are Yes men are people that don't have their best interests at heart.


Look at some of the incidents that have happened in the NFL in the off season. Yes. Off seasons come up for a lot of, a lot of people this year. They're gonna be people that get in trouble. Huh? They're gonna people, they're gonna be people that get in trouble, that have entourage surround them, that won't tell them, you know, what you getting ready to do. It ain't a good idea. You know what you've been drinking, you don't need to drive. You know what? I'm gonna drive you home. Matter of fact, we gonna leave a car here. Gimme your key. We gonna take an Uber. Yeah. You'll see people that don't have their best interest. 'cause you know, you know, if you, if you're challenged the person who making the money, that mean it might, he might cut your water off. Yeah. So everything is a yes.


Yep. Yes. Not telling them what to do and what's in their best interest. Yeah, bro. I don't really think you should do that by, you know, I love you, but this ain't it. It's different. It's different. It's, And that's the thing, Ocho you're right, you're right. I, I just, for me, it's just, I need to know that's your job. Your job sometime is to protect me from me. Mm. Ooh, that's a, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. That's a good one. Now I gotta use that. I got to use that in my next argument.


I I can Use that. I can. No, I'm, but that, but that's why. But, but that's why Ocho that's why you have, like, in certain situations, my partner's supposed to protect me even if I want, even if I want a Waller. She like, Hey boy, you ain't finna mess up this money. Shit Man. That's a good line I could use. Like, I I'm, and I'm gonna deliver it too with some with Yes. You like, you're not gonna be, I and I was having an argument. She's like, Shannon, let that go. Right. Let for what? You willing to risk all that over something petty, Right.


No, That's what what I done brought you in my life, you know, hoping at some point with what I envision after explaining my long term goals to you, I See you and visualize you as an asset to me. Yes. And I Here to be able to protect me from myself. Is this what you wanna do? Yeah. Huh? Don't end it all. Right. Right there. Right there on that spot right there. When I get that delivery, I'm gonna let a teardrop out the right eye. 'cause if bat tear drops out the right eye that let 'em know you serious? Yeah. Hey boy, I'm ready. I I got that. I got that set up.


I got it right here in my notes. Ah, man. Chris Guadalupe said Ocho buffalo took out Buffalo UNC teams so he can't say the word Buffalo. Buffalo wings. Buffalo sauce, Buffalo stab. He Hey Buffalo Soldiers. Hold On. You can't, you, you talking about you wanted Buffalo nickels. You can't even say Buffalo nickels no more. Hey Chris, who side you on? Man? That's Good. Yeah. Buffalo. Buffalo got both of my squads, man. Yeah, They added there. Both of them.


Hey y'all. Bobby Blair said what Josh Alling is doing is no, is not really with no real elite weapons on offense is so impressive. Alan elevates everyone around him, puts the team on his back. That's why he's my MVP mm. Look, Considering what they lost. Like I said, I thought Lamar's season was too great not to be rewarded with an MVP. But ocho if people, if they were to give him the MVP, you can't be, I mean, you lose Gabe Davis, you lose, you lose Stefan Digs, digs. Milano missed a lot of the season. White's gone or gone.


Hyde is gone. Von Miller was suspended a little bit. Who else got k got Nick you tight end. It's, he's been, he's been spectacular. Yeah. We ask him, Josh, we need you to do what you normally do minus the turnovers. And he sliced it. He just, I mean he did that in the season. Another guy had, I mean, there been a lot of great seasons. You look at Rogers wasn't the MVP, but Patrick Mahomes was like 38 and six Mm. But Rogers was 44 and seven is what it is.


Only, look, if Josh were to go in and win the Super Bowl, he would probably be the MVP. I don't think he'd be too disappointed. Nah, I think that'll take some of the sting out of it. Gelato said, tell Lamar give that MVP to, to Josh. The MVP is a regular season award and you know, every, and we have this discussion every year. Give the MVP wait until the playoffs is over. They've never done that. Ever. And not, they're not changing it now. Yes. No time soon.


Later on in the future. Yes. JPS world up from fellow SSSU alum. I love this show. Will Lamar career go down as a player who beat beastly in the regular season but can't win the big one? I think if he doesn't win the big one, I think it'll be disappointing. You can't say that. It's, it's a failure. A guy's won three MVPs. 'cause remember they wanted him to be a running back to say Tony wide receiver, he won three MVPs. I do think it'll be, I think it'll be disappointing if he has all those MVPs in no Super Bowl on his matter.


That's just me personally. Right. Some people might say, Hey, but I think I, I think, you know, for him to be as great as he is, and at the end of the day not have that ultimate prize. 'cause that's why you pay. He's gonna have money. He's gonna have more money than he ever would imagine. He probably gonna have three, $400 million in his bank account when his career is over. But I think the thing that he's gonna want more if he doesn't get one right, is that Super Bowl. Tim Lee say, I know some people are gonna blame it all on Andrews, but Lamar two turnovers in the Bear's responsibility for the loss. Lamar playoffs w continue better quarterback won. Simple as that. He said it. He knows he can't, he can't turn the ball over.


Yeah. Turn the ball over. And they got, they got points out of it. It's unfortunate because normally when the quarterback doesn't play well, they don't win. Right. It's really not that complicated. So, and that's what I've been, so Jerry Golf threw for over 300 yards. So what role did those turnovers play in Detroit? Losing? Did they play any role? Of course they did. Yeah. We can't say because the quarterback turned the ball over Ocho. We like said quarterbacks. Right. And now try to minimize the turnovers in said game. It doesn't work like that. But this is also too, when it comes to having a team collectively Yes.


When a quarterback doesn't play well, or Lamar Jackson in this case tonight turns the ball over twice, that's when you need the teammates To pick you up. You need the defense to get, to get some turnovers from you. Not not only defense, but you need the offensive players to make some of those plays to make up. Yeah, you're right. Yeah. For those turnovers. But you gonna have gonna have mistakes in the game. Now we just talked about it. You want to be as perfect as possible and play a perfect game. But they're going to be, they're gonna be ups and downs. They're gonna be momentum. There gonna be swing shifts and there were swing shifts in the game. But there are moments in the game where, okay, Lamar Jackson to turn the ball over. You know what, Mark Andrews right now, I need you.


I need you to help me. Help me for the mistakes I made earlier in the game. That was his chance. Yeah. The game of football. The game of football is all about moments, huh? Yes. It's all about moments. Yeah. If Mark could have come down with that two point conversion, it would've been very interesting to see how this thing plays out from that point on ocho. Yeah. We'll never know. We'll never know Ocho But it would've been very interesting to see this thing 2027. 27 27. Yeah. And now you put it back on your defense, it says, okay, get us this ball back or let's go to overtime. Right. And we'll see what happens from there. I would've loved to see that Dean, Jill, if I'm, if I'm Mark Andrews, I'm keeping my helmet on in the locker room, them boys might lay hands on him.


Nah, he played well. No. I mean, look, I, I've been there. It's tough. It's tough when you have drops or you have a fumble or you have a play that potentially cost your team a game. It's tough. It's tough. And you know, all your team teammates gonna say all the right things and it's not on you. It's, it's a team game. There were other plays out there that could have been made. You ain't, that's that's not what Yeah, it's good that your teammates got your back. Right. But deep down inside, it's like it's killing you. It's killing you. Trusts lab Raven need to go all in on Lamar. They didn't have a number one receiver on the field at most important time.


That tells me Ed DeCosta needs to build a better roster, bro. His number one receiver got hurt. What you think he was gonna go get another number one? You think Mike Evans was available? I mean, was CD Lamb available? I mean, I'm trying to figure out what you thought he was gonna to get at this later the season. There are no number ones available come playoff time. If they're not on the roster, ain't nobody going, Hey bro, let me borrow your number one receiver. You ain't in the playoffs. It's not lawnmowers. You need your grass cut. You go borrow a neighbors. It don't work like that. Ocho. Yeah, It don't. See again, they, The, the Not his man.


This man Ocho, this man said Eric DeCosta did not build a roster around Lamar. The roster is built. Ocho, come on. See you see what I'm saying? Ocho, he went and got him. Derrick Henry, you got two tight ends that are top 10. Zay Flowers is the first drafted wide receiver by the Ravens to make the Pro Bowl. Rashaad Bateman played well, come on guys. You don't, you don't need, you don't need no number one receiver because the number one receiver, that offense will be frustrated. And Madden the motherfucker, if you understand the Ravens offense and what they do, they run the ball.


But Ocho, even though they run the ball, Lamar threw for 41 touchdowns. How only one other quarterback threw for that many touchdowns and they didn't even make the play out. That's Joe Burrow. Yeah. And you talking about la the roster isn't built around Lamar. This is what I'm talking about. Ocho. See, see Ocho, this is what I'm talking about. When la when Lamar wins, it's Lamar, Lamar, Lamar. When Lamar loses it's the roster isn't good. Nah. Oh, the rosters. So the roster, so the roster, so the roster is not good. So this man just won three MVPs with crappy rosters. Look how many pro bowlers they had.


They had more pro bowlers and more for all pro than any other team. Nine, if I'm not mistaken, right. Nine, nine players or am I wrong? Yes. Yeah. They, they have a phenomenal roster. Ro Conn Smith is the first team all pro. Marlon Humphrey's the first team all pro. Lamar is the first team all pro. Jag Henry is the second team all pro. Pat Ricard is the first team all pro to run it. The fullback. You got four pro bowlers on offense.


1, 2, 3, 4. Oh your center. I think it's an all pro, a pro Bowl player. Lamar's Lamar's in the Pro Bowl. Derrick Henry's in the Pro Bowl. Ricardo's in the Pro Bowl. The center's in the Pro Bowl and Zay Flowers. That's five guys on offense in the Pro Bowl. Marlon Humphrey's in the Pro Bowl. Rayquan Smith is in the Pro Bowl. You got a line, you got 2D lineman, metal B Quay, and I think I forget the other guy's name. 99 90 or 99 90 is in the Pro Bowl. So you got nine guys in the Pro Bowl and the roster's not good enough. Huh? You're two tight ends combined for more touchdown catches than any other tight than any other tight end group in the NFL.


But the roster's not good at all. Huh? They didn't give, I mean, how many yards did, how many yards did Josh Allen pass for tonight? The secondary I thought would be what would let 'em down. I thought they did a pretty good job. Yeah. I'm gonna think Josh Allen passed for 200 yards. Josh Allen passed for 1 27. Did they have, how many yards did James Cook rush for? I mean, that last run, notwithstanding the last run kind of put the nail in the coffin. But up until that, how many yards did they rush for? They had 67 total rush yards. Cook had 67 rush yards. What was the guy that got that last run?


That was what, 40 yards? I think it was Davis, huh? Yeah. But how many yard rush yard did the Ravens have? Ravens ran the ball for 1, 7, 6 yards. Lamar had like two 50 passing. Come on guys. They lost. They, they, they, let's not make excuses for why they lost. This is not a roster issue. Yeah. You just gotta play better. You just can't turn the football over. This is not a roster issue. It's never a roster issue.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


Mazano is hard by the most on the hot seat soon. Every year they're hyped at Super Bowl contenders. They just, they choke then it's excuses. Like Lamar no help or fire Greg Roman, who's the scapegoat this year? I don't know. I mean, Todd Monkey might get a job. Deservingly. So, yes, All I know he's been there two years and he got a guy that two that MVP, but that don't matter. It's all Lamar. 'cause Greg Roman got him that got him to the this and it's never enough. We gotta stop trying to find somebody to put it on. Lamar has to do a better job at taking care of the football guys when they get in position to make plays.


They gotta make those plays. It's as simple as that. Yeah. This is not a roster issue. This is not a defense. I mean defense like, hold on bro. If we don't turn the ball over, that's 10 points right there. So we don't really only really gave up. 17. You put the ball in harm's way. We put the ball in harm's way as an offense. If I told Ocho, if I told you Josh Allen was only gonna throw for 1 27 yards and they weren't gonna run the air outta the football, you like, oh, Barbara won't gonna win this game. Yeah, Won't gonna win this game. If you, if you look at the stats, right? You take away the score line and and showed it to somebody who didn't watch the game.


Who you think they gonna say won the game just by looking at Baltimore. Look at what was Baltimore on third down Baltimore Damn did like 60% on third down. Okay, there was 70%. I lied. That's even better. 70, 70% on third down. You know what, 98% of the time that's a Game you Yeah. Ocho I think Kansas City was the best third down conversion team at 49%. The Ravens was 70% tonight. Crazy. Well said. What do the Ravens need to do with Todd Monin? He knows the formula for winning, but yet he puts the ball in the air.


Yeah, and Ocho and I, we talked about that. Ocho and I, I I thought they got away from the run too soon. Especially in the first half. They come out in the second half and realize who they are. They're the Baltimore Ravens, they're the Bulls, the Baltimore, and they go down, down the field down. I think they might, might've threw the ball once, maybe, maybe twice on that drive and they go right down the field. Would I've been disappointed if they'd have had 40 plus rushes? Nope. 50. Nope. Because hell, I think they almost had 50 rushes last week against, against Pittsburgh.


Sean Smith said, should the Ravens try to get t Higgins or Tyreek in the off season? You can get t Higgins, you can get Tyreek guys. If you turn the ball over in the playoffs, you go to get beat No matter who you got. It's really that simple guy. Football look. Yeah, they called, got all these intricate calls and they gotta play. That's so long now this and X slide and, and 50 this and all that. But at the end of the day, can you take care of your, can you protect your quarterback and can you protect the football? That's it. That's all that matters. That's all that matters.


I don't, I don't think people understand. It comes down to just that, just that the playoffs to give your team the best chance to win. You gotta protect the ball. You could, you could have Jesus and Nazareth at receiver. If you turn the ball over twice with the fumble, you are losing the game. Look at the teams that lost this weekend. What did all of them do except the, the Texans Detroit. What did they do? Turn the ball over the Rams. What did they do? Turn the ball over Baltimore. What did they do? Turn the ball over Everybody. The Texans didn't turn the ball over. But what did the Texans lie?


They allowed the quarterback to get sacked eight times. Kera Norwood Jr. Oh, my question is, if the bills, if the bills show up against Kansas City when it matters, because if they do, I'll channel my inner Shannon Sharp. It's gonna be a great game. Very Good game. It's gonna be a And look, I tell you what, I think Buffalo and Buffalo fans don't want patchy the ball Mahomes to have the ball with a chance to beat them late. The ball game. They don't want that. They want this game to be put away Early Because he's been there, he's done that.


And this game's gonna come down to turnovers. Who protects the ball? Both teams are cold weather teams. Both teams are built to, to, to, to deal with the cold weather. We know it gets cold in Kansas City. It was cold last week in Kansas City. We know it gets cold in Buffalo. So ain't nobody got no advantage. No one. The advantage is who's gonna protect the football better? Same thing. It ain't nothing new. The formula hadn't changed. You take care of the ball, you increase your chance of winning, you turn the ball over, you decrease your chance of winning. It's really that simple. Ocho actually the oh, the Bucks led it. Oh, they said the bucks led the league in third down conversion at 51%.


The cheese had seconded 48.5. The Ravens was second at 48.2 and the Raven was 70% Tonight. If you, you'll lead the league every year in third down Ocho 50% is great if you pick up 50% of the third down, because now you still on the field. And give your chance to give yourself an opportunity to keep the ball and move the ball closer to get the ball to ends on score points. Touchdown. A field goal. Ray was seven of 10. What would they have been if they don't turn the ball over OCHO In points. Scooty Puff said, Ugh. Shannon killed Burrow for every turnover this year.


Set it with his chest. Now he's all soft. When Lamar has two turnovers in individual playoff game, bro, that's my point. When you say that, what did, what did you say? I did, bro Did what? Turnovers they lost. You see ta when you turn the ball over, no matter how great you play, you decrease your team chances of winning. Yeah, that's the want. You say Scooty, puff that what I wanted you to say. Scoot. That's it. See, sometimes you let them make your point for you. See, he thought he tried to trap me.


Well, he made my point. Yeah, he made the point. Turnovers don't matter how great you play. She Poe have you and Rab Rab can Rabu can ever became cool after the War, war words before the Super Bowl. Man, I hadn't, I didn't see Ray after that. I hadn't seen Ray in that was in what? 98. And I ain't seen Ray in damn near 30 years. Really? No. I wonder what Ray had Man Ray was good, bro. Pretty boy. Ray For one year. Christopher Tillman said, I'm a Raiders fan, but I'm a Raiders fan, but I can still see you catching the ball across the middle bumper.


Your head on the goal post when you were tied on that run comes down to play Ocho. We you don't turn the ball over. That was the difference with us in, in 2000. Yeah. Outstanding defense. Take care of the football. Yep. Long as we don't put our defense on the short field. Oh, there ain't nobody driving the ball. You ain't driving no 80, 90 yards on that defense. No. 70 yards on that defense, Man. Sh No, absolutely not. That wasn't happening. No tsunami. Who's the best quarterback in the NFC?


Hell after this run? It might be Jay Daniels. Yeah. If, if, if, if the lions hadn't lost, would, would you have golf up there as the best? Who made the Pro bowl for the NFC golf? Oh, Jayden Daniels. Who else? Oh, Sam Donald. Okay. Forgot about Sam. No, me personally, I don't think Jerry Golf is better than Matthew Stafford.


That's my personal opinion. Yeah, But it's hard for me. It's hard for it's ocho it's just hard for me to say after one season. 'cause I wanna see what happens in sophomore season because you know, we were ready to ano CJ Stroud and we see what happened this year. Right? So let's give her some time. There's enough time for Jayden Daniels his first year. What's superb? Let's not take away from that shockwave truth. After all, the turnover, the play to be made was not made by Mark. He could have made up for the fumble. See you in New Orleans. Got my tickets.


You right. If you turned the ball over like they did the first half. Yeah. Then Quebec and win this game. You're like, hey, you play through those. They overcame adversity. Didn't succumb to it and they won. And that's what it comes down to. Ocho, sometimes you have to overcome your own mistakes. Those self-inflicted wounds. You're right. But I know the minute, the minute that Mark Andrews bobbled that ball, it was gone. Yeah. It was coming out. Do Not babbling the ball in those kind of conditions and catching it All the, all the glove, you know, the new gloves they got. Now all that. Don't do it. Does nothing in the cold weather for you at all?


Nope. Hold on. When they come in, do they use, do they use kicking balls on the two point play or do they use regular balls? Because you know, the kicking ball is different than a reg, than a, than a regular, than the one that they play with on every down. The the kicking balls aren't touched. That They slick. They're slick. Now the regular ball, That ball look like it had a little sheen on it. Yeah. Little shine on it. Yeah. I I'm not, nah, I'm not, I don't, I'm not making excuses because Lamar hit him. He should have caught the ball. But I want, I don't know, Chad. Y'all know the diff Y'all know what you look Ashley looking it up.


Ashley gonna find that out. Vanessa Smith said, today is my 60th birthday. Can you guys wish me a happy birthday? We sure can. Vanessa, happy 60th Birthday. Happy birthday. Two. Hopefully you did something fun today. You had to get out, went out. We did brunch, family, friends, loved one. I don't know if you in a relationship, maybe a significant other took you to get a nice meal and you got an opportunity. Just I see you shooting the shot. Okay. That was slick. Lord. No, ain't no shooting no shot. I see you Shot. Hey Vanessa, he shooting the shot. Send him a dm. No. Said can I get a birthday shut out from Uncle Ocho. I'm a Navy veteran. Kyle, congratulations bro. Happy birthday. Thank you service.


Thank you for your service. Yes. Not only to you, but all the other men and women around the world that protect us and allow us to leave live, to live free rest comfortably because we have people like you on that wall. Thank you for your service, Kyle. Tony, BNR. Don't forget it's MLK day. It's the day of service. Get out there and do something in the community. Get out there and do something in the community. Okay? I go out there and try to find me a straggling then lemme down, man. Yes, I know Tony. I know it's a, it's MLK day.


It's a very important day for us. And anybody, Wait, MLK? Anybody in the chat? Anybody in the chat? The parade tomorrow. What parade in Miami. Martin Luther King Jr. Parade. Well, I'm, I fly home. My flight, my flight at five in the morning. Well, yeah, that's, that's okay. I, I'm gonna hit the parade. Yeah, hit the parade. I don't know if that's doing something for the community, but, okay. I get your point. Yeah, I'm supporting the parade. I'm gonna support, yeah, I might put up a dirt bike and ride with them boys. Thank you guys for watching another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite, aunt Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend.


The bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please hit that like button. Tell family, friends, and loved ones to do likewise, subscribe and hit the like button. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from, and ask, tell a friend and a loved one and a family member to do the exact same thing. Thank you guys for your continued support. We had almost 80,000 guys next week. Let's try to hit that magic number. We've, I mean, we've been close. We hit 94 last year, super Bowl. Let's see if we can get over a hundred thousand next week's chat. Yeah, we would greatly, greatly appreciate that. Thank you for your continued support.


Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. Let's celebrate. There's a lot to be thankful for. What Better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, you order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please do me a favor, please drink responsibly.


Go follow my media company page on all of its platform, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. This is one of our new releases. It's the Nightcap T Thermal. We had other t-shirts, sweats, beanies, coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour. Stop tickets for the VIP chat. Excuse me, for the VIP Meet and greet has sold out, but there's still many tickets left to attend the big show. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there.


It's gonna be great entertainment. Nightcap Band Club shehe, both nominated for NAACP Image Award. Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcast arts, sports, and entertainment. Love Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for your guys US Link Penn and our social bios. The bills moved to the A FC championship game to face the Kansas City Chiefs with a 27 25 victory. Baltimore had a chance to tie it up, potentially get into overtime, but the two four conversion was failed and Buffalo ran out the time and they moved to face the Kansas City Chiefs in the A FC Champ in the A FC championship game with a 27 25 victory over the Baltimore Ravens.


The Eagles will host, host division rival the Washington Commanders with a 28 22 victory over the Rams Saquon. Barkley ran wild again. He had another 26 carry game, 205 yards with two touchdowns both runs. I think he's had four touchdowns. All four touchdowns against the Rams this year covered at least 60 yards. Jalen Hurt suffered an injury in that game, so we'll see how that plays out. But he did finish the second half. So with the Super Bowl riding on it, Buffalo is in Kansas City. The commanders are in Philly with the chance to go to the Super Bowl in New Orleans.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm unc, he's ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after Ohio State Notre Dame, The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the weeks. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Ard to tell about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and N NA's Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.