
You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval and financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Rocket on the Dream.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a Junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's Appf and grab a $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan. Return to their hometown for a fresh start, only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parenting.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The Volume


UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all glitz and glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any of the action at Draft King Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knight of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evenly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the octagon with drafting sports book. Download the Drafting Sports book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only with Jeff Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario, won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, t and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Head coach Mike Malone and the general manager Calvin Booth was terminated. DFP reported that the tension had been brewed between Booth and Malone for quite some time. So, so much source that the, the source described it as a Cold War. Denver had lost four straight and was just 11 and 13. Since the Allstar break, players such as Yolk have displayed frustration on the sideline vibes have been low according to the source. There's another report that said Westbrooks minutes were part of the riff. It reported that Booth was questioning. Bro, why are you playing Westbrook when you should be playing? I forget the younger guy's name. Say back a defense, pick it.


Yep, yep, yep. That's it. And so you look at, yo, he's giving you 45, 13 and 10 and they lost all three. He gave you a 60 point triple double, a 40 point triple double and he was gonna assist short of a triple double on the 38 point game. So he gave you 45, 13 and 10 over three games span and they lost all three games. So my thing is this, it goes back to what we was talking about Dallas, right? I don't think this is a problem that was just been brewing this year. I think the problem was lost after they won the championship and they didn't pay Bruce Brown. Right? You lose, you lose your, yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't say he was A defensive weak.


I wouldn't say he was the heart and soul, but you lose a little grit, right? Yeah. If things get hard, you need a little bit more grit. Okay, cool. Right? They was able to sustain that. Right? Then the following year they came up short, they lost to Minnesota and actually the, the, the year before Bruce Brown had a stellar, he got paid off that Minnesota series. Then coming to free agency, you lose Cardwell Pope, right? You talk about Now you done lost and as a team you need the locker room. The locker room is the most important, right? The culture is the most important and, and the ability to win games and the, and the real games is not based on the the star players. It's based on the culture of your team. That's what makes it the role, right? Yep. So you lose these two guys, right?


You try to fill a void with Chris Bryan, you try to fill a void with Watson And you try with these young guys, pick it right? And then you want to go get Russ, right? You're surprised it doesn't work now and Now you have to point blame at somebody. You talking about they beat us three one in the bubble. We was supposed to play the, You know that team we had, we was supposed to be the one come out. Yeah. Lakers. Yep. Y'all had Three one. Yep. Beat us three one. So I'm able to see this, this team up close and personal. I'm might be to see this coach up close and personal, right? Elite coach. I honestly think he overachieved in Denver overachieve.


And to be able to come down there, implement your system, right, have, have a two time MVP that's selfless. Usually the MVPs like, no, gimme the rock, I'm shooting a faded away. I'm aha, I'm doing this. I'm talking about a selfless MVP, right? And you don't make the moves you're supposed to make in free agency. And you wondering why your team is not the same team. It baffles me. It actually baffles me. Pat, I was wondering, did you hear what James Harden said? The reason why they're having success? He says, well per he said personnel. He said, he said personnel. There's the only two guys that's not there. And I don't know what he was trying, what was he trying to say? Because he said the only thing is personnel.


Yeah. I don't need to say anything else. This thing was like, everyone knows their roles, right? And as a and and, and, and as a player who's, You know, I, I, You know, I didn't have a cup of tea. I spent 12, 13 years in the NBA. Right? So like knowing your role and for me to be, You know, the ultimate role player, right? Knowing your role helps everybody else out around you. Right? Not only do You know your role Now you can thrive in your role. Correct. Okay, cool. I know, I know my role on this team is to rebound and if I get it, You know, I get it in the corner, I'm gonna shoot it. That's my role. I'm gonna stay in my role now I'm gonna thrive in my role. Right? He had guys over there, obviously the Paul George, we can name the Paul George Russell Westbrook, the PJ Tucker.


Remember PJ Tucker was Bones Island also. Yeah. They went through that whole debacle with Ty Lou. They were arguing, they were, You know, forget those guys. Also, all that mixing again talked about. It's hard to win games like that. Man. You got so much, you got so much bad going around. You can't basketball. How? Because you got James hard look. It seems to be like James hard focus on basket. James Harden. Kaw is back healthy, Kaw is back healthy Zbox is playing. Unbelievable. I still magic my guy.


I love magic. Magic without his mind for Trayvin. Mike. Mescal for Zbox. Can you imagine Zubo with LeBron and Luca or Zbox with Ad and bro, because now, now Luca now AD could have slid to the four. Like he wanted to play leave Zu at the five. Can you imagine what that would I don't even want, let let's, let's, let's not. No, I I was There when we traded for Big Zoo. I was there. Hey man, pat we getting this big center in I man, where you from man? Talking about he from man, he from overseas. Pat man, I bring him in.


Big zoo man had a, had a box haircut. Yeah, I got him right. Huh? Hey man, nah, put some swag on you man. Yeah. Unbuckling your shirt, your chest out. I got Z Wright top, top four center in the NBA right now. He played like it, I mean he's had a a 30 20 game. A 2020 game Z is playing. Oh. And guess what? He can get his points And you don't run out one play board. Not one. They don't say, Hey fool, go down there. What hand you want on? You want a left? Get on the right block. I'm gonna throw it here, go down to the left. I'm gonna throw it there. All he does, Hey James, harden layoff. Oh he get it off the rim, put it back. I'm not running anything for him. So now I get James Harden.


Do what you do Kawhi. Do what you do. Like you said, know your role. Ocho knew every game. I'm number one receiver. I'm gonna get my catches. I'm gonna get my 10 targets. Now OCHO ain't got a thing. I, hey I ain't, oh hold on. I ain't got but one target. Okay, the next three quarters I'm gonna get at least three a quarter, maybe four. So when You know your role, like you said Pat, when You know your role, you can thrive. And the simpler you keep it, you don't have to think I can just let my athletic ability take over. I take my athletic ability over anybody that's play I'm playing against. And that's with anything. Right? That's with life.


Right. And the minute you start to merge to the left lane, You know that ain't your lanes stuff start, you start to hear that little gravel now stand and young man, you try to merge in the right lane. You hear that horn? No man. Somebody behind you real quick. Stand in your lane, man. Stand in your lane. Good things happen. Good things happen. Alright Pat, this is the, I I'm gonna need your expertise on this one. Ja threw a grenade at the crowd the other night. You know, he, yo he can't, he can't B, BB, BB He can't do that anymore. He can't do Pat. If you was in the locker room with Ja, what, what, what, what would you, what would you sit, sit down and talk to the young brother? Tell him I wouldn't, I I wouldn't try to.


Right. 'cause I was in the locker room with an, an Anthony S too. Right. So my, my job in the locker room is, man look, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't here trying to be your your your your your daddy. But I'm gonna try to be a brother. You feel me? You know these folks on you right? You hot right Now. You just got out. Yep. You just got out. Yeah. You gotta check in every so often. They off that corner. Them folks, they looking for you. Yeah. Calm down, tread lightly. Just do that for about six months. Them folks go give you everything you want. You can keep it moving.


Oh, not him. I mean, and a lot of times Pat, we hear people that's not in that position. Let that man be him. Let that man live his life. Well that's why you're not in that position because I don't care what anybody says. There are certain things that you have to do no matter who you are or how much, how big you are. Right. It but My thing is, I hope it's not, I hope it's not gonna be a lingering thing. That's my thing. I hope it don't get to a point where we told you so they did it. They did it.


Thousand Iverson. Right. They did it to Allen Iverson. You talking about a, a trend setter. You talking about somebody who literally changed the game. They right outta there. Not, not, not because of no, no guns and no AI wasn't even doing that. They got 'em outta there because of I practice. Do you practice? They, they, they made a thing, a big thing and got him outta that. So that's my, that's my fear and everything. Right. You don't want to get to a point where you're such a big distraction that it's a negative kind of tutor that comes to you and, and and around that organization. You know? So you just don't want you, especially his age and especially what's going around now. Right. Right.


Especially what's going around now. Especially what's going around in Memphis and in these inner cities who need, who need that face. They need Ja. Right. Yeah. That 'cause he's their coach. Right. So if he can like turn that light Right. And just, just turn it the other way. Right. And I ain't telling you to go out there and pray to the Gods and do all that. I'm, I'm telling you to be yourself. Be a basketball player. Be swaggy do your dad, my son do the griddy. So, so they taking some type of positive from it. I, my thing is that's just use that big old light, that big old platform you got. Ja. And I just using it in another way. That's all. Yeah. Lemme ask you a question.


How surprised would you be if Memphis moved Ja in the office? That's the next, I mean that's, that's, I wouldn't say that's gonna happen now, but that's usually the next steps. You see a coach leave, right? Anytime. And we in the locker room, we see a coach get fired. If motherfucker players get to looking around And I nobody next man, then it becomes player. Listen. Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna tell you, I'm, I'm gonna tell you I have my sources in the NBA. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna disclose those sources 'cause they probably wouldn't tell me anything else at this point. And Pat and, And You know, I could tell you, You know, I can see y coming down here, coming down here to Miami. Me? Mm. Yeah. I I ain't gonna tell you who told me. And I'm not telling you, I'm not telling you what I heard.


I'm telling you what I know. So if, if it does happen to have happen, You know, later on in the future, just know you heard it from me first. Yeah. I'm not, I don't know if y'all got anything that they want. Y'all gonna trade 'em. Bam. Y'all gonna trade 'em Tyler hero because that's the only pieces that y'all got. They're not gonna give you y'all best player. You gotta give them something comparable. Ojo. I mean we, we we'll cross that bridge when we get there. But I'm, I'm just telling, I'm just telling you what I know. That's it Because the reports are Nico, Harris, Harris, Harrison. Harrison. Harrison. Harrison. He reached out to Minnesota Ant man is he available?


Abso Absolutely not. He reached, he reached out to Milwaukee. Is young available? He not So Yeah, But at that point in time he was like, hold on, we're probably doing too much calling around this going right out. Yeah. Yep. So now, so now Pat Bell, we gotta hone in. Okay. Our next, our next move. Gotta be our best move. Hey, he called LA Rob. Hey man, how you doing? Yeah man, I'm good. What you think?


You think we can get Anthony Davis off you for a loop? No, no, No, no, no. The language was different. The language had to be like this. Hey, ring, ring, ring. What's up? Yeah. Hey, hey Pat. What's going on? I'm check it out. I got something for you. I'm about to give you a Ferrari. You give me back a a a bag of potatoes Y'all on pat. Matter of fact, You could, at least No matter of fact, uncle, I ain't gonna lie to you. A bag of potatoes with a the hole in the bottom. 'cause you giving me damaged goods. How's it going? Damn. At least you could have said a And you Giving me damaged goods. Man, I got my goods.


I couldn't even eat my goods. I can't play my goods. I can't cook my goods. My goods ain't available. Right. Damn. Damn. But I see you in la you driving Ferrari on you, you you doing me like this Top down. Yeah. And now they looking at me crazy talking about fire me. Nah, nah, nah, nah. We ain't gonna do that. Nah, we ain't gonna do that. Not here. Not here. But You know what in order, because here's the thing, there are certain people you don't even call and ask about. You are not even calling Boston asking about Jason Tatum. You are not even there are certain you're not. I mean for, there are certain people you won't even call.


So the mere fact why said hold on. You would've really considered tracking Luca. Because, because Rob is thinking like, hold on. You not call, you not calling Golden State about no stuff. You not calling OKC about shit. You know, they not answering the phone. They not, you not even, you not calling Denver about Yolk. There's some things you don't even pick up the phone to call. There's some things like we were growing up, you wouldn't ask your mom, dad, or grandma I wouldn't bother because I already


all your renters out there. Here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash, it's gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


What's Good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know it's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment. From available intelligent around view monitor to available bulls personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 with available HD enhanced intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets product availability may vary by Regency app for details


Every time. Listen, hey, you getting, you getting ready to go in the store with your mama? Matter of fact, she tell you before you even get outta college when we get in here, don't you ask for nothing? You ask for nothing. Don't ask for nothing. And you better not push that bug up on my damn heels either. For real. I mean that, that was a game changer. Hey, You know, hey, hey Ocho. You know, we pushing the fuck and all of a sudden they, boy, didn't I tell you, You you hit that, you hit that lower calve, that Achilles. Yeah. Matter of fact, hold on. My my grandma. Listen, I now, I never forget. Oh You know about Z You ever heard the zas before? Yeah, pat, I done ran into my grandma into Achilles not paying attention, pushing the buggy.


And she done stopped abruptly in front of me And I had no idea ran into the back of her and she didn't even look back at me. She just cool swing without even looking back. 'cause she knew exactly where I was at. Right Upside the head. Right upside the head. Boy, that's memories right there, boy. Yeah. You can't ask for nothing. Like don't ask for nothing. We going hip slip on. So on. Hey, how did, hey look, I why we got though I didn't get your, I didn't get your feelings on this. 'cause You know, you, you, you, you, you, the way you handled this was very, very, very perfect. The, you, you had two friends kind of get into it a little bit. How that feel? Who that LeBron Man I know That put you in a little pickling man.


I know that. Put you on a pick Bad man. Look here. Stephen. A is Stephen a LeBron felt that Stephen a crossed the line because he questioned him as a father. You're not questioning Brody's skills, you're not questioning my skills. You are questioning saying I'm doing damage to my son by having him play. Bro. He's the 55th player. I mean, there's only, there's only 60 players selected. They make it seem like they took Bronny and the lottery and, And you I'm not, and plus you have to understand the man had a major medical issue. Give him some time to recover from that.


Now if in three years he's still milling around, okay. It is what is, maybe he's a career g Leaguer. Maybe he's a a a a, a serviceable role player. But for me, once, it tells me a lot for LeBron to do what he did because LeBron has swallowed a lot of stuff for 22 years. Yeah. For him to approach him in a public setting during the timeout of a basketball game lets You know just how upset he was. Yeah. He said what he said Stephen a said he understood. Cool. Yeah. The problem that I had with Stephen a And I told Stephen a this bro, you should have left that alone once you say you understood it, but when you went and made the rounds And you said what you said on Gill's Arena And you went to other platforms and then like you added yeast to the story.


That's where, that's why I was out on it. I mean, Stevie and my guy, we talk about a lot of stuff. Not just, You know, e first take stuff. We talk about a lot of stuff and, and You know, he's helped me, gave me, given me some good advice. And I like to think I've given him some. I just wish whatever happened that Friday night or whatever it was that's been, and And we Made a good case on our, on our pod, we made a good case. People should be judged case scenario. Right. Right. Talk about the talent. Right. Right. Talk about me not being good. Talk about like criticize me Right. But don't criticize me because of who my dad is. Mm.


Right. Like you say I'm 55th pick. Ain't nobody talking about these two bum ass motherfuckers. That was number one or number two. Exactly. Yeah. That's losing every game. We don't even know. Look, we talk about Bronny so much. People forget that he was the 55th pick. People forget who the first three picks were. Hell, I couldn't tell you. I mean hardly into the picks My point. Exactly. You feel me? So like when you, when you dealing with that, right? And, and, and, and, and, and, and one thing I like with the, about the James family, the way they take the criticism is, is is absolutely Everybody can't everybody ain't built for that little pat. Remarkable. Yeah. But also Pat, You know, you gotta understand.


You gotta understand how long they've been in it, how long they've been in it. So really after this, after this long, you gotta think the press has been on. LeBron says what coming outta high school, he Was a junior in high school. Sophomore. Everybody. He burst on the sea when they put him on cover, on, on Sports Illustrated said the chosen one. Yep. So He's 40. He's 40 now. He was 16 or 17 then. So that's been 23, 24 years for damn near a quarter century. He's been in the public eye. Yeah. So he, he And so it's just like, it is just like any parent. If you are in a situation And you can help your child, who doesn't? We see these, we see these CEOs and presidents and the only companies.


What did Jerry do? All of his kids. Ain't nobody say nothing. Well Steven ain't qualified. Charlin ain't qualified. Yeah. As a parent, that's what you do. You try to put your kid in the best situation. Oh we seen. And then it's up to him to make the most best of the situation that we got. We got the blueprint from November. That's who we got the blue. Oh man, I see these CEOs, they doing this man, okay man, this person deserve this job. If they go hire, they gonna hire over here. Cu ain't ain't really did nothing. They still go hiring. Okay cool. We killed all that. So let's do the same thing. Right.


I mean collectively longevity, you talk about legacy wise you have to get the first, the mom a lot of credit. 'cause it starts with her and it trickles all the way down Right. To Miss Savannah. It trickles all the way down. You have to get that family a lot of credit. They, they've done a lot and to steal every time you see them, for them to look so, so royal. So like with so much royalty and handle themselves class, it's really impressive. Especially coming from, from the black culture, especially coming from the black culture. And this, this is how I know, this is how I know not only does James class, the the James family is class con personified, but LeBron James as well. Pat because you think about his accolades, his achievements and what he's been able to do since coming outta high school.


The pressure being on him, him being able to take it all this time and, and and reaching a milestone of, of being the, the, the highest scoring NBA player of all time. And the fact that when he hit that 50,000 points, You know, and whatever game that was. I I I just wanted to show you 'cause I, the rest of the chat has seen it. Some, some other, some of the other people that have been on here be able to see on has been able to see it. You know, LeBron gifted me the 50,000 ball, the 50,000 point ball And I just wanna show it to you. Just check that out. You sure? Yeah. That, yeah. You know I was, I was, I was on the Lakers when that game happened. Yeah. This, the ball right here, you turn around a little bit.


No that ain't it. No you ain't no that ain't it. I no, I ain't played with that ball. I haven't played with that ball. So Yeah. I'm scoring to that game. That ain't the ball I scored with. That ain't the ball Ba what's going on with you Lou? Wills and Brandon Jennings. You posted today that you kicked their ass in a one-on-one tournament? Yeah. Lou Williams. Jeff Teague. Brandon Jennings, time off every one of them. Both fos know you get on the court with me and I'm going to dog y'all. What you, what you say? Lofi high five Pat five. What you talking about? Yeah. Hey, no but so you gotta understand like for me, my role coming to the NBA was very different.


Right. I I've been on the team with Ty Lawson. Right. I've been on a team with Lou Will. Right. I've been, I played against Brandon James. So five on five segment is very different than a one-on-one segment. Right. Yeah. Hey I'm able to practice against these guys and I'm the guy that man, I, I can't shoot anyway. I gotta play defense all the time. 'cause I gotta say y'all ass anyway, so, okay. So they know what I bring to the table. Like, You know that guy in practice that no matter you suit up with you, man he gonna get me hell every single day he ain't gonna let up. Right? Yeah. Right. Or if y'all, in my case, y'all probably was the guy that didn't let up on people. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's how it is with me in practice. So like, I know coming in, in the dough like one-on-one in the dough with me, like, like with me, I'm, I'm a different animal.


Like I, I don't stop chewing. I, I keep going. I keep going. I keep going. I'm, I'm, I want bone. I don't want flesh, I want bone, I want meaty, I want gristle, I want veins. Like I'm, I'm, I'm, yeah, I get wild when I'm in that cage, You know? So I like that. I like that. Yeah. Hey, I got a question. Since you really got that kind, you got that. In fact you got that obviously most, most of us, we call it that dog mentality, it's not something that's taught, it's already in you. You already got that. So I'm just curious. You talk about playing them boys. If you And I were to play 1 0 1 knowing that we both kind of think alike And we cut from the same motherfucking claw, you think a game the 11 you could deal with me? Yeah. Yeah. Not, not, not, not, not like see look, my my finger's doing something I don't even know what they doing.


Look Right, right, right. But but not, not, not like to just because, because like you play a different sport or whatever. That's not the case. Just the, just the case that I will die out there before I lose. Are you willing to do the same? Hold on. I'm willing to die about a lot of things like I owe. Okay. Oh listen, lemme tell you something. Pat. Lemme tell you something about me. Right. I owe on $5,200. Right? I ain't paid on money in about seven months because I Am. You Listen, die that 5,200, you hear me? Listen, this this ninja crazy. He gonna tell about I own UNC And I ain't even paid it And I ain't paid. Oh hell. Oh hell. And You gotta think that You about throw this man up on the ass cut before And on on the side.


Chad. Y'all heard this man, this man be talking about all night talking about, yeah uncle, I'm gonna run your money. We get to Baltimore. Now he getting into It with Pat be talking about he ain't gonna money. Yeah. And I was using it at a small example. Now I'm gonna give you money anyway. I'm just, I was give, I was telling Pat, I'm trying to give him an example of how like I'm willing to d out not giving it, but I'm gonna give it to you. So I'm just trying to, trying to get you Yeah, I'm trying to get Pat to understand like, I'm really like that too. And if you willing to die by that I mean we on the same you paid, right? Right. Yeah, I would, I would really love the schedule of one-on-one between us. I'll come to you, I'll spot you five to 11. Who me? I'm talking, ain't no Allen here, I'm talking to you.


No, no, no, no. I'll spot see this, this is the thing you played, you played professional basketball. You have yet to see me play. I average 56 in high school. I was supposed to go to the NBA, but I got in trouble. I got suspended, got kicked outta school. So I had no choice. And I went to school And I only had football. So I was forced to do that. You hear me? Huh? So I got this skill set And I could transition into that. And if I need to, getting back to what I normally do And I put a belt the ass on the court, you could be the first one. Nah. So, so with with sports, And I think we all know this with sports, it's, it's the, it's the major, major component that's always important.


And that's right. Conditioning, right. That's me, that's me. I'm condition. I'm condition. Right. I, I just played a game a month ago in front of 7,000, You know, 18 505. You know I'm okay. Yeah. They screamed another language over there. While I'm, while I'm playing, I'm, I'm, I'm back my way. I'm back pedaling on the way back like this. Right. This okay. Like, so conditioning is, is is a part of it. Mental conditioning is the most important part of it. That's that they don't teach you. That's what you can't get at the gym. Right. That's, that's that stuff. I'm gonna just lift and keep doing this rep until all my muscles burn until I feel a burn that I ain't never felt before. And then when I feel that I'm gonna do some lower. Okay. Like that type.


Yeah. I get Wow. Okay. Let, yeah, let me, let me, let me tell you something about my kind of conditioning. Yeah. Wow. Can you hear me? Yeah. Okay. You know I say yeah now. All right. Get wild. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you about my kind, my kind of conditioning. All right. My conditioning, You know I play soccer. You hear me? Hold on. Hold what that is. Hold lemme, lemme write it. Write this down. 'cause I like it be a hairline. Then you write write it down. I play a striker. You hear me? I play a nine. I play 45 minute half straight with no break. Running full speed.


You hear me? That's fast. That's no breaks, no timeouts, no commercials. 45 minutes. That's two halves of those. Okay. That's part of my conditioning. Then my physical and mental conditioning. I take these right here. Huh? These called Rose Falls now. This kind of conditioning I do at home. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't know Pat, you hear me? He probably one of them. You hear me? I put chan cam put her through the mattress. You hear me? I make sure she touch every corner of the wall. Huh? I put on the ceiling fan And I I tie it to the ceiling fan and make it go around in circles.


That's the kind of condition I'm talking about. You ain't built like this. Yeah. Won't be no poster. Won't be no Shooting up. Jump Man too, man. Shooting up jumper. Don't turn back on him. I just, that's what I said. Hey man, make the three go. Hey wait, boy, pat, I love you boy man. Pleasure man. But those guys, man, they know, they know those guys, man. They just, You know, they, I get the text like, it's funny 'cause I get the text from guys like, yeah man, that's, that's keep running it up for the media. And in my mind I'm like, nah, I'm dead serious.


All yeah. Well I ain't doing this 'cause no media. I'm dead serious. I bust all y'all ass. I like, For Real. Like, And we, we could do it with cameras, without cameras, however you wanna do it. You feel me? How you wanna do it? So Yeah. Hey Pat, so let, so let this get this. I get a sponsor and I'm gonna put 50,000 on the line. So you, Lou will Ty Lawson, Brandon Jennings, one-on-one winner. Take all Who taking the money? I'm I'm gonna say this. You, you'll Be a not an intelligent man and To Bet against me, I tell you that.


Don't bet. No. We gonna put it down the winner. Get it all the winner, get the whole 50. Matter of fact Add 5,200 to that 50. What? You ain't on both mind to it. Listen, I I I know it's ka when I, when I tell a person, come on, let's play one oh hundred. Let's let, let's, let's let's play 1 0 1 for a hundred thousand. You go get, go to your chase. I'm gonna go to my chase, I'm gonna take out a hundred. You take out a hundred. Don't nobody gotta be there. We'll play. I guarantee all of 'em gonna say no. I don't know. Hey, hey, hey Brandon Jennings. Hey no, I, Hey Lord, I got y'all.


Matter of Fact, I got something even better for y'all. Right. What y'all, y'all Both know and y'all say y'all got sources and y'all both know people that's in basketball. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ask them. Just ask them. Hey man, look, if, if boy, if, if one of them suited up with Pat, 'cause You know, we don't really know, but if one of 'em suited up with Pat, how the outcome be, everybody will tell you the same. Like, man, yeah, they can play. But boy Pat different. He's different. He different. Yeah, he different. He different. He just different. He not gonna stop. He's still working out. He's still playing basketball. Like he pat different, he, he different. Yeah. So that's all. Are you trying to a Hey Pat, are you trying to come back to the NBA?


Are you cool with What? You know what it, I I I, I'll lie to you and say I don't wanna come back to the NBA. Right. I'll lie to you and, and say that like you a basketball player, you want to keep playing. You want to, you want to get a game. Anything you can give it, you want to get a game. Everything. You can give it, you can play play. I still can play. I still, I still got a good three years left And you feel me, we just got a couple calls if I wanted to decide to go back overseas and play. So like basketball is always a door open for open for me. But again, we speak about longevity also, which is Right. Right. You know? Right. I've done a good job, take care of my body to still even be in this position. So yeah. If, if that opportunity presents itself, I'm gonna be Mr. 94 feet to be ready.


So in other words, in your claws in the overseas, you can opt out to come to an NBA if an NBA team you Correct. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I mean it's been, it is been a fun ride. You know, I've been doing this for 17 years. Right. I've been doing this five years overseas on, I done seen the whole world, man. I done seen, I done seen Italy, I done seen Russia on, I done seen, I done seen Israel, I done seen Greece. I done seen, I done seen so many different countries on. Right. What's some, what's some of the best souvenirs that you brought back from the countries? Because I know you gotta bring something back because Russia and Italy and Israel and the Greece and Turkey, all the places you've been.


What's some of the best souvenirs that you brought back from, You know what I'll just say, I'll just say my, my mental ones, right? The, the, the, the people I've met through my journey. Right. The coaches I've had. 'cause You know, the European coaches are very different than what the, what the NBA is. The, the, the friendships I have. Right. The restaurants that I can go back in Israel right now if I wanna go to and and, and, and, and, and it look exactly the same. Right. I'm able to bring my mom, You know, shot glasses from different countries, just, You know, she don't drink at all. Right. But just to have something that, You know, my son brung me there. So like, I mean this, this ride of mine you talking about 12 years in the NBA five years overseas man, 17 years pro doing it.


Inner, inner inner city kid from Chicago motherfucker. You gotta think John Shier D me and d Derrick Rose, we all the same class. I was the third best, I was the third best player in that class. I was the last, I'm the only player still playing basketball. Yeah. John Shouted, coach John Shier, him, me, Derrick Rose. I was the, I was the third best player outta all of them. I'm the only one still playing basketball. Huh. Wow. Bitch y'all didn't know that did you? Cha wow. Ba ba You're 12 years in the NBA. You played with a lot of great players. You was on failure, you played with Yo and Bead And you with LeBron and Ad And you with Kawhi and PG and James, you played with James Harden, you played with some of the great, all 75 players.


If you don't mind, what was some of the things that you, you would think that kind of made them who they are, what they are? LeBron. I'm gonna start with LeBron James 'cause he has to go first 'cause he was probably was the biggest impact in my career. I met LeBron when I was a rookie in Miami and he really gave me the blueprint of being in the NBA and what his gold took to stay in the NBA. Right.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the Dream.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosher Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan. Return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select markets product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


He just did all extra shit. Like, okay we was, we we we sprinted with the Miami Heat. He fucking pat, let's do five most sprints. I'm a rookie or I'm gonna say no LeBron James. Okay, we going, we going to sprint. He don't wanna do regular sprints. He want to touch the wall. You feel me? Yeah. It might be, it might be nothing. It might be a extra little two feet, but those extra two feet add up over so many more times. Right, right. With James Harden, I I seen his ability to, to to take the game of basketball and make it, okay, how can I cheat the game When I say cheat the game, like how can I get to the free throw line 20 times? What's the gray area into that? How can I use my IQ when my athleticism falls?


My athleticism falls and still be an elite skill player. Right. So I learned pick and roll isolation. The, the amount of time it takes to get from an ISO to a, You know, from a switch. Then I go Kauai Lena, I've never seen anybody in my life work out like him on the basketball court. Right. As basketball courts, basketball players. You rep it, You know, you might shoot five spots, you might shoot seven spots. I'm gonna shoot by the, the corner, the wing, the top of the key corner wing. I'm gonna shoot five spots. Him, he different, he shoot nine spots. When you shoot five spots regularly, you make 10 with him. He make 20, 29 spots. And it's not surprising to me when he plays sometimes that he gets hurt. Yes. He gets hurt because he's putting in so much extra work on a basketball court.


Wow. I've never seen a player, I've never seen a player work out like Kawai Leonard in my entire life of being on this earth. His his work workouts are simple. They're extremely hard. They're extremely hard. I'm talking about make 29 spots, make 20 another nine spots, make 20 going left fast spots, make another 20 left fast. Spots you, your arms so tired And you yo your mind's so drained. Like you Yeah, I done got up a thousand today. We gonna do it again tomorrow, pat? Yeah. 2000. We gonna do it again tomorrow. Pat 3000. We had 6,000 makes in a week. I say man, this man's, this man's different.


He definitely, yeah. We you miss gang, you missed a gang winner. You gotta make 20, you miss 20, you go back down to 15. Mm. I'm talking about when it comes to like, and it's not a lot of, ain't no joking in the locker room. Ain't no a a a a crew for like eight to 10 people. Ain't no cameras. It's me, his homie, my homie, four people, homies, rebound let's work. Wow. So what, what he did what like, and everyone knows, but y'all know Right. With that amount of work you put in. Yeah. You know, you might be hurt. It might not show up this game, but in the playoffs he shows up every single time.


Yeah. Every single time. So I, I was able to have some really good vets And I ain't gonna lie to you aunt, I had some motherfuckers that I was like, yeah, let me stay away from him. I'm cool. You feel me? I done have the best. They walk there with, with with, with flip flops on a game starting the hour. They walk on there with flip flops on. Okay cool. Okay. Next two years they out the league. Okay cool. Yeah. Pat don't do that. Yeah, don't do that. Don't do that. So I had, I had the best of both worlds. I was able to see people with big names get out the league And I was able to see people that stayed in the, You know, league without big names. I ain't never averaged over 10 points a game long. I played 12 years in NBA. I missed the playoffs once.


Wow. I got drafted 42, I got draft the same draft Steph Curry draft. They took 19 point guards. I was one of 'em. Mm. Earned Keep Earn my keep unc That's it. I made over a hundred million dollars in the BA man unc I earned my keep. You recently made some critical comments about the Sixers wasting opportunities. If you were the GM of the Sixers, you got Max contract Joel and B Max contract. Paul George Max contract. Tyrese Maxey. You are the GM. Pat Bev is the GM of the Sixers. What are you doing this off Season? It'll be, it'll be tough.


It'll be tough for me again. 'cause now I have damaged goods. All those players you named, they ended the season hurt. Right. So now I'm doing a deal with Attain. It'd be tough for me to even get that off. They didn't play well. They underperformed and they hurt. So yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm giving you unc that red Ferrari, it ain't a red Ferrari no more. It's, it got a little dent center. The little paint strip a little bit. The muffler hanging back on the loose. I it ain't the red Ferrari no more. I don't think you gonna drive it. I ain't gonna lie Ma, I don't think you want what I got to give you. Right. You got overload. We gotta add some first, some first rounds. You gotta add some second rounds. I think they put themselves in a position to either be really good or to be really bad.


Well I mean when you got the contract Joe l And you got three years coming at 193 million, you got Paul George got a, he's gonna pick up that 50 option. Duh. He gonna pick that. So you basically, so basically you got Paul George for another four years excess of 200 million Tyrese Maxey, I think Tyrese Maxey is he, he's gonna be an all star. Right. He's phenomenal. But I just don't know what you're gonna do with Joel l and b with his injury history, with his age and that contract. Paul George, his injury history as of late his age and that contract. What could you possibly do?


You know what you gotta, you gotta let it play out one more year. Right. And then like we said with with anything, with basketball, the first person to go on ain't the player is the coach. Right. And I played for Philly, I played for that beautiful city on, I played for Nick Nurse. Right. I played with Joelle. I know how nice he is. I play with Tyrese Maxey when he got most improved that year. I know how good he is. But you go feel a lot of pressure from that city. Y'all know Philly, Philly a different city when it comes to sports. When it comes to sports. Philly take, they, they, they take, they they sports to, they go to sleep with it. They go to sleep with they sports. They, they, they, they drink coffee, coffee mugs. They got Philly's cup. They go, they sleep, they wake up with they sports.


If you don't do something fast with that, no matter what it is and, and don't do the wrong thing. And the wrong thing is get rid of Joelle. You get rid of Joelle and this don't go. Right. Yeah. You talk about losing for a lot of years. Right. But if you, if you, if you get the right doctors, then you get the right medical staff And you get the right locker room pieces around them that, You know, maybe you guys don't feel hurt. You feel me? Yeah. We maybe you guys, I ain't gonna lie, if you got 10 games to go Right. And you, And you, you need to win seven of 'em to make it to the playoffs. That knee that was hurting it don't feel that that bad today. Yeah. Right. Right. But if you got 10 games to go And you gotta win 11 of 'em. Yeah. I'm cool all here. I don't Wanna play tonight.


Right. It's just different, huh. Right. They just need, they need a coach. They need a coach. Anything with that involves winning regardless. If it's a company, it's a, a football team, it's a basketball team, it's a, it's a a a karate unit. With, with with, with, with 10 year olds. You need culture. You need culture. In order to be good at anything, you need the right culture and Right. And this year they didn't have it. Pat. I look at OCHO And I, we had a discussion. And, and, And I said, I looked at it like this Joel and beat end of the season. He played in the postseason, but basically he was on one leg. Why not have the surgery on the leg or riff the leg? If surgery wasn't required, why go to the Olympics?


And I understand the Olympics, America has done so much for Joellen Beach and his family. It's made him rich but wildest beyond his dreams. But he had a talent, he parlayed that I don't get going to play for the Olympics. And if I'm the Sixers, I'm not gonna allow joy to play because I got two, $300 million tied up in you And you spent the half the season, the majority of the season injured. Do you think he should have played in the Olympics? If you, if you own the, if you're Josh Harris And you own the Sixers, are you allowing your injured player who injured the season, who the last part of the season and in the postseason was injured, are you gonna allow him to play or to have, or are you gonna say you need to have surgery or you need to rest to make sure you're healthy for the seven?


So throughout That whole year, they knew that the, the team came up short the year before. So being around the NBA at that time, you heard little chatter, right? You hear little chatter and Joelle playing and KD playing Damn Kaw. You playing Steph Curry playing LeBron said he playing. And then you playing, like you start, you start hearing about it. And now it became unc it became not everybody playing, all the top dogs playing. Right? You didn't wanna meet miss a seat on that bus. 'cause what they did, they go down in history, right? They go go down in history. So with that, what the states have done, You know, in his defense, in his mind he was Like, You know Pat, like, feel me?


Like man, like my son was born here, feel me? Like fun was born here, I'm putting on for the little homie. Mm. Right. You can't go against that, huh? Right. I'm putting, I'm putting on for my son. So like, I thought, I thought what he did, the decision he made, I thought, I thought it was a fantastic decision. Right? I thought him coming up, winning, winning and gold. I thought he was gonna take that momentum and go back to Philly because in the Olympics he seemed, he seemed in great condition, he seemed in elite condition. He didn't seem Like, You know, like he was dragging or anything. He looked really good. He was probably one of the reasons, the main reason he hit the mid range shot. When, when, when us couldn't score right there on the right wing over Yoic against us.


Yeah. Yeah. He hit that shot. That was a big shot. People don't understand. That's probably one of the biggest shot. 'cause USA couldn't score. He hit that shot. They go on Steph Curry, do his thing. LeBron do his thing, but they win the game. Like they brung home the gold. I can never fault a person who put on for his country and brought us back gold, unc No, but if you, if you Josh Harris And you got $300 million tied up in him, you caught it. Yeah. If you Josh Harris, you looking at it from a whole different beast. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You looking at it from a business point. Yeah. I I hear you. I hear that. I hear you. But yeah, we going need, we gonna need gold and Philly too. So Yeah. It, it goes both ways. Yeah. I'm just glad I ain't Josh Harris this Pat, I'm glad I that's a, that's a hard job to have.


That's a hard job to have Because you, she, you shelling out money because here's the thing, And you had, what's the gym in Philly? He you had him in, in, in the Houston. You talking about the gym? I walk on the bus, UNC, I say, Hey Dar more you trading me? He no, pat, I ain't trading you uncle. I was traded three days later. Damn. And You know me, I'm, I'm 12 years in, so, And I know him. He came and got me, you feel me? He came and got me in Europe. So he brought me to the Rockets. He gave me my first contract. So it's my mama know, You know, so it's So you really can't even be mad even though he traded. You can't be mad because that's my Man. Yeah. It ain't personal, it's business. But yeah, I got on the bus, UNC, I got right on the bus. Hey Darl, what's going on man?


I see you on a, on on on a lot of weight games lately, man. I know. Trey about to go down. I'm getting traded. Oh, dog Pat, you cool? Yeah. Unc. Yeah. Pat, you gonna, Milwaukee? All right, cool. Thank you. I know the business, you feel me, it dirty game. But If this thing don't work out because he extended joy and bead when he didn't have to. It's easy to give somebody else money away Pat as opposed to spend your own Josh Harris looking like, hold on. You brought in Paul George gave him a five, basically a five year deal when it seemed like the Clippers was only willing to go to three. You signed Joel and be when he had two years still left on this deal And you gave him a three year extension at a 1 93.


Yeah. You, you get this better work gave Nick nurse the bag. Don't forget about that. Yeah. It better work out man. Take Travis Maxi the bag. Yeah. So you got three guys basically on a, on a max contract. Yeah. I just, It's gonna be tough. It's gonna be tough. I think this is years out. I don't think this is something that can just turn around instantly. I think again, I think they gotta fix what's, what's in the locker room, right? If it's a star player, if it's a superstar player, if it's the kid who you draft or if it's the role player who, who who waving towel. You gotta get that. You gotta get that culture together. And once you get that together, you can kind of navigate your way through basketball games. That's the easy part. But they gotta fix that locker room. They gotta fix the culture that, that, that, that that organization back. They gotta get it back.


The Gators take down the Houston Cougar 65 63 Florida wins an instant classic. Their first title since 2007, when they went back to back oh 6 0 7 when they had Joe King, Noah, they had Al Horford, they won back Toback title under Billy Donovan. I think that's who, yeah, I think that's who their coach was. Billy, Billy Donovan Houston had a chance to take the lead or tie in the final seconds but fail to get a shot off in the final, what, 19 seconds or 12 seconds. But anyway, they failed to get a shot off. Cougars have now appeared in three national championship games, seven final four without a victory. And they were really close. Reminds me of 83, they were in a tie ball game and Derrick Wittenberg heaves up his shot and Lorenzo Charles catches it and dunks it as time ends and they lose that heartbreaking game.


That was Phi Slam Ma Jamma Akeem. Elijah won Clyde Drexler. They had an unbelievable team, but unfortunately Larry Mishaw, Benny Anders, they were not able to get it done. Yeah, they got taken down by the NC State Wolf Pack. Huh? It was 19 seconds. Yeah. And they didn't get a shot off in 19 seconds. Yeah. Ocho watching the ball game. I thought Houston, You know, I thought both teams got a little assing early, started taking some ill advice, sir, shots that seemed like everybody was trying to end the game early, sir and late. I don't know why Houston was taking some of the shots that they took, but I think you gotta give Florida credit because they didn't panic. They got down 12 and they didn't panic.


Yeah. They stuck with their offense. They kept getting great offense. Houston was filing, putting them on the free throw line. I mean they got a couple of a and ones and dug themselves back into the ballgame. But watching this ball game, I know you picked Florida Twin, but what did you like about what you saw? I mean, listen, I like what I saw from Houston. I know they didn't win the game, but obviously I think Houston forcing Florida to have so many turnovers in the first half and a few in the second half. Yes. I really thought Houston was gonna run away with the game at some point when they were up by 12. Listen, obviously Florida being known for their explosive scoring, You know, they faced challenges really penetrating the Houston defense early, early, early in the game. Especially once they got up 12, I thought Houston was gonna run better place, slow the game down itself.


Yeah. And kinda keep the lead extended. But obviously in the Florida coming down the second half they managed to get back into the game and obviously we see how the ga how the game ended, You know, in in involved in Florida's favor. But nonetheless, it was a great game. I I enjoyed it. One of the few times now that I've been a part of the show, one of the few times I've, I've actually sat down and watched collegiate basketball throughout the entirety of, of, of the NCAA series. And I I I, I actually enjoyed it. Honestly. I thought both teams played outstanding. Yeah. Defenses, nobody shot above 40%. Both teams were 25 or below from the three point line. Florida was better from the free throw line.


17 or 21 for 80, 81%. Houston was nine or 14 for 64%. A rebounding was right there. 40 a rebounds for Florida, 39 for Houston. The game was really nipping tuck. But the thing is is that we, we saw the other night with Duke and Houston. Yeah. And, and Houston should have known that teams don't give up because I mean two minutes, three minutes is the in college basketball. But I think you really have to look, look, I know a lot of people gonna say, I Houston gag this one off. They choked this and maybe so, but still in order for you, in order for a team to come back and win when you're down 12 points late in the ball game or when you're down at any point in time, you still have to execute your offense because even though they may have choked, that don't mean you get the lead automatically.


You still have to put the ball in the basket and they were down and they executed and they put the ball in the basket when they absolutely Had to. Yeah. And most definitely also I think Houston in the second half, their shot selection, their shot selection, some of the shots, You know, they, they were, they were trying to put up instead of waiting, allowing the game to come to them. They were very bad. Yes. And I think that also allowed Florida to come back into the game. And I just wanna mention Walter Clayton Jr this unc his leadership, his leadership throughout the tournament, especially in the championship game, solidified his status as one of the top performers to me of all time. You know, I can't run down some of the top performers in a game of this magnitude, but what I saw from him and his ability to score under pressure and facilitate plays and crucial moments for Florida, I think is one of the reasons why they won this game.


Yeah. He didn't, he didn't have his best ball game. No. Will Rich Richard played really well. Yeah, he came in, hit the, hit a couple of three early, that really kept him close early in the ball game. He played well Alex Conden played really, really well. Clayton got 11 points, but he was one for seven from the three and he got most of his points as matter of fact, he got all 11 of his points in the second half because he was shut out in the first half. Yeah. Three or 10 from the floor. But like I said, both of these teams played outstanding defense. And I think a lot of that had a lot of the, the, the percentages that you see had to do with the defensive effort. And you look, you on this stage, we, we, we dealing with teenagers, we deal a lot of these kids 19, 20 years of age, not big in this situation.


And so, You know, You know what's at stake, right? Yeah. Hey, I, I got a chance to be a national champion. I got a chance to be remembered forever at my university and Houston's gonna be kicking themselves because they had this game under control and somehow they let it slip away from 'em. But I think you gotta give Florida a lot of credit because they, they stuck with it. They got timely played, got timely turnovers. I think the biggest turning point ojo was when the guy tried to split, he tried to split the double team and he ended up dribbling the ball off his feet. Yeah. Why, Why? There's a guy on you, you trying to go to go between another guy that's guarded the guy, but you tried to split it, I mean, which was unnecessary.


Pull the ball Back out. I know it is also unnecessary, but we see it happen all the time. Listen, I'm not saying he's in the NBA but we see many, many guards, many, many, many players that play the one in the two split. We we see, we see him split it all the time. Yeah. So I, I know exactly what I'm trying to do. He just wasn't able to execute it the right way because it, the ball obviously hit off its knee. But this, this was, this was a very good game a look. It, it wasn't aesthetically pleasing because both of these teams can make it have the pretense publicity. They can make us make a game look ugly. They can monkey it up, especially Houston because they play defense. They get up into you and they, they, they, they they make you execute.


Yeah. And so yeah, you look at the percentages And you gonna understand why the game was 65, 63 because neither team shot above 40% from the floor. Neither team shot 25 or better than 25% from the three. And so when you get those kind of percentages, Ocho, you're gonna get a, a low score game And you're gonna get an ugly game. But at the end of the day, let me win ugly as opposed to lose, lose pretty. Right. That's the way I look at it. And Florida did what they needed to do. Like I said, they kept themselves attached even though they got down 12 points and you're like damn old. Alright Florida, y'all better do something. And every time they hit a three, they hit another three, they cut it to six, they get a layup, they cut it to four a Houston push it back to eight, they get another two, boom boom, boom, they go to six.


But Florida had, I mean, excuse me, Houston had this drought ocho where they, they, it was just basically they were just getting from the free line. Yeah. They couldn't put, they couldn't get anything in the basket. And it hit a couple of guys, shot the three out the corner of the backboard at a angle. I'm like, well damn. Hey it all, it all Comes. So I gotta be feeling good about that, don't you? I'm like, hey, everything going in for Us. Listen, that, that that shot selection was, was a visible in that second half instead of allowing the game game, allowing the game to come to you. You pressing when you shouldn't be pressing. Take your time, run your plays. You know, I mean I'm, that's one thing to say sitting here at home, but understanding the magnitude of the situation, You know, things change. Yeah.


And, and plus Florida early on, Houston was getting second chance. After the second chance they was getting an opportunity. They was cleaning off on the glass. Yeah. Playing outstanding defense. They were blocking shots, they were stealing the ball and, and, and they were doing everything. This is the type of game that Houston wanted to play. And Florida kind of got out out of sorts, right. Taking quick shots, turning the ball over. 'cause at one point I think Florida had turned the ball over five times and Houston didn't have any Right. But they settled themselves down. I think you have to give Florida a lot of credit. That coaching staff did a great job of settling his players down. Like, look guys, we can't win the ball game in the first half. Let's not, hey, let's, let's play our brand of basketball. Let's, let's do what we do. But it takes a lot for a team to get down like they did and still find a way to come up and win.


Because when they needed to make plays, they made plays. And you have to give Florida staff credit for that. Kelvin Sampson probably kicking himself. He's like, ma'am, what the hell do we have right in this game to get one? And I guarantee you, if somebody told him up, say, You know, at the beginning of the year you're gonna be up 12 points with about seven minutes to play in the ball game. He would've liked the position of being in 12 being in that position. But that's all eternity. And it seemed like, damn, can the clock go any faster? Can we have a running clock? Even if the ball goes out of bound, that clock is stopping at everything And then you're like, damn. But it was a sational show. You have to give, I think you have to give Florida more credit than you put place blame on Houston.


I know Houston made some, some mistakes that they don't normally make in that position, but even though you made those mistakes, somebody has to capitalize on them. Right. And that's what you, and that's what Florida was able to do. They was able to capitalize on the mistakes. And that's what they did. They capitalized and they're the national champs and they, here it is again, the SEC, they pulled it out, they sent 14 teams to the tournament and the last man standing was an SEC team. So that's, that was, that was pretty, that was a pretty good game. I'm glad I got an opportunity to, 'cause You know, hey, Florida's really not a, Florida's a football school Most Yeah. You in SEC unless you're Kentucky, right? Fuel football school.


Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. And Houston, Houston is a basketball school that, because Houston, they've had some good players come out. Elvin Hayes came out of, of University of Houston, Clyde, Drexel, Akeem, Elijah one. So they've had some pretty good players come out of there. More so than I think of the football, the football team. But I think you gotta give Florida Gators more credit than you place blame on, on the University of Houston. Because I think Florida got this with their execution late in the ball game and they were able to pull out a win, a 65, 63 win.


Oh yeah. You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the Dream.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan. Return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parents.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover, learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Yeah. So it was a good ball game. Macho. I know that everybody in Houston's gonna be, everybody in Texas is gonna be upset. A lot of people's gonna be upset because they think Houston got man. Honestly, honestly, if they, yeah, I know everybody in Houston watched the show. I know they watched the show yesterday And I told them yeah, I told 'em when to talk to Kmart. One thing you don't do, you don't bet against Florida now. Even, even though I didn't go to Florida. Listen, I am from the state of Florida, so I understood. Houston is one of the greatest cities. We talk about it all the time. One of the greatest cities of all time. You hear me now? When I look, when I listen, look, I, if you could, you can see me right? Alright. I'm, I'm, I saw I'm talking to you when I'm talking to you, but I know you're picking up what I'm putting down.


But when it come to basketball, I already knew. I already knew how the script was gonna play. I knew how I was gonna play out. That's why I made the bet. I bet Ocho Dan Hurley says he regrets his game, his post-game out, post-game outburst. Dan re Hurley reflected on the f-bombs directed to Baylor players about officiating, which was sparked by a call they didn't agree with during the contest. Hurley regrets how it all played out. That was embarrassing. I wish somebody could have stopped me. I gotta get somebody that I think that maybe could just walk under me off the court. Maybe like a, a college, college football. You weren't listening, you ain't gonna listen. Nobody. You, you went like, it's hard ocho when you in that moment And you feel like you just gotta get one of them off.


Oh, I, yeah, he knows it. He's a very, he's a, a very passionate coach. He's a two time champion. He's going for three beat something that hadn't been done since the wooden days in the late sixties, early seventies. But at that point in time, I'm not so sure he was so riled up and he, it, he genuinely believes that that call popped. Right. Listen, I this is what I don't like. Why are you apologizing for how you feel? Remember what I told you about telling the truth? There's certain times where you have to be politically correct And you just can't be yourself and actually explain how you really feel and be passionate about something. It's okay. Yeah. And I mean, as professional as he is, and Dan is, allow him to really express himself on how he truly feels instead of bite, instead of bite the bullet or bite the tongue.


It's to be it's okay to show us some time. It's okay. You don't have to be a political robot all the time and say everything. Right. It's okay to express how you feel for a change. It's Different. You don't wanna get that caught on camera. Oh, okay. Okay. You dealing with college, you dealing with college kids and the cameras are on you. You can't say, we got Ed And I hope you guys don't get Ed because that what just happened to us. You can't do that. Okay. You're right. Okay. Because you gotta realize you are the CEO of UConn. Right? Those, those, those those, the booth. Yeah. The, the the, what do they call him?


The president or chancellor, whatever the, whatever the provost, whatever they go by at said university. Do you Think, do you think they see something like that and be Like, You know what, we don't like that. Or You know what, that's what we need. That's what we need. Oh, we need, we need a coach with that kind of passion. That's step. We like your passion, but we un you understand that's what happened. Okay. That's why he apologizing. And he liked that seven, $8 million that he collect to you. Yes, sir. Don't, don't mess it. Money up. Yeah. I I Now when hey, when I get into the locker room, hey, cutting them cameras right man. They screw us. Everybody know They screwed us. Hey, I got you. I got you. I wasn't gonna use the word screw. I'm gonna use the word that he used.


Right. I Just, I just, we've all been in the locker Room. Oh, we owe Hey, hey. Cut those cameras off. Hey, when them, and then boom, boom. Hey, when them, when them cameras off, boy it's different. You hear me? Absolutely. It's Different when them cameras off. Of course. But I think the thing, I think he's right. Hey, let me give somebody that a, because when emotion is high, logic is low. You throw caution to the wind. We've all been there ojo, we get to a point. It ain't no turning back. Right. So what you need to do is have somebody before you get to said point, come on A come on OA come on coach. A I know we frustrated right now. A take it out on me being on me a why in the hell you call after?


Why in the hell you get such and such? Why didn't you tell me? You right coach on me. You gotta have somebody Like, You know, in a situation, you out with your lady, you gotta have a lady that's strong to say, baby, you ain't gonna mess up this money. Come on f them. Hey, hey, he ain't had no chance. So don't even worry about all that. I know where I'm going home. I know who I'm going home to get. No, I'm cool with that. I'm cool with it. So all that other stuff, when he talking, I mean I, I've had a situation where, You know, I'm talking to me and this dude I'm talking 'cause I know Right. But he got a part.


Okay. He, he been, he up there smiling. We at we can, we can at the lady that win. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold On. He was drunk. He Was drunk. Oh yes, but no, no, but I, but I'm saying I don't know him. I know the dude that he's with. Right. Him And I, I I've known him for long, long time. He was a couple years, he's a couple years younger than me. And so she brought it to my attention. She's like, Hey, I don't want you to say nothing, but I handled it. I said, what? Right, right. He say, your boy that you was with his partner kept looking at me winking and smiling, blowing kisses.


I walked up to him and told him I with him. And I think you, I think that's very, I say that's, that's very unprofessional. Right. I said, you don't do no stuff like that. Right. Hold on. Unc buddy must have been drunk or something. He wasn't drunk. He wasn't drunk, but so check this out. As he's get af after he was getting ready to leave, I dapped. Yeah. She he did it again. So I was about, oh, he did it. You know I Did it again. Yes. See that's, see that's why you need me with you sometime when you go places you get me. Nah, That's Why you need me with you, man. You need you enforcer with you. Man. That's slight. That's, that's not, listen, that's total disrespect. Not just to you but the her as well.


Because matter of fact, You know, After, after she, after she Already told him what time it is, she told him what the play was And you still trying to backdoor my dog like that man. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm, I'm, I'm, I, I, I, I, I brought it to, I brought it to the old boy attention. He like, man, I'm sorry that won't happen, blah, blah, blah. You know, I say cool. I say I ain't got no problem. I got bro. I said, me And you, I know you. Yeah. Me knowing And you, you cool. We always Yes sir. Cool. But I'm just, I'm just saying, everybody ain't gonna be like unc in a position that he got stuff to do. Right, right, right, right. Some situation she would've told it, but she told it in such a way Right.


As to diffuse the situation. Right. I, Yeah. Hey listen, not what I need. Only only time people do stuff like that. I'm telling you he had a little lick in his system. That's liquid courage. Being able to pull stuff up, pull stuff off like that when You know, You know, listen, that's my friend. Okay. He with somebody And you still sitting there winking and smiling. Yeah. Trying to catch somebody's attention, trying to see if she gonna play. You know? Alright. Bad. Okay Bro. I'm like, bro, I mean look, Ocho, we all done been around. Look, if you are a professional athlete, yeah. You done been around situation. Yeah. Well somebody got a bad lady. Yeah, somebody got a bad wife or she might not even be, I don't know what she is to him, but she's with him. So that for I look at it, she, Oh yeah.


Oh wait, always. I don't care what she is. She's his wife. We automatically know that one play. She's his significant other. You know that. Even if it's somebody, he just met y'all together. Okay, cool. And You know, we already know that. Remember the conversation Gillum had long time ago. Remember that episode? Yeah. You know, You know, You know as the NB NBA players, NFL players, you already know who's off limits. You know off limits. Now everybody else did the green. You Only get to save one Now. You can't say, you can't say, oh, this, I got a wife And I No, no, no, no, no, no, No. That don't work. That don't work. You get one get one, you get to put one up on the shelf. That and that's it. Everybody else, I don't care who it is.


It's a green light. Yes. I don't care if your wife, she your girl or you just met her, you got one. You get to keep going. That's it. It's like you, hey, hey. It's like you go to the store and your mom say, you pick one thing out. That's it. You can get a soda, you can get chips. You can get cookies. Yeah. Or you can get, But you can't get 'em all. You get one. You can't get 'em all. Okay. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's a rule. And it's been a rule like that for years. That's, it's nothing. There's nothing new. That one is always off limits. Now anything outside that, I don't care who it is. I don't care how long y'all been talking. I don't care how long you known each other, boy, there's a green light and nine times outta 10 in that circle with us.


She going, No, it was like uhuh. But I was like, bro. I was like, man, You know what? But it, it, it, it was rough out deal with yo, it was rough out


there. The Volume protect your end zone with the best clean pants down, dude. Wipes come in a variety of senses and sensation, like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with tp wetter just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your bee hole and make the trade of the season with switch. The dude wipes the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude, wipes, beds, clean pants down


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details, Some stands for so others might eat. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed.


I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover.


Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.