
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Now at Verizon, we are locking in low prices for three years, guaranteed on my plan. And you can get a single line for just $45 a month when you switch and bring your phone. That's our best price ever on unlimited welcome with autopay Plus taxes and fees guaranteed for three years because at Verizon we got you. Visit your local DC Verizon store today. $20 monthly promo credits applied over 36 months with a new line on unlimited welcome in times of congestion unlimited 5G and 4G LTE may be temporarily slower than other traffic. Domestic data roaming at two G speed price guarantee applies to then current base, monthly rate, additional terms and conditions apply.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The volume. Oh, Joe Mo, Mo Malone, Michael Boone called SGAA file artist says it's almost impossible to stop him. Malone noted that S G's ability to draw a file put defenders in a tough situation when they attempt to get physical with him. You gotta be ultra disciplined. It's almost impossible. A lot of times our offensive player like Shaa will initiate the contact, will hook his arm looking like draw to draw contact.


He's a foul artist. Hmm. And listen, that's a part of the game. That's A part of he really good with James Harden. Could do it. Dang, I was convers. Say James Tar was good at it. Kobe, Jordan, Joel, and be Mbbi Dwayne Wade when he played, remember DD Wade would Yeah. He'll pump you and get you to jump in the air and then jump into you. I mean, there, there are many players that are able to manipulate the game and use the rules to, to their advantage offensively. It's all about discipline, understanding who you're playing and being sound and tech and, and tech being technically sound on your end. When you playing defense on those said players. I mean, it's pretty easy. I'm, I'm I'm saying it's pretty easy. I'm just saying based, when you're playing on type of players like a SGA, you already know what, you already know what to do, right?


He's bigger than you think. He's more physical than you think. Yep. He's got a mid, he's not really reliant on any particular, pretty particular shot. You. Yeah, he has three point range, but he's not gonna live and die by it. He can get to the, he can get to the mid range. A lot of times he's not already trying to get to the basket, he's just trying to create separation. Now when he tries to go to the basket, yeah, he's trying to initiate contract attack. Either get a foul or get an A and one. But hey, they're calling it and plus he's small man. How many shot foul shots you think a game Shaq should have shot? Whoa. 20. Easily. Easily. I mean, peoples getting, having two and three centers, three and four centers on their team because he knows that he was gonna file two of 'em out.


So we got 24 files tonight, guys, let's use 'em up. Tyrese. Halliburton admitted his limited role on the US team in the 2024 summer Olympics impacted him more than he initially led on. Halle called it an ego check when recalling the fact that he helped that he played only 26 total minutes in Paris, which is the fewest of any player on team USA in reference to the jokes being made about the lack of participation on social media. Halliburton remember thinking, I'm getting clown, how do I respond? Halliburton's first instinct was to play along. He is like made humorous posts on Twitter about winning a gold medal despite not contributing to the group project. However, Halliburton said deep down, he was motivated to prove his detractors wrong.


Saying when the season starts, I'm like, I'm going to, I'm I'm going to go now. I'm going to get y'all back. I'm going to get at y'all. Excuse me. I like, and He doing just that Coach y'all. I try to tell people and people just want, oh no. Right. Raider the person is the bigger his ego is. Yeah. You talking about a guy that's in the NBA, he's been an all star and you said, oh, he should just be happy. I mean no, even though Jason Tatum said, Hey, I was blah, blah, blah. Can you imagine Jason Tatum is more accomplished than Tyree Halliburton? Yeah. At the time he was a three time first team all NBA selection. Yeah. He had gone to the NBA champ.


He'd gone to the NB finals twice. He had won one. He was an instant conference finals. MVP. And he's not like true holiday is playing in front of him. Derek White is playing in front of him. Yeah. And y'all, I'm just telling him how, how the human doubt how to someone that's, you and I have both been successful. Yeah, yeah. At a, at a particular sport. We're successful in this. Competitive, we're competitive. Absolutely. And it's one thing because I can't control it O Joe. I mean okay, if we go to, if we go let, let's just say we gonna, they gonna line up like 10 podcasts, whoever, all this, everybody, 10 podcasts.


Okay, we gonna go show ocho, we gonna get to do our thing. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Nightcap y'all hold on, hold on. Y'all gonna go tomorrow? Shit. Okay. Ocho Okay. Ocho. Ocho. That's o ocho. We good? We good. Guess what? Tomorrow? This is what we gonna do. Ocho. Yeah. Tomorrow come, nah, nah, nah, nah. Y'all going Thursday now, now Ocho after I do this right here, I gotta sit up in my Yeah. Wait a damn minute now. Yeah. What you mean? We not, we not, we not going, you let everybody out go, why we, why did I come, why did I sign on for this?


I brought my team over here. And you mean to tell me we not gonna get to do a podcast? Oh, I tell you what, we'll let y'all do fellow cinco and dunk on unc and that's it, man. Y'all keep this issue. Y'all keeping a stack with you. Yeah. So that's how, that's how they feel. So you're talking about a guy and I, I understand, I understand K like I said, the only three guys that didn't have to, didn't have to, to go and make the team was Steph, KD and LeBron. Because many believed this was gonna be their final Olympics. Now who knows what's gonna happen in three years?


Steph could be playing at a extremely high level and wants to go again. Kevin Durant, Mike wants to try to go get what, what did he got? Four, four gold medals might go try to go get five five. So he might try to get five. We don't know. But those guys were like, okay, ushering those guy. Now we got a new generation. The Jason Tatum, the man Edwards, X, Y, and Z. Right? So I I under, I totally understand Tyree Halley's frustration. Yeah. I I'm, I I'm glad, Hey, I remember my first pro, my first Pro Bowl ocho. I, I'm happy. I'm just happy to be there Ocho man, You know, Hey, I like, damn, look at that Marino, Jim Kelly, Warren Moon. I'm like, Damn, okay.


I see Bruce Smith and, and Junior say, and I got oh, dt. And like, oh damn, look At this. Woo woo woo. I was like, ah, yeah, I'm just happy to be there. Oh yeah. Now and my happiness to be there. Y'all ain't gonna throw me no damn balls up over here, Man. I, oh, yo, I did not come on the way. I'm trying to think. It wasn't that far because I was already, I was already on the West Coast, don't you? Because that year, the Super Bowl, the Super Bowl was in Pasadena, right. Because the Cowboys beat the bills. So I was already on the West Coast, so it's a five hour flight now.


I really felt some type of way I had to bring my ass from the East coast, which is a four plus hour flight to get my black ass to California and then get on the, and fly on over there. 'cause at the time, I don't think Atlanta had that direct flight. Atlanta got a direct flight. Now I think it's a little over 10 hours to go direct, go directly to a a, a Hawaii. Hallelujah. Yeah. So I was like, damn, I came all this way and that day gonna be not what ball. Hey, but y'all talking about, hey, special teams, I let him run it back. I might be, Hey, hey Ojo, they I'll be blocking for him yelling.


Y'all better, y'all better. Y'all better throw me a pass. Nah, you gotta tackle him. I'll be blocking. Hey bro, shout out, man. Man, come on Joe. So I, I, I get guys' frustration. I know the ultimate goal is, is, and it is like, like, like, You know, like he said, a science project where he got an A and he didn't participate. Right. But, You know, he's make lot, making a lot of a situation. Sometimes you gotta laugh to stop from crying, don't you? Yeah, Yeah. And You know, like I said, and, and, and I appreciate that and I think Jason Tatum, if, if he's, if Halle is feeling that way, right? I believe Jason Tatum is doubly upset. Yeah, Absolutely. Doubly Halle, Halle, Halliburton had the chance to get the last laugh now.


Yeah. He got the chance, the last laugh. So I'm sure he's having, he's having a ball right now, especially right now where, where he is and where they are as the team collectively and, and how he's doing himself. Right. Boy, if they make them damn finals. Yeah. I, and, and I think, I think he's like, man, y'all can't find y'all can because what, how many games they play, five games, how many games they play in the Olympics? He said, man, I ain't got but 26 minutes, I'm playing less than six minutes a game. And it is not like they long minutes, there might be two minutes here, there might be 30 seconds there. Yeah. They got me coming. Hey, they got me coming in doing mop up duty In and out, In and out.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's tough. That's tough because that's, I mean, you gotta think about it. I mean, he's been a starter his whole year, so it's already different for him coming off the bench. Yeah. And then Now he's like, okay, y'all got six games. So he played six games. He played, he played less than five minutes a game. But then also, You know, you have to understand the people that you're surrounding yourself by the people that Yeah. That, that you're you that are playing in front of you. So Right. You might question yourself and then you, it is hard to question yourself when you understand, okay, look who's on the goddamn floor in front of me. There's only so much can I, can I really complain? Yeah. He said, hold on. He say, man, y'all got holiday player more minutes than me. But Holiday played his role holiday as a defensive stopper.


He the player, Derrick White, he the defensive guy. And you saw book, book say, Hey, I'll go, I'll play whatever they need. Y'all need me to just play defense. Because once Kobe set that template, Kobe say, Hey, LeBron Melo, y'all do what y'all do. I got defense Right Now. You see everybody throw that up. Hey man, Kobe came over and Kobe wasn't tried to score no part. Kobe played defense. And man said, well, I don't see no Kobe on this court, So I'm gonna need that rock. I would need, I will need the scoring some, but I get it. Look, it's, it's an a, it's a huge honor to go represent your country to win that gold medal to be on that podium with two other, with two other teams.


I think it was, who was it? Serbia was the other team in France, right? On that thing. France got the silver and I think Serbia, Yoki team got the, got the bronze medal. And to hear that star span, hear your, your national anthem being played, and that is a huge honor. There's no greater than playing for your country. You are also rep you representing your country, but you're representing yourself, you're representing your family. I'm sure all those guys had parents and sisters and brothers over there that was watching and, and to be in the Olympics. 'cause I'm sure everybody has watched the Olympics from the beginning of time. I remember, I think the, the first Olympics that I can remember, I vaguely remember Montreal in 76.


Yeah. You know, in 80, we boycotted the Soviet games because of the, the invasion, the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. They replayed returned the favor in 84 when they were in la. And then, but 84 is the Olympics that I vividly, vividly remember. I'm in high school, obviously in then 88 during Seoul, 92. I'm in the league as a matter of fact, Ocho that was my first holdout year. Yeah. So I'm like, Hey, I told my age, say hold, hey, hold up. I say the Olympics, the Olympics about to start. Let's go like halfway through the Olympics. Let me see this, see these races, let me see some of these races. Yeah. Like live for Christ, you won a hundred meters that year.


But anyway, but that's a huge accomplishment, don't you? Yeah. I mean absolutely. To, to go and, and to see all those other countries and, and to be at the, the venues and You know, the guys going to check out the swimming and they go into and see track and field. I can just imagine, yeah. If you played in the Olympics and you got an opportunity to see Usain Boat run, or you got an opportunity to see Michael Phelps swim, or you get an opportunity to see Simone Biles do a whatever, a biles that moves that. Well, she got so many moves named after, I guess now, You know, you gotta, you go, you look for Katie Ledecky because she's the, the great American swimmer, right? Andrew Marshawn, the Frenchman, You know, you might wanna watch him, but he's from another country.


But to see Usain and to see Michael Phelps and to see some of these greats, that's what I'd be wanting to do. Yeah. Hey, get off your feet. I'm gonna be, I'm be on my feet. I'm going to watch everybody else. I'm going to watch. Yes. Everybody else, yes, me but me. Ocho You know what I like, I'm gonna go watch, I'm gonna go watch wrestling. I like weightlifting. Right. I'm gonna go watch sports like that. Yeah. I, I, yes, I would love to see the swimming and stuff, but I, I'm, but the weightlifting and the wrestling count your boy. And that's where I'm gonna be. That's, that's where I'm gonna be. But the, but the, the, the, I I, I'm glad Halliburton said that because a lot of times don't your people think because you make a lot of money, you should have. So money goes away with all your feelings.


No, all your emotions. You're devoid of those now, hurt, anger, frustration, anxiety. You man, you make 200 million, you make 300 million. You are supposed to be devoid of those now. Yeah, yeah. All you do is have money to throw at things, to make things better. You get better insurance, you got platinum insurance and you got money to try to solve and resolve or fix problems. Right. But it doesn't make you exempt from problems. Yeah, absolutely. Because guess what, if that was the case, there are all the people that got that money, they still be here. They'd be 3, 4, 5, 6, 700 years old. They'd be older than meth. So clearly money does not absolve you from things that happen to people in society.


You might have a better mechanism in order to deal with it as far as therapists and people to talk to do and do certain things on your, but money does not absolve you from problems that Im impact people that doesn't have money. And I think people need to understand that. People think money bad. I, I don't What problems? I Don't think, I don't think they, they, they would never, never understand it because of the amount of money that athletes make today. They feel if they were in that position, they would have no problems because there they would, right now is the money. That's it. They feel that money will cure everything. They, they feel it will cure everything. And it, it just doesn't, especially for athletes that have issues, like not getting the minutes you wanna play and having to joke about it at the goddamn Olympics.


Well, how could you be upset if so and so, Bro, you got 200 million. Yeah, bro, because I have emotions, I'm not a robot, therefore, I'm, I I haven't been programmed not to have, not to feel anger, not to feel frustration, not to be upset. Not to be disappointed. Right. I'm not programmed. I, I'm, I'm a human being. I have a mind, I have a heart and things upset people. Things cause people to get angry or frustrated. You get your heart broken. It happens. So I'm glad Halle had shared those comments and I, and he's playing extremely well. You, you're definitely proven it.


All those people that thought you were overrated, keep it going.


Welcome to it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas driver economy ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures. The US produces 13 million barrels of crude oil every day, enough to fill 800 Olympic swimming pools. But what is that oil used for? The gas we put in our cars is just the beginning. Nearly 50% of each barrel is refined into gasoline. Another 34% is refined into fuels like diesel and jet fuel. And the rest is used to make more than 96% of our everyday essentials. Like the tennis shoes you wear, the cell phone you rely on, and medicines that help save lives. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our modern lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit it takes energy.com.


I am Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Browns crowded quarterback room O Joe could make for some awkward moments, but that's not been the case according to Shado Sanders. Shado said the vibe in the QB room is positive. Everybody's cool outside the room. People try to pit us against each other, but inside the room we know we're one. We're all different characters. It's funny going in there, seeing Joe every day. It's fun to see him because I like, wow, I really mean Joe Flaco right now we're on the same team. Then of course, Kenny, the experience he's been in the league with these two is cool. And to see the process of it. And Deshaun, of course, he's active in there and he is all in the meeting. So it's cool talking to him. Why? So yes, only one quarterback can play.


We understand that. So, because only one quarterback, this isn't Hunger Games, You know, You know, I mean, I, I think that, You know, people think so, I think sometimes don't your people try to pitch like it's a hunger games, right? Like you could have only one winner. Yes. There's only gonna be one guy that's gonna be able to play at a time. But I'm not trying to sabotage it. I'm gonna go in there. Hopefully he can park impart some wisdom. Joe Flaco been in this thing a very, very long time. What is this year? 17, 18 for Joe Sus bowl winning quarterback at that. Yeah. Gotta be at least 17, I think 2009 was a rookie year two.


Okay, so this year, so this is your 17th, 18. Okay. Yeah. So, hey. Oh, I, hopefully I can get something from Joe Kenny Pickett's been in the league for a while. I don't know if I'm gonna get too much from him, but, You know. Hey, let's, let's, let's see how it go. But hey, so what, so, so what is I, I'm just trying to figure out what it, what it's supposed to be. I understand Ocho, when you in, when you were in the wide receiver room, Yeah. I mean y'all didn't, it wasn't a whole bunch of three wides, it was two wide receivers. Yeah. Everybody wanted to play. I'm not trying to sabotage anybody so I can play in front of them. If you beat me out for the job, ain't gonna happen. But wish you the best. Yeah, most definitely.


And we, we know, we know what the ping order's gonna be. We know what the ping order's gonna be based on what we saw from rookie at rookie camp. After they got, after they got drafted. Listen, the eye test, it doesn't lie. And based on eye test, when you've seen the quarterbacks that came in their rookie year, you already know who's the best you. You already know who it is. So Flaco iss gonna be the starter at some point. If Flaco iss not playing well, Shado, Sandis will, Shado Sanders will step in and be the quarterback in the future. Yeah. That's just how it's gonna know. It's, it's how it always plays out every single time. Just not in this situation, in any situation. Maybe there, this one is a, a little bit is a little different because it is Rio, the fifth round pick.


He's very, very well known and his last name is Sanders. But these things like this happen all the time and all plays out the same way. Kareem always rises to the top. It never settles on the bottom. And if Ur is what he believes he is and his supporters believe he is, when the opportunity presents himself, he'll get in there and he won't look back. Same thing would happen with Tom Brady. Tom Brady came into the sixth round draft pick. He really, he didn't play his rookie year. And he was sitting on the bench start of his sophomore year. Guy gets hurt, he goes in and he doesn't look back. Lou Gehrig was not starting at first base. Wally Pip was.


And one day he had a headache. And guess what Ocho he never got back on first base again, unless he was dh. And I don't think they had the DH back then. So yeah, it happens. It is just when you opportunity, when the opportunity presents itself, that's what luck is. You know what luck is when preparation meets opportunity. The opportunity. Yeah. Yeah. If you are prepared, when the opportunity presents itself, doesn't matter whether it's in sports, whether it's in media, You know, people ask undisputed, well, how are you bro? I was just waiting for that opportunity. I was prepared, I was prepared a lifetime.


Yeah. My knowledge of studying and, and going over stuff and watching sports very intently. You hear cornbread say, man, damn, look how you breaking the game down? I wouldn't Think you breaking down like that. You don't like a fan, right? Yeah. But when you watch and you study knowing that an opportunity gonna present itself because see, You know, people don't plan to fail. They fail to plan. Right. So all I'm doing is hoarding information, studying I'll be doing, it's gonna come, it's gonna happen. And when it does be ready, we put this together, man, I think I, I could, I could do my own thing. I could do this. I just need somebody to do, to bounce. Hey, that entertaining can bounce stuff off of.


Don't You know what you think about this man, you gonna do it? I wanna do it too. Yeah. Jesus, Let's do it. But the opportunity, a lot of times people get opportunity. Ah, man, they, they messed over me. No, you weren't prepared. You wasn't ready. You weren't ready. So, hey, now you gotta don't, when when things don't happen, don't blame somebody else. Yeah. I I I hate that. What could you have done differently? Yeah. What could you have done better? And You know, You know what I also hate, huh? Is when people know a situation, people know a situation is bad and they always find an excuse instead of doing what they need to do, instead of doing what's necessary, the fix said situation, but blame everything else going on around her.


I thought that that irk me, that I, That because it's easy to blame someone else than to blame yourself. Because if I were to put that on me ocho that means that something about me is wrong. Right? Yeah. Who wants to admit that there's something wrong with them? Yeah. Accountability. Yeah. I'd be the first to raise my hand in situations. A I put Shannon, Shannon done this. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm big, I'm big on accountability. Same. If I fuck up, I'm, You got to own. You have to own up to it. You have to. That's the only way to, and, and look it happens. Don't beat yourself up about it too much. Hey, you gonna go through those emotions like, damn, really?


But then, hey, pick yourself up. God is good and good and and bad. He's still God and good and and bad. So we gonna see what should do. IIII just want him to get in there and when he gets his opportunity, take the most of it. O Joe. A lot has been made about Sam La Porto's decreased production in the sophomore season with the lambs. La Porta was targeted 120 times in 2023 and just 83 times in 2024. What they expect? That's 30, that's 37 fuel targets. What they, what they expect? Uncle, you got Jameson Williams, you got a St. Brown, you got Jamir Gibbs, you got damn Montgomery in the backfield.


Well obviously you mean so, And you got the guy, what was the guy that came from came from Denver? I forget his name. He played, yeah. So we saw his receiving yards and touchdown told us, saw a dip purport defending himself against credit today using too many miles to feed in this argument. Oh, there we go. I felt like said it. I stepped Yes, you Said it. I mean you could see that from a mile away. Well, that's Expected. So if, so I look when you got alman Ralph side brown catching over behind. So how many people you think they can, they can throw, they can catch a hunter paws. You put a lot of, I mean yeah, Kelsey's numbers are down, but obviously you see other people numbers tick up.


That's just the way it works. Yeah. I mean, so you want Mond Ross St. Brown. I mean he, how many kids did he have? Like 1 10, 1 15. Okay, he gets one 15 Now you want Laport to have what? One 10? Let's just say you want him to have 90. Okay. How many James Williams get? How many you gonna throw the Gibbs outta the backfield? I feel like I was still very Polish receiver in the past game, but I keep hearing comments maybe like this off season. He is like, why do you get the ball as much? It's like, dude, we score the most points of any team in the NFL in the last five years. Like, everybody deserves the ball. And I agree. I think I deserve the ball still, but I'm very pleased with high. I blocked last year in the run game.


See, you see how they try to pitch you against your teammates? Yeah. Why you didn't get the ball. So that means if I, yeah, I should, yeah. They should be throwing me the ball. Yeah, I understand he had this, but they need to get me the rock. You see. I, they try to do that. Don't you Always Winning ain't enough. I I, I feel bad for you guys 'cause it seems like me. Some of y'all had them on y'all fantasy team. That's probably what it was. Right down. That's What it seemed like to me. I might've been not getting the ball worried about that goddamn fantasy. You know what The fantasy or their parlay, but the fantasy and parlay though, Joe. Everybody. Damn my, you messed my parlay up. Yeah. Well I don't know what to tell you.


I ain't messed my game up, up. We won. That's all I, that's all I really care about. All that other stuff. And if y'all gonna break me off, so when y'all break me up, when I scored three touchdowns and have a hundred yards, y'all say, Hey man, man you won my fantasy for me today. You won my parlor. Let me break you off something. Send me a little check. Yeah. All you do is say a man, I remember that time you won me my fantasy league. Okay, let me get something then. Oh man, you, you won. Yeah. Yeah. You told me that's what I did. Yes. Right. Chicago Bears head coach Ben Johnson is already tweaking. Caleb Williams mechanic issues. The second year quarterback has adjusted his stance. And is Keith his left foot forward before the snap?


Ben Johnson said, I've done it a number of ways in my time in the league and really over the last few years, I kind of gravitated towards that. It's something that I feel pretty strongly about. He and I talked about it, the reason why we want to do it. I think it helps out certainly with the quick game from the gun. And it helps us being a little bit better of throwing a posture for like a lot of other things that we're asking him to do. Ojo, do you like this? And do you expect big things from Caleb Williams in 2025? I absolutely do expect big things from Caleb. Caleb Williams. Understanding how good he is already. Tremendous, tremendous athleticism. He has a very strong arm and he's a dual threat quarterback with the addition of Ben Johnson and the creativity that he's able to bring to that offense.


And, but what Caleb can do, I think it's gonna be that much better for them offensively. I'm excited, I'm excited for him. The the little twists and nuances that, that he's, that he's changing in, in Caleb's game is really interesting. Probably allowing Caleb to get to it, get to it drops a little faster. Being able to process information a little faster. Yes. Especially in the quick game. And I think it, it is gonna help him in the long run. People that might not like Katie Williams for personal reasons based on what he liked to do and enjoy off the field, I think No, I think, I think it's because of what he said how, and his dad said they didn't want to go to Chicago. I think people are still holding that against him. Yeah, well that, that just came out before they even came out.


Just some of the things he did when was, and some of the, You know, the painting the nails all they, they, they, I mean let's just personal stuff like that outside of what just came out. I think they gonna be all right. I think they're gonna be all right simply because of not only the supporting Cass he has around him, but getting a coach, a winning coach like Ben Johnson. There's gonna, is gonna to do wonders for him. Yeah. If it's gonna help us win more games, hell, I'll pay for it to get a painted, I'll pay for it to get a manicure. Right. All I'm trying to do is win games. I don't, and I don't care about what somebody else do. They ain't got nothing to do with me. Ocho Right. Him painting his nail, painting his toenails. Yeah. He want to dye his hair. Pink, green, blue, have a blonde dress. I don't give a d give you a football player.


You the quarterback of this team. Yeah. Distribute the football. That's it. That's all you'll have. More positive and negative and we good. All that other stuff, man. I, I'm telling you guys, don't care guys wanna win. So what's somebody do in their spare time that's On them? Man, that ain't my hands. Why care? You Right. Hey, just be a good teammate. That's it. Let's come in here. Hey, it Work Where you from? What you did. Okay. That's why it's so hard to win a championship in football because you got so many guys from so many different backgrounds and you asking 'em to do one thing, come together and make a fabulous dish.


That's that's what you're asking. But I think Caleb, I think Caleb is gonna be do really well. They revamped his offensive line. They signed Joe thy they got the guy from, they got a guy for the center from the Falcons. I think they got a offensive lineman from the re the Chargers. They've done a great job. You know, Rome dos DJ Moore, they got a, the tight end drafted him first in the first round from Michigan pairing with Cole ett. They got a nice running game. Think defensive. They're gonna be, they're gonna be good offensively. They're gonna be much better. So with the being much better, I think, You know, you take some of the pressure off the defense and the best what sometimes the best way to, to help a defense that's not very good is to keep their ass off the field.


The offense. You stay on the field for an extended period of time. We don't let them get on the field because bad things happen when they get on the field. But I think Caleb Williams is gonna be really, really good this year. Yeah. I Think Ben Johnson, go ahead. OI I'm getting ready to say he's gonna take a huge leap. He won. I think so Too. Take huge leap. It gonna surprise a lot of people every year. There's always a team. And to me, I think the Bears might be that team every year. The same teams are always a contention. Always a contention. I understanding the division, they playing Packers. You know, I, I understand that Packers, lions. Lions and the bikes. I, I, I understand that, but I think they're going to be that team that takes that leap this year. That surprises everybody.


I think the Fame gives ocho, they're gonna have to in order for them to make the playoffs. You got the Lions, you got the Packers, you got the bikes, the Lions what lost what? One game? Maybe two games. The VI has lost what? Two games? Maybe three games. The Packers were 10 and seven. Right? So you are looking to probably have to go 10 and seven, 11 and six just to make the playoffs. Mm. The Lions might take a step back, but from the offensive play call situation, but I think they're gonna be just as good. Are they 15? Are they gonna be 15 and two? Maybe not, maybe not. But it's hard for see them stepping off a cliff and all of a sudden they win 15 games and drop down to 10.


I think they get some of those guys on the defensive side back healthy offensively. They still gonna be able to put up points. Yeah. Jamir Gibbs is special. Armon Ross, St. Brown, Jameson Williams, fortune Got Brian that Brian Branch squad, hey, he's the real deal. They got Joe Joseph at, like I said, they just need to get 'em some of those guys that was injured last year. Get those guys back, back healthy. Yeah. Get those guys back healthy. Playing Huson coming back. Hutchinson, I just read, I think he's, he's been cleared. He's the full goal now. I think the big d Tackler McNeil, I think he got injured.


He should be able to go. One of the linebackers got injured. He should be able to go, You know, they had a lot of guys on Engine Reserve last year. You know, we are not gonna make any excuse to give Washington credit. Washington winning there took it to him. They scored, they did a great job of taking the ball away from Jerry Golf. The one thing that, You know, we know about golf, he has the ability to throw you five touchdown, but he can throw five interceptors too. And You know, he had, he picked the worst time to have probably his worst game, his second worst game of the season. Yeah. Now the worst game was one he had in Houston. He threw five picks and they still won the game. Yeah. But this one, those turnovers, they didn't win the game. They, And so Yeah, but I, I, I definitely think Caleb Williams was gonna have to take a huge step forward.


I think he's gonna take a huge step forward. You talk about a guy that have great improvisational skill arm, arm slot in which he could throw the ball from the three quarters the side to over the top and get the ball that quick. And I, You know, he's changing his motion. 'cause sometimes we just wanna, Hey, hey, just up and throw the football. Yeah. Basically get a grip and let it grip. Nice. So I, I'm, I'm anxious to see, I, I want him to do extremely well. I don't have a problem with what his dad did. His dad tried to put him in the best situation possible. He didn't think Chicago was the best situation possible. But I think Caleb realized that's been a great situation. He had a great offensive mind coming in. A great head coach that's gonna be working lockstep with him.


He can't, he can't ask for anything more than that. Ocho just an opportunity to get coached, coached really, really well. Good, really good players around him. Now you just go do your job. I believe that's what he's gonna do. I believe. I absolutely believe that's what he's gonna do. You don't have the kind of production that he had at USC and you saw the flashes. Oh yeah. You saw the flashes last year of what he can be. As a matter of fact, on Thanksgiving they was down real bad, real bad. Now, You know, situation, there was some miscommunication about do we spike the ball or they let a lot of time run off it and stuff like that. And he end up getting sacked.


But a lot of stuff that you chalk up as a rookie and, but I don't Think you see, I don't think we see those same mistakes this year. I'm excited to see what, what the future holds for this young man. Because I think he can be special. He's gonna have to be, because look at the quarterbacks in that division. Look at the teams in that division. Yeah. And I'm sure Barry fans like, shh man, I wanna make the playoffs. I I I want a chance to compete for a Super Bowl. And I believe he gives them the opportunity. We'll see what they're gonna be overall as a team. Especially when it comes to the defense side. Because we see the improvement from a head coach standpoint, from the offensive line, what they've redone re redone that now it's gonna come down to defensively.


Are they gonna be able to stop people? They got some good players back there. So I'm anxious to see what the bears can do on this one. That's gonna be a a a bears Bears gonna eat. I think they're gonna surprise some people. Ocho I think they're gonna put some points on the board. Yeah. I think they're gonna really surprise some people. Perfect. Which of these teams will break their long awaited? First Super Bowl win Cardinals. It's been 78 years. They last played in the 19 78, 47, no, 1947 NFL championship number two, the Lions 68 years, 1957 Viking. 64 years.


They joined the NFL in 1961. The Browns 60 years, 1964 NFL Championship Falcons, 59 years. They joined the NFL in 1966. Their first overall draft pick number one, the man in the middle, Tommy Nobu Buffalo Bills 59 years. They joined the NFL in 1966. The Chargers 59 years they joined 1966 A FL No, they came in a FL started in 1960, if I'm not mistaken. Tennessee Titans, 59 years. They joined 1966, the Bengals joined the NFL 1968 Mm Jets 56 years.


Super Bowl iii, 1969 of those teams. Ocho who's getting that championship this year? I mean, I mean, oh, this year. I don't know. I mean, in the coming years, the the closest two teams that everybody that you named that actually have a chance, a realistic chance at winning the championship are the bills in the bangles, honestly. And it's simply because of the quarterbacks at the hel. I mean, if we, we being honest, everybody that you just ran down, they had their best chance win a championship at some point in the next five to seven years. Everyone else, it's very, very, Yeah. Tennessee. Tennessee, y'all ain't gonna get nothing.


Jets F Brown, ooh, Nah, no. That Cardinals, no. And, and this is no disrespect to those teams, but I'm saying the, the makeup, the makeup and, and it's just, it's not happening. The bills, I can see it, the Bengals, I can see it. You know, there's certain things we, I mean obviously the Bengals need to do starting early, starting fast earlier in the season if they could, they've already been to a Super Bowl. They just didn't God damn winning. So they can damn sure get back. The bills are right there. They're on the cusp of being there. So as long as, as long as Josh Allen is there, they will be back again And contenting every goddamn year.


The market's uncertain, revenue's tied in hiring on hold. That's why results-driven companies are using Upwork to keep work moving. Go to upwork.com today and start hiring proven freelance talent fast, no bulky overhead, no rigid long-term contracts. Just the right expert, right when you need them. Work smarter and faster with Upwork. Go to upwork.com now and find your freelance expert. That's up WOR k.com. Post a job for free and get started today.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Bunch to report surfaced today of Joe Milton dazzling in Cowboys practice. Joe Milton freak his talents reportedly left his new teammate, coaches stunned despite notepads at recent cowboys practices. One NFL Scout reportedly believes Milton has the most live arm of any nf of any quarterback in the NFL and has a chance to flourish in the Cowboys QB room. Brian Schottenheimer is reportedly all in on Milton and believes the sky's the limit for Milton in the league. Since joining the Cowboys, Milton has reportedly been the hardest worker being the first one in the building. And one of the last ones out on multiple occasions, Milton has reportedly already made some eye-opening throws, eye-opening plays, excuse me.


Including, including an incredible throws and 20 yard scramble. O Joe is Jerry Putney reports out. Is is he the one that just got his back tattoo, just went under the anesthesia and got this tattoo? Hey, I think he just got a tattoo. It's a few players that did it too. This off season. It's a few of them. I think he just got a back tattoo of size. He got some kind of torso. Yeah. Ooh, that I'm hurt. Ooh, I'm hurting thinking about that. Ocho, thank you. Hey, hey, listen, even Jerry is putting these reports out and these reports mean nothing, You know, going to against yourself and helmets and shorts, nothing. Having a live arm is, is, is a good attribute to have, but it's so much more to play in the quarterback position.


You know, I, I like, I I like him and, and general, but there's, there's so much more to the game itself outside of what they're seeing in shorts and helmets to, to be a quarterback is stressing playing the pressure situation. If you're the starter for that goddamn team that wear the star on his helmet. So I mean, they need to slow down a little bit, but with, with the reports and the, the, the excitement and the flashes of, of what you're seeing against yourselves because it, it, it means nothing when those bullets are firing for real on a Sunday at one o'clock. I mean, he showed, where was he at last year? Wasn't he in, where was he? New England and he showed some flashes.


Ocho yeah. Running around throwing the ball on the move. And I think he is gonna have some better offensive talent. Now, I'm not saying he gonna beat Dak out. He ain't beating Dak out. You got got $60 million, you're not finna put a $60 million. I don't care if Joe Milk could look like Patrick Mahomes in his second year, his second year in N NFL where he threw it 55 5,000 yards and 50 touchdown. You ain't putting no $60 million quarterback on the, so maybe that gives Jerry calls to pause or maybe extending, but I don't see a scenario where Milton, Milton beat beat d out.


What? Yeah, that was funny. All o Joe, we gonna get you here on this one. Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and eight. Nick Gelso cornbread. Maxwell equals MVP. Yes. The number 12 pick outta UNC Charlotte 1981 finals MVP when they beat the, they beat the Houston Rockets fortitude. Danny Littlejohn. Unc Stephen a Spike Lee are losing their mind. They are, they are, they are, they are. I know spike's Sick.


Stephen a's sick. Spike just sicker. Hey, IIII hope, I hope that they can do something. I'm not sure what they can do. Many, They gotta get game three is an absolute must. Don Joe. Yeah. Strange strain. Game three is an absolute must. Gold standard says Jordan is the goat and UNC knows it. Jordan, the only goat Jordan didn't have to say he was the goat, it was just a fact. But Nongo LeBron and his Smith simp say LeBron is the goat. I mean, first of all, people declared Jordan the goat when he had no rings. Mm. Go back and look at when they looked at Sports Illustrated, when they said this is the greatest basketball player ever.


He had no rings. He had never even been to an NBA finals. So what made him to go Battle play Aura mannerisms. The way he carried himself. He had no championships. I thought you said you can be great without winning championships, but in order to be the greatest test, EFT on the end of great, you needed to have championships. He had none. So tell me, when they put that on Sports Illustrated, what made him the goat over Kareem, right? What made him the goat over magic who at the time had five championships? Five and had three finals MVPs along with three regular season MVPs along with mi.


Oh, Larry Bird, who in 84, 85, 86. He's the last guy to win three consecutive MVPs who had two finals MVPs. What made Michael Jordan at the time when they said said he was the goat? The goat over a guy that had six rings, six MVPs, two finals MVPs. He was a four time scoring champ. A six time rebound. The rebound champ block shot champ. And I guess what Ocho he had been a 19 all-star games, right? He was 11 time all defensive player. A 50 what? 15 times all NBA selection. So I'm just trying to figure out how did we come to that conclusion, right?


I I i you cannot, you can say you if you wanna say Jordan now, but they declared him to gold when he didn't have any championships. So once you declare somebody something, how do you take it away from them? Even ocho, even if I'm a doctor, you take my medical license, I might not be able to practice, but I'm still a doctor. You take my law license, I might not be able to practice, but I'm still a lawyer. You bestowed the title upon him and he didn't have anything to back it up. So how do you take that away from him now that he has what he has Ocho you can't. So he is said this and this and never ending discussion.


Not never ending. Appreciate that gold standard Ron to go. JJ said, why don't the star players guard each other? They used to, but now not, not always Jordan too luck sometimes took it upon himself. But if you go back and look, a lot of times Scotty guarded the opposing team's best player. Especially if it was a wing point guard, shooting guard, small forward. Kobe was like that. A challenge sometimes. But you wanted to save that guy for the offensive end. You didn't want him spinning all his energy trying to defend.


Right. You go back, You know, magic Johnson wasn't guarding Michael Jordan. He wasn't your guard. Clyde Drexler. You try to give him somebody that that's not gonna call them to exert a lot. Right? Just the way it is. Asante. Carlock. So it's okay for Caleb, but not Purdy to have a cast, bro. Did you listen to what we said last night? Did you listen? Yeah, but what I said let's not, let's not do that because everybody have star players, players. All I said is that I don't see a situation where he elevates not taking anything away from Purdy. Purdy just earned everything that he's getting. But see, you don't listen And you, I I appreciate the question Deante, but listen, listen.


Yeah, it's okay for him to have, but did anybody say Caleb was a top 10 quarterback? Okay, you checking Camp Norwood Junior. My question, who you take and a rap battle? Lil Wayne or Drake for 5,200 from Ocho? Wayne. Wayne. And what can I ask? Was that even a question? Who asked? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if I'm taking anybody over Wayne Prime. Wayne, I don't know if I'm taking anybody.


I don't. That boy got when he was, It'd been some great one. You talk about, you talk about Nas. You talking about m you talking about Ho? Yeah, I mean Lyricists. You wanna say lyricist? KRS One Big Daddy Kane taking movie f Baby Pac, biggie. It's matter of preference, matter of choice. I, like I said, I'm a little older than you guys, so I remember listening to KS one, I remember listening to Big Daddy Ka. It all depends but Ocho with o be 10,400 if he test Drake and I like Drake, Nick Mars, this money thing has gotta be, gotta be out by now.


Even if Ocho had Bezos money, he wouldn't pay. Yeah, yeah. You, you right. I I I I'm starting to get, I'm starting to get the feeling. Well Ocho ain't gonna run me my money, man. Run my man. You know this is me man. You know how black folk care. We, we don't do nothing on time. I'm gonna get it to you. I'm I'm, I'm definitely gonna get it to you. Okay? Yeah, ain't no problem. Ain't no issue. I might have to say, You know who over there to collect my money. So when she come, when she come over there to brag, to drop the, drop the jerseys off? Yeah. Exchange jerseys 5,200 in my pocket.


Can we do that? He was swap Ain't no swindle. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta check, I gotta check with the Mrs. Maceo is okay Now. You told me yesterday to send it to, You know who she would bring you to drop the jerseys off. All I'm saying is can I get my 5,900? Right baby, I gotta check with the Mrs. Make sure. 'cause because You know it's a, it is a, it is a new sheriff in town, man. So Man, don't be like that. I'm done. I'm, I'm just telling you's a new sheriff in town so things ain't what it used to be. Some of the things we used to be able to do, we really can't do no more. So I gotta make sure Ojo.


Yeah, Okay, I get it. Okay, no problem. I, I, bro, I get it. I don't want no problem. I, I, shoot, I don't want no problems either. No problem. So, so I don't know what he gonna do. Jordan, lemme get those right there. Lemme over there. Lemme yeah. Yeah. Hey, hey. Sitting my jerseys, man. No, I'm still trying to, I'm still trying to understand how can you get my, how you got my damn jersey anyway?


Is that the patch y'all be having? Yeah, that's a high tide patch, man. Miami Beach, man. Miami Beach Senior High. Yeah, I'm saying how do you, Hey, how do you even order that? This, this, this late in the game. Put feet. There you go. I, I'm, I like the red with the red one knife, but this white one, Hey, I ain't to Texas ain't in years. What? And if you don't gimme about 5,900, you won't see it again. Hey, how you got that? I'm, I'm, I'm go by the school. I'm gonna go by to school tomorrow, Saturday though. Yep. And guess what? It's the weekend late or a Memorial Day weekend. They ain't got nothing for you.


Hey, it is Memorial Weekend, huh? Yeah, but what you gonna do? You finna cook? Man, look here. I, I went and got me a haircut today. I'm finna lay back. Okay. I'm gonna, Tomorrow I'm gonna work out. Oh whoa. Who gets a haircut and goes and laid back? Most of the time you get your haircut, You know you wanna be seen. That's the point of getting a haircut. I might go get it colored. Man, look at that. All that gray Ocho damn. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There you go. There you go. I'm worried about, I'm getting ready to go out right now. Who? I, where? Me and I, me in the midst of, we finna go to Booby Trap. Yeah, I heard. I, I listen, I, I area 29.


It, it left such a, such a positive, such a positive impact on my life. I wanna see what the fussy is about Booby Trap. So I'm gonna see the comparison between Area 29 and Houston and Booby Trap on the river that I hear so many stories about. So I, I check back in with you and let You know, let You know Sunday, June, June said, better punchlines Wayne or Luter. Ah, it's so different. Completely different. Very good punchlines though. A them boy, them boys word played man. They on some other, they on some they, You know, Manny used to be, man, Luda had a stretch there.


Manny Luda dropped on the feature. You know it was gonna be hooked What time It was Pj PJ P 11, who's the most underweighted, underrated, wide receiver, tight end from your eras. Might not have been Pro Bowls all pro, but they were forced on the field. I grew up in the OCHO era, so I say Santana Moss and Dallas Clark. Bye Rol Man. That's so long. Go over that and Guy, damn, Y'all do realize I ain't played in two decades, right?


Who was underrated? I played with, You know, I wouldn't say he is underrated, but I just think the thing is, is that, You know, he was kind of in the same era that I was in. He was a year younger than me. Ben, Ben Co. And his teams didn't win. Like my teams won. Now he did win. He came, he, we both went to Baltimore in 2000 and it was great playing with him. 'cause like I said, I took him on his first in a visit to Savannah State.


So it was great to, and we made so many pro bowls together, Ocho, I mean, and the a FC when, when I was in my prime and he was in his prime. You weren't going to the Pro Bowl if your name wasn't Sharp or coach, you were not going right. So why receiver? Who, why receiver Jimmy Smith. Sure. Jimmy was that boy. Man, That mofo was bad. Well, he was that fo man. That joker man, that joker that speed out. Hey, That joker fall off the table Little Joe. They Smith was bad boy, mark Renee that hey Bruell put that thing right on the button every time, Man with him.


And Keenan And that boy were nasty, bro. And they had fabulous Freddie Taylor. Yeah, I used to study. I used, I used to study Jay Spoon, But all the boy Keenan McCardell could run Ralphs too. Now people sleep on Keenan. Yeah, yeah. Keenan was nice. Good boy. Stop. Or a died. But Jimmy with that speed out In that end, yeah, I used to study OJ sl, bro. I love Jimmy Manel. Said UNC and Ocho. How many games will the Cowboys win this year in Ocho? Can you sing the national anthem for the chat Ocho? How many games will the Cowboys win? Hey, listen, honestly, I like the Cowboys Thir 13 game win season 13, 14 game win season.


I like that. How many? 13. Oh Lord. 13. 13. You know, I, and I, I I can say that I say that I, I, I really think so. And I'm, I'm just, I'm just basing everything from an offensive perspective. That's it. You know, I'm not, I'm not sure what the defense gonna do, but I can tell you what that goddamn damn offense gonna do. Okay? Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm standing on that. You know, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not a, I'm not even a Cowboys fan, You know, I'm just understanding what that Prescott has at his disposal.


That's all I know. Dang, that's all I know. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. The Pacers take a commanding two oh lead. They go on the road. Take both ho both road games. This game one 14 to 1 0 9, thanks to a sensational night from Pascal, aka 15 to 23, 3 of five from the 3 6, 6 of eight from the free throw line. 39 big points. They have five other guys in double figures, niece Smith Miles, Turner Nim, hard Halliburton, and McConnell, all scoring double figures as they beat the New York Knicks one 14 to 1 0 9.


The Knicks have a huge uphill battle decline. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Want give a special thanks to Cedric Cornbread Maxwell for joining us to help break down the game and talk all things NBA. He was a two time champs finals, MVP of the 81 finals, Cedric Cornbread and Maxwell, thank you again, brother. Next time you get it some more time, stop by and holler at us again. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


I want to thank you each and every one of you for your support and your continued support. Ocho and I greatly, greatly appreciate what you've helped us accomplish thus far. None of this is possible without you, and thanks to you, we've been able to do, accomplish a whole lot. So hopefully we'll continue to have your, your trust, your loyalty, and your support as we move, move forward. Please make sure you check our shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock. Now, if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door, the best tastings, VSOP cognac on the market. Try it for yourself. Don't take my word for it, but try it for yourself. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of its platform, Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they are gone. So grab yours while you can. We are off tomorrow, but, but we're back on Sunday. Thank you guys for joining us. Thank you guys for tuning in tonight. We appreciate it. We'll see you on Sunday. Enjoy your weekend. Stay safe out there, people. The volume okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree, changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy, just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs. Your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash P-D-K-A-T-Z 13. Just go to indeed.com/p DKA, TZ 13 right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast. Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen To good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.