
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America, and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Ard To type in a new podcast, it's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together and chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a nan's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did The Volume NFL playoffs.


We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


As the Baltimore Ravens move on to the divisional round with a convincing 28 14 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers. Their division rival. Their arch nemesis. Lamar Jackson was sensational. Again, 16 of twenty one a hundred seventy five yards, passing two touchdowns and 15 carries, or 81 yards clean game. But King Henry 26 carries a buck 86, 2 tubs. That dynamic duo was sensational as they've been all year long. Thank you Ganna for joining us. I'm your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp. That guy is your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. Liberty City Legend, the Bengals Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. We thank you every night that you join us. We thank you since 23, 24 and continued on into 25. Thank you for your continued support. All the awards, all the accolades, all the praise that we receive is because of you, our loyal and fateful viewers and listeners. So thank you again. Please make sure you check out Shay by La Portier. We do have it in stock and the holidays are upon us.


They're pastors actually, but they still can celebrate hell. Why not? I celebrate all the time. As a matter of fact, I might have a little song. Jordan, gimme a little glass. Now you know the raven, when we do, we in the playoffs, we moving on unfortunately. Whoa, whoa, Ocho, I don't need that. What's with the what's with the the sad look that's unnecessary Ocho, let me live. Listen, I I'm, I'm, I'm gonna let you live. But you are a Bronco. Huh? You're a Bronco. Listen, you live. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Stay with me. Stay with me. Listen, stay with I'm a Bronco tonight. I'm a raven. Wait a minute. Hold on, hold on. Now let's, let's not do that. We not do That. Welock Raven. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're not. You're not, you're not gonna do that. You're not gonna do that. Listen your time. The majority of your time was spent in Denver Mile High.


Just remember slu, remember slu Now you just so happy. We salute Tomorrow. We flocked tonight. So make sure you order a bottle of shade by La Porter and you can't find it in the city or state near you. You can, hey, order and we'll ship it directly to your door. And please drink responsibly. Please make sure you check out my media company on all of this platform. Hold your nobody's little cocktail. That little old look. Little Nightcap. This is Nightcap. So you know, I'm, have me a little Nightcap. You know. Go to get the abolished shape by the porter. Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on. Don't use no cup. Drink. Drink. Drink it from the head. Drink it from the head.


Hey, we too classy for that Ocho. This is, this is, this is VSOP. This is top of the line. This, this is A-B-S-O-P that drinks like an xo. This glass is Turkish quartz is made especially, okay. Most of your taste come from your nose, right? And so we want you to taste this. You see it? Switch it around. Well, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Now. Listen, listen, listen, listen. Now, now what you can do now, I don't what you just said to me. That's like calculus to me. You know, I don't know nothing about now alcohol. Right? Okay. Yeah, but I'm just saying what you can do is take the bottle itself. Yeah, the bottle itself. Then you can smell it and then take it to the head from the bottle. But that's not, that's not, that's what you do with rock gut liquor.


That ain't what you do with this kind of liquor. Okay? This is the kind of liquor that you in savor that you enjoy. You get with your boy, you got your nice cigar, or you're in fireplace, you have a nice eat, you're having a couple of cocktails and you with your boy, you're sitting around and you're telling stories. This is what you do with this. Okay? So everything you just explained, it sounds like a wait next hell moment. That's the, that's the first thing I, I thought of. Wait next. Hell sitting around the fire. Can I, You, I wanna to get through this 'cause I really wanna celebrate this victory night. Thank you. You aint you, but you not part of the Ravens. Please make sure you followed my media company and all of its platform that Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had a lot of release that drift dropped last month.


Shirt sweats, coolies beanies and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour. Stop. They're on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there. You don't wanna miss this one. Great guests are lined up. We can't wait to have our first spring tour stop of 2025. The first of about 10 show stops that's on the docket ocho. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both been nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcasts. Art Sports Entertainment Club.


Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for your guides. Link is been at the top, is in our bios and we greatly appreciate that. And thank you NAACP for the nominations and congratulations to all the other nominees. Ravens run past the Pittsburgh Steelers, 28 14 of the divisional round Ocho The Ravens ran the, ran the ball 50 times 299 yards. Derrick Henry 26 for a buck 86, 2 touchdowns. Lamar Jackson added another 81 on the ground. Lamar 16 or 25, 1 75. Two touchdowns. No turnover, only one sack. But the Ravens dominated this game.


Even though the Steelers came out, they sped up the tempo in the second half. I really never was really worried because they had to commit too much to stop the run. There was a couple plays Ocho I saw they had eight men on the line of scrimmage. Not eight men in the box. Eight men at the line of scrimmage. Yes sir. And but the Ravens, when they play like this offensively, they're very difficult to beat. Now I'm still a little concerned about their past coverage on the back end. Ocho, that's still a little concerning to me because the teams they could potentially face. Now if the buffalo win tomorrow, we're gonna get a rematch. Baltimore, Buffalo, Houston, Kansas City. But that, we're gonna talk about that a little later. But let's talk about this game.


Yeah. Ocho the Ravens, Lamar Jackson, I believe he's gonna win the MVP. You're gonna believe, you believe he's gonna win the MVP. Yes. He showed tonight that he should be the MVP. Not Josh, but Josh Allen might come out and have one of those games he had against the Rams three touchdown rushes, three touchdown passing. Or one of those games where he rushed for touchdown pass for touchdown catch four touchdowns. But Lamar Jackson looked extremely well tonight. Derrick Henry Randal. This is why they got him. But what did you love most about what you saw from the Baltimore Ravens? Listen From the Ravens. I like they dominated from the start. They dominated from the start to finish. I said it before the game started in order for the Pittsburgh theaters to have a chance in this game, for one you got a counter, Lamar Jackson, you got a counter Derrick Henry and the production that they were gonna produce, you weren't for the have drive.


You going march down the field and have the 11, 12, 13, 14 play drives with the Steelers offense. Right. Arthur Smith is going to have to call a different type of game in order for be in order for them to be able to hang with the Ravens. What did, what did I say? I tweeted before the game started, Arthur Smith. The game plan should have been finding different ways to get the one off the weapon you have. That is a threat. The one playmaker you got. That's a threat. Number 14, put him in different positions. Find ways to make, find ways for him to make plays, to give you chunk plays because you're not gonna be able to mark down the field. Naje Har is not gonna be able to, did you see Naje har numbers at the end of the game on he had Six, seven feet, six scares, 17 yards.


Come on. Now they Had 11 carries for 29 yards. There. There's, there's nothing you can do with that. There's nothing you can do with that. So the, the I I knew it was gonna happen. I knew it was gonna happen. Find ways to get your best offense weapon, ways to get the ball. They hit him a few times in the second half, but at that point you already down two scores. It's too late. Actually, you down three scores, you down 21. Nothing. You right. Yeah. My bad. And they got off two. And the thing is though, Joe, they better be glad that they gotta stop because the Ravens pick up that third down when they got the ball. They gotta go down the field and score. So give them, And again, Give the Steelers credit. They bow their back when they absolutely have to. They give themselves a chance. They got the ball back, go down the field, make the score 21 to seven and what happened?


Right? The Ravens get the ball back, say, man, let's stop playing with y'all. De Henry do what you do. He end up the gut and he scores a touchdown from 44 yards out. I love the counter that the Ravens did to the Steelers counter. They had the defensive ends crasher to try to take away that inside zone reed. Because a lot of times, you remember last time they played Ocho Derrick Henry bend it back, he ate him alive. They said, Hey, hi. Smith Watt crashed. That right Lamar pulled it. Okay, y'all crash. And they did it like three, four times in a row. Oh Yeah. And Still crashing. Okay, I'm gonna pull it again. Y'all still, I'm gonna pull it again. I like the counter that Todd Monkin had to their counter because he knew they had to do something to stop Derrick Henry.


That inside zone Reed, their counter was crash. The end kin's counter was pull the ball. Right. I like that. And you see running the football is all about commitment. A lot of times people think, well man, they ain't do nothing. Well you only gave the ball three times. So you expect them to have a hundred yards on three carries. Right. When the ravens are committed to run the football, 50 carries is a commitment. Yeah. Not a promise. Promises are like py crusts then. And these are broken. They are committed. That says, you know what, nothing else matter. We're running the football today. Yeah, stop It. But listen, what this what the s could have done this. And I'm not a defensive coordinator, I'm definitely not a defensive coordinator.


But everything has to have gap. Everybody has to be sound and disciplined understanding what their, what their assignments are in order to stop that run. Now when I look at the Steelers defensively, I see them as a defense that can hang and you know, some will stop the run. Their identity has always, most of the time it's been their defense. Yes. This, their identity is their defense. The fact that they couldn't do anything And their ability to stop the run. Yeah. It, it's beyond me. But see O Joe, it's, I I don't Understand. Lemme lemme tell you why their, their ability to stop the run is predicated on one particular guy. But you got two guys you gotta worry about. Right? If you over commit to stop Derrick Henry.


Lamar Jackson pulls the ball and you see what he does. Right? Okay. You say, I'm gonna hang back. Not Derrick Henry bends back. Right. You see, you have so much to worry about when you have a guy like Lamar with his leg. So when he fakes the ball and he rolls out pretending like he has it, it holds the backside in. Well he holding the backside in that gives Derrick Henry an opportunity to cut the ball back if necessary. You crash. I pull you don't I let I give. And so when you have multiple things to worry about, that's what makes a guy like Lamar so dangerous. You worry about his arm and you worry about his legs. He's not just, oh, he just gonna throw the ball.


Look at the guys that's in the Patrick Mahome. He doesn't run as much as Lamar. He doesn't run as much as as Josh Allen. But you better worry about his legs because we seen the past few Super Bowl. It was his legs that basically ended up winning the, the game on. Listen on third downs Too. That's it. Downs too. Yeah. So all basically all the guys that's in the playoffs, what can they do with the exception of Sam, Donald, all the guys got legs. CJ strive to run a little bit. Not much, but you look at Lamar, you look at Packham Holmes, you look at Josh Allen, those guys can move. Yeah. And that's what makes them so dangerous. If they don't turn the ball over, they're gonna be difficult to beat right now. Right off defensively.


You'll have to tighten up. Now if you look at the way they played today, look at the situation on that touchdown ball that was cover two. Yeah. The inside slot he takes off running. Marlon has to go with him, but the safety sees that he is going hard. He can't get over the top Right. So he late getting over the top because what does, what does the DP talk to do? I'm I'm gonna push him. He didn't push him inside. He let Pickens get outside. You gotta shove him inside. Now when you shove him inside, you sink, but you watching the flat flat. Well, he let Pickens get outside the slot is screaming up the field. The safety can't get all the way over because there's a hole shot. He holds just long enough.


Russ hits him. Boom, touchdown. Yeah. And that One the first touchdown, that's quarters. I don't know what the DB think that, that look like they were in quarters because everybody just rotated back. Bro, you got to get back. Well, to be back up outta there. Yes. Yes. And So, hold on. But, and well Hamilton Hamilton was trying to, was trying to direct traffic. Yes. Before the snap call. Yeah. But I don't, I don't know if the communication was off and they, he couldn't hear. He, I mean, everybody couldn't hear what was going on. But I tell you what, Ocho you can direct traffic all you want to, but you better get your ass out the traffic. You better get your ass off the freeway because they're running your ass over. They'll care nothing about you directing traffic. Get your right. Right, right.


Hey, you doing all this and talking about you better move your ass out the way. Yeah. But the Ravens play like this. Ocho I mean, look at the efficiency in which they ran the ball. They only threw the ball 21 times. Yeah, they ran it 50 times. But for the tomb of 300 yards, six yards a pop. So guess what that means? Oh, we control the clock.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts casts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now, you Wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burke. That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


This is another thing when I think about this, right? I think about the A FC. Okay? I think about all the, the A FC and I look at them from a defensive standpoint. To me, when I think about the Bill's defense and I think about the chiefs defense outta the three, including the Steelers Knight, who has the best defense in the personnel to be able to stop the run outta the three I just named Doug Chiefs. You think so? I like the Chiefs the best. Okay. Because a lot, a lot more. Sometimes your best defense is your offense, right? So Buffalo can do it also because they got Josh Allen third and one fourth and one, he's going to get it right. He's going to get it. And so a lot of times the best way to really defend the Ravens offense is to keep Lamar Jackson and Derrick RAs on the sideline.


Okay? I see where you're going with it. That's the best way. Because eventually you're gonna give them enough look and Todd Monkey is going to figure a way to get his playmakers in position to make plays. Right? The best way to negate that is to keep 'em on the sideline. That's what the, that's what the Ravens did to the Steelers. Well, you say whatever gave a few playmakers when you can't make plays when you're on the sideline, because think about the yardage that they had. They had what, a 20 minute, 20 minutes in the first half to 10. They had 300 yards to 64. Well, I don't know what you're gonna do unless you get in school, unless you getting in short fields because your defensive sports and turnover, you're not gonna do a whole lot with 64 yards. Not much.


Not much at all. Not at all. When the Ravens play like this, when they are committed to the run, they committed to the run today. They came, they came out and Todd Monkey says, we are going to run the damn football. Lamar Jackson says, I ain't trying to be cute. I ain't all that other stuff. He is like, look, I've been, I heard what he said. He said, I've been antsy. I've been, sometimes maybe I've been trying to do too much. Right? You when you think about this, right? Ever since Lamar Jackson mama cussed his ass out Yeah, five weeks ago, they ain't lost a game since. Nope. They ain't lost a game since. I'm sure Mama, mama said, you know, in, in, in short term, baby, get out there and do what you do. Well, yes.


Don't try to else do what you do. Well, you're special. There's something about you that is special there. A reason why you make that goddamn damn 250 million. They paid you for that for one reason. And it wasn't to sit back there and drop back 50 times and throw the goddamn ball. So, I mean, I mean that's, that's a when they, this the, the thing about it, the thing about it is what happens if they commit to the run Now, depending on who they play next, we don't know who it's gonna be. I'm assuming it might be Buffalo. Matter of fact, it's gonna be Buffalo. It's gonna be a rematch again, what happens when they commit to the run, but the bills commit to stopping the run even though the bills are little undersized up front. They're a little undersized front. But what's going to happen then? Well, here's the thing. If the Ravens win, excuse me, the Ravens won.


If the bills, if the bills win, Baltimore travels to Buffalo, it'll be around, it'll be a rematch of what? Week three, week four Derrick Henry ran while I think he had 199 yards rushing. Now, if, if, if that's the case, the, if the Broncos win, the Broncos would then travel to Kansas City and then the Texans would travel to Baltimore. So, Okay. Like, I I like the hypothetical. I like the hypothetical Ocho. We ocho we got, we got to get it. Are you covering all the bases? Yes, I Be Okay. I'm not, I have let the chat knows what happens if the Bronco pulls the upset.


If the Bronco pulls the upset, the Broncos goes to Kansas City and the Texans travel to Baltimore. If the Buffalo wins, if Buffalo wins the Texas travel to Kansas City and Baltimore goes to Buffalo. I tell you what, even though you're covering all the bases, the, the fact that you even utter those words outta your mouth in saying that the Broncos even have a chance of beating buffalo. They do. That's why they call it football. I know. That's why they call it football. But listen, if so happened, God comes down and the football guys bless the Broncos and Bo Nicks and they happen to beat the Buffalo Bills, which is highly doubtful.


I double what I owe you. How about this? Even if God came down the, the Bengals can't get the playoffs. Hold on mean they done been gone too long. Hold on. You know, Lazarus, I mean even Lazarus, when he got Lazarus up, he wasn't dead that long. Can't wake up up. Why we, why we talking about the Bengals? You know what? As a matter of fact, why you talking? I should be the show. Do the whole show. You should just show up. And since my got two teams in the playoffs, I should do the show. Wait a minute. Wait, you guys, you don't have two teams at now? I got two teams. Chad, will y'all tell Ocho that I played for Raven? No, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. See that's what you not gonna do. You were drafted by the Denver of Broncos.


You just happened to be on the steel list and you just happened to be on the Raven team for two years. We know you got a helmet. I got a helmet too. Oh. So I happened to be on the Ravens, the team that won the band first Super Bowl in Ravens history. So I just happened to be there. So I didn't have pro. So did I do anything for the Ravens? Listen, the, the defense. The defense won that Super Bowl. So we, we gonna get a credit to the defense. I Mean, I did score a couple of touchdowns in the playoffs. Okay? Okay. Okay. I listen, I scored a couple on Madden. No, I just ain't no Madden. I scored a couple acting on the field. I mean, Chad, listen, I mean y'all can, I'm trying to figure out, I mean, if you, So you are, if You a Bronco man, you can't do that.


What? Listen, you happen to play for the, you happen To play for. So Tom Brady. So, so I guess lemme ask your question. When the bro, when the bugs have their reunion, their 10 year reunion, their five year, 10 year reunion, Tom Brady shouldn't go because he was a, he was a, a Patriot, right? He, he's a patriot at heart, no matter. No matter. So, So You are Denver Bronco, no matter how you try to slice, no matter how you play It. I didn't say I wasn't. All I'm saying is I got two teams in the playoffs. I got two teams, the Bron, Broncos, and the Ravens. When the Broncos aren't playing the Ravens, I root for the Broncos. I win the Ravens.


And I then if they play each other, I root for the Broncos. But if the Ravens it playing the bills, I'm rooting for the LeBron. I'm rooting for the Ravens. That's, that's, that's not the way it works. It doesn't work works. It works. The team, the, wherever you played for, for the most of your career, that is your team. Just because you go to, You don't want me to shine, Huh? Ocho I just ocho I didn't have a cup of coffee. I wanted to chill. Yeah, I want a chip in Baltimore. The best chip that they ever got. Okay. Alright. You, you are a Raven. I'm gonna let you have that. I'm, I'm gonna let you have that. I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you that. Yeah, don't try. But I, I know one thing. The Bronco, the Bronco can go home tomorrow.


And I don't, I mean, no disrespect. If there any Broncos fans in the chat, you know how I feel about you. I love you. I love you. But I'm talking football. I'm talking football and I'm talking about the matchup tomorrow. Number 12. No, Josh Allen don't work. What number Josh Allen wear? 17. 17. I'm talking about number 1217. Ain't gonna put that Cape on tomorrow. And he gonna show you why. He's in the MVP racing in the nv in the MVP running. Now, he might not win MVP, but he going put on a MVP performance. I love Bo Nicks. I love Bo, I love Sean Payton. You know, come on man. Put that put put it down. We, we what You, Chad, come on. Y'all Feel Ocho doing Ocho Don't Ocho don't want me to do me to live.


My team won tonight. Your team plays tomorrow. Your team plays tomorrow. My team played tonight. I have another team playing tomorrow. No, it don't work like that. It don't like it, it don't work like that. Listen, when you get married, listen, when you get married, right? Yes. Married. You only have one wife. You not Muslim. You not Muslim. You not finna have two. You not finna do that. So You are a Bronco and it's okay. It's okay. You a Bronco. Look, Angelina Jolie was married to Brad Pitt and Billy Bob Thorn. Now I don't care. She was only married for two months. She was mad to Billy Bob. Now let, let me have my moment.


I won a Super Bowl with the Ravens. Two years is a long time, A long time for what? Two years is still the honeymoon phase. You don't even listen. You it really Good. Don't even, You don't even know who you dealing with the first two years. You ain't even see Nature Brothers. 1, 2, 3, 4. Man. I won five playoff games in two years with the Raiders. Ask me how many playoff games. Ask me how many playoff games I won With the, with the, you probably won two. Two, Yeah. Yeah. The visional and the championship round. Yeah. Yeah. I wish it was something I could tell you until I don't even know what to tell you.


I mean, listen, I'm just, the, the fact that you, you like, it's like, like you holding on to something that, that that's really not a part of your history. Your History. How do you tell the story? How do you, lemme ask you a question. How do you tell the story of the Baltimore Ravens without mentioning the Shannon Sharp? Because you just talk about the defense the whole time. I still got, all I know is this. If you go back and look at the longest post-season touchdown from scrimmage. Oh, come on man. Come on man. Come on. All right. I'm gonna let you have it. You know what? You, you, why You don't want me to celebrate? Why you don't want me to win? 'cause you are really not a raven. You know, you are a bro, Not a raven Because you, you just, you just happen to play for the team that like, that's not your heart.


Your heart is not there. They signed me as a free agent. They spent big dollars to get me. Like you. Hey, ListenTo tried to rain on my parade, y'all. Hey, what, what, what time are Broncos in the Bill's play? I'm at, at one o'clock tomorrow. Matter of fact, we should, while the game is going on, we should do the show while a game is going on so we can get your reaction. We can get your live reaction in game while the bills are playing the Broncos. Now, that would be, that would be exciting. I mean, me, Jamal, I mean, we came in together.


Me and Big Ma. All right. I'm, I'm gonna let you have, Aren't you? Why? You know, I mean, I was there for two years. I won a Super Bowl. The fans had ball more. Remember? I mean, the one that's old enough to remember now, maybe some 10-year-old don't remember a 15-year-old. Don't remember. But I'm just saying two years, man. It's the honeymoon phase, man. You, you really don't, you really don't like, like y'all ain't even, y'all ain't even been together. How many, how Many people? Well, Tom Brady won, won a Super Bowl in his first year, Right? But Tom is a patriot. Tom is the patriot at heart. I'm sure if you would've asked him and no cameras around him, say, you know what? My tenure was so short with Tampa Bay, but I am truly Three years is not short on Joe.


Huh? Three Years ain't short Three man. I mean, the man played 20 years at one stop. You want to put in another 10 at Tampa? No, no. Chad, Y'all fi tried to do me. He don't want me to have no shine. He don't want me to have no shine because I don't want call the ravens. My team won tonight. But if you, if you wanna have shine, your team has to win tomorrow. Your team has to matter of fact, I don't even, I wonder what the odds are in Vegas. I wonder what the odds are in Vegas. What you think We flocking flock? No, I thought it was bro.


Bronco country. Let's ride. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What did I say Tonight we flocking. Okay. All right. Kodak Black, we flocking. You don't want me to shine? He don't want me to shine. Hold on, Jordan. Hand me that right now. Jordan. About to hand me something. What's that? Oh, come on. Come on, man. Now if you come, man, he one of these. Now I did have something to do with them putting one of them in Raven Stadium.


Alright. Alright. Now, Right. I would like to think I'm a, I'm a, I'm a part of it. Okay? Alright. You say we still in the honeymoon, Fame In the honeymoon Bay. Y'all still care, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did Listen it, listen. Those, those were, those were fortunate circumstances, you know, congratulations to you during that time. But again, we, we, we, we need to understand that it was, it was the defense unbelievable defense at that, that, that, that was able to, to get that, to get that trophy. No, no, no disrespect to others that were a part of that team, but you are a Bronco at heart.


No matter how you try to splice it, no matter how you try to play it and just say, oh, I was with the rape two years. Two years. I mean, like, nah, that, that, that, that, that ain't it. You're a Bronco. That's the hate alert going off. Hey, we gonna talk, we gonna, we gonna talk about them Broncos tomorrow. Don't worry about it. Oh, Joe. Oh, Joe, talk about them Broncos Tomorrow. I tell you what, if you go look, 2000, 2001 and you see who wore the number 82. Can y'all look that up right quick? 'cause I, I, I think but Quadra, Ishmael were 82 Con with 87.


Oh my bad. You don't wanna give me, you don't wanna gimme no credit. You don't want me to shine. I'm, I'm letting you shine. But you just doing like you, you doing like, like you overdoing it as if you were with the, with you as if you I was years. You was there two years. That's it. Just two. Oh, Joe. But you make it seem like I was just on the team. Nah, you, I you was just on the team. That's it Was on the team. I met the team in receiving. Y'all ain't had no receivals. Oh lord, that mercy, you see every ch every time he try to undermine what I did. I'm not trying to undermine what you did. I'm just saying like, you are a Bronco. You are a Bronco.


You are a Bronco. No matter, no matter what. And I, I want you to keep this. Oh, keep the same. I played 14. I want you to keep the same energy tomorrow. I played 14 years. I played 12 with the Broncos. 10, two with the Ravens. Two more with the Broncos. So 12 with the Broncos, two with the Ravens. I was fortunate. See, you see, you see how unbalanced that is? What, 12 2 2 12 2. Most of the time that's what happens, don't you? Right, right, right. But people always gravitate toward the team. They played the most time for now, it's okay for you to celebrate the Ravens win tonight.


I am So you mean it's okay. I am celebrating it. Well, you're, You're over, you're over celebrating. You know what, lemme have another swig. Be be careful now We got another hour and a half time. Have fun. Time flies when you having fun. Your team, your team in the playoffs. My team, the Bengals. Any of 'em? No. We at, no, we at we at home. Any of it's okay. Patriots, dolphins. No. I, I don't, I don't, I'm not, I'm not a Patriot. I'm Oregon State. I'm a Bengal Sam. Samo. Juco.


Listen, I'm a, I'm a Bengal. I don't, I don't claim to be anyone else but the team that drafted me and that I played the majority of my career for Well, Abs ocho. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm sorry. You, you were fortunate enough to go to like, you know, Broncos. I mean, go to Listen. I, listen, listen, I, I wasn't tripping. I, I got drafted where I did. Now the cars that I was dealt, I did the best I could with the cars. I was dealt right. That's all I could do. Yeah. You know, I, that, that's It. That's what he dealt me. He just dealt me the big joker. You know, he yelled that picture. I got a big joker. But the bar for Ravens win double up the Pittsburgh Steelers, the arch rival, the nemesis 28 to 14.


Lamar Jackson, 16 to 21. 175 yards, two touchdowns. No turnover. Derek. Yeah. 26 carries a buck. 86, 2 touchdowns. Lamar Jackson 15 carries for 81 yards. Ravens run the ball 50 times for 299 yards. Unbelievable domination. Unbelievable. Hold on. Lemme see here. Pull up the, oh, it went out. Need to reload the page. They really dominated this ball game. Did it come back up? Team stats. Team stats. No, no. Raven Ocho.


Yeah. Possess the ball. Almost two to 1 39, 4 30, 3 to 20 minutes and 27 seconds. So they almost doubled 'em up. The Ravens was 10 or 15 on third down. 72 total plays to 45 total plays. 464 yards to 280 yards. The Ravens were really good. Not a, not a whole lot of penalties. Three for 14 Steelers had seven for 41, 1 side 29 first downs to 11. Hell. As a matter of fact, in the first half, the Ravens had more first downs than Steelers ran plays. Yeah. Hey, Listen, I I I knew I knew what the magic was.


I said it before the game started. I said it before the game started. That's good. Gimme the, you Gotta use got, you got to use your offensive weapons. Listen, I know Arthur Smith has an of offense that he wants to run. But you, you gotta change things up. You gotta change things up and you gotta counter what the Ravens do extremely well. And you just, you just tried to do it methodical thinking you going drive down the field and, and dink and dunk and that wasn't gonna be the answer. Yeah. Well the thing was though, Joe, is that when you fall behind the Ravens now it takes you outta really what you wanna do. They wanna run the ball. They wanna control the clock, you know, and things like that. When you get down 14, you get down 21 ain't no more running the football.


It's all about throwing the football. Now you messing around and go three and out. Now all of a sudden your defense is back on the field after they've been tired.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Na Burkin Tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I'm Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love You by the way, NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the post-season run Houston Texans get it going in the second half and they pull away from the LA Chargers 32 to 12 score. AAMI says that is the First time that a game has ended right with the score of 32 to 12. CJ Spro 22 or 33. 2 81. One touchdown. One in Ception. Joe Mixon ran the ball really well. 25 carries of buckle. Six one touchdowns, total rushes Houston 34 for a buck 68 on the touchdown. Nico Collins was sensational.


Day seven catches for a buck 22 as they almost triple up the LA Chargers. Justin Herbert did not have a great day. He only threw three interceptions all year. He threw four today, 14 to 32, which is less than 50%, 242 yards. But one of them came on a 86 yard touchdown. So one touchdown, four deception. He was sacked four times a 13 QBR. They didn't, couldn't run the ball. 18 rushes 50 yards. But lad McConkey had himself a day ojo, he gave it to everybody. Nine catchers a buck, 97, 1 touchdown. But if you go back and look at it, he was really the only one that caught a pass that did anything.


Yeah, the tight end dis distally. He caught two for 16 fist caught one for 15 sharp caught one for 10, Davis caught one for four. Mm. That was it. Now listen, listen, e the the first half first half was horrible. The first half was very boring. First half was very, very, very boring and very underwhelming. Like when I think about the charter offense, I thought, you know, it would be a high scoring game. I I, I just thought it was, especially having Justin Herbert, Justin Herbert being in the playoffs, I'm like, you know what qu Quentin Johnson had a hell of a game last week. Yeah. He had 1 98, 87, something like that. So I'm thinking, okay, Quentin Johnson coming in with the confidence after having a game like that. Then La Darius McConkey, I don't even call him lad no more.


Ladd is short for La Darius, you know, as far as I'm concerned, he one us. Hey, listen, he had a phenomenal game today. Yeah. And CJ Shrouding the text, they scared me a little bit. They scared me a little bit with the way they were playing in the first half. Now, if it wasn't for the interceptions, if it wasn't for the interceptions that brother Herbert threw this game might've been a little bit different. And I tweeted after he threw the first one. All right, nah, you playing around, you gonna pay double for that. That was a, I mean, both of them, I mean cj his interception, that was terrible. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like, Bro. And then, and then Herbert came back. I mean, Herbert obsession was ter they were awful.


Wait, which one? Well, but listen, one was on now La No, no, no. That was dis that was the tight end that dropped it dis No, you talking about the one, you talking about the one in the flat and they got a pick six? No, That went through La McConkey hands. Oh, the one over the middle? No, it was, it was, it was like Yeah, the over the middle, what you call 'em. I know, I know what you talking about. Yeah. That was, that was, I mean, Ocho, he so tall now. It, it was lab, But Oh, okay. Listen, now if your hands, if your hands touch it, especially for somebody like lad la Darius. If, if, if, if the ball touch your hands, you gotta have that. You gotta have that because it went right, it went right through his hands. Yeah. But, but I it, listen, it, it was, it was, it was a ugly game.


Especially the first half. The Texas got it together in the second half. Yes. Now, if I'm not thinking didn't see they shroud get, gets sacked three times in the first half if I'm not mistaken. Yep. I not tripping. Yeah, I mean they have to play better. They have to play, if they're play, if they were playing a better team, a better offensive team, it it would've been, Yeah. I don't dunno. If you get off to the start and they got off the day you play Kansas City. Now if you played Kansas City or you played the Reagan, Oh, you've Get off the start. The start because you can't spot that team is gonna put, that team is gonna put 14, 17 points on you. Really put you behind the eight ball. Yeah. But Eric Murray's pick six off of Justin Herbert late in the third quarter, gave the Texas a 20 to six lead and they didn't look back.


Herbert a brutal day throwing the football four interceptions. He had nine completions of Lab McConkey and five to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 other receivers. So Lab was getting open. He did a great job. He's done a great job. But then the interception that they ended up getting Stingley Jr it shows why he's an all pro because he had a phenomenal, but he got tremendous ball skills. Did a great job. I thought he was gonna take that one to the house with Joe. Yeah. Sp speaking of, speaking of ball skills, I wanna talk about technique. I wanna talk about his technique on the double move. Most of the time on the double move that the, the receiver tried to run on him. Yeah. Most of the time DV plays so aggressive and BS on the first move.


On the first move where he's not even in position to recover. Right. Man, not only he bit on it a little bit, but then he was able to transition, get back, get his eyes on the ball and then ping it off. Yep. I don't think people, the casual fan under, you know, the casual fan watching from home, they just see interception. I mean, just the development on how we got the interception and how we kept himself in position to even make the goddamn play. I'm like, well, God, Lee. Yeah. He got, he got, he got great ball skills. He the real deal, he getting better and better. They did a great job of pressuring Will Anderson Jr. Had a, a sack and a half. Mario Edwards Jr. Had a sack and a half.


They really got, after Herbert, they neutralized the running game. So now we know now we can just go hunting, we can turn to unleash the Hounds and we can just go hunting because we have, we know you have no threat of running the football. I'm not even concerned about the, I'm not a concerned about you running it. All I'm doing is pinning my ears back. Hey linebacker, y'all have a run Bron fo let's go hunting. Yeah. Now, now listen, Buffalo, Buffalo Broncos would play tomorrow. So who would be the next opponent for, for the Texans. If the, if the Broncos win the Broncos goal to Kansas City, Kansas City and the Texans go to Baltimore.


Right. If Buffalo wins Baltimore goes to Buffalo, Houston goes to Kansas City. Ugh. See what I tried to tell you, doctor, I was trying to tell you, talking about you. You ain't want to hear what I was trying to say. I was just trying to get you the outlines of what was going to happen. I mean, I, I, I like the outline. I like the outline of what you're saying, but we already know how it's going to play out. You know, we understand how its gonna play out. No, we don't. No, we don't. You Listen, you know, you know what I got, you know, right now you a hopeless romantic, like in a sense where, where it's like a little bit of delusion, you know, when you, not when, when you, when you wanted to play out one way, instead of having, instead of reality actually setting it and understanding how it was going to go.


It is, it is kind of cute. It's kind of, it's kind of cute. But I, I understand. You know, the, the Bronco in you wants you guys to win that game and you go to play. Wait, no. Yeah. You go play kid. No. What? Kansas City? Yeah. Y'all have no, no, it ain't happening. If the Broncos win, the Broncos would go to Kansas City, the Texan. That's what I said. The Texans would then travel to Baltimore. Right. If Buffalo wins Baltimore have to pack up, go to Buffalo, Texans, go to Kansas City. So basically the, So city gets the lower of the seeds. So the Broncos and the Texans are the lower of the seeds. So Right. The Texans, if, if the Broncos win, Broncos seven seed go to Kansas City, one seed.


Right? Right. Baltimore, which is the three seed which travel to the two seed, which is Buffalo. Okay. Buffalo Winds right. Baltimore packs up, goes to Buffalo. They're the lower of the seed. So now, so Basically They're to higher the seed, see the, it goes if you, the low seed one's supposed to get the advantage. So we are gonna play the lower seed, which would be the, which would be the Texans or the Broncos. Right. So basically Buffalo's playing Baltimore That, and that's why we play the game. That's why we play the game. Oh man. Come on man. Lemme ask You your question. Come on. Now, You, you said that, did you say that when New England did, when New England was playing the Giants, did you say we know who's gonna win?


No. Okay. Okay. That's why you play the Say Stay. Stay with me real quick. Now, anytime the Patriots played the Giants, the matchup was always good. The matchup was always good because they played the Patriots extremely well. Despite them not being a divisional opponent, for some reason the Giants always had the Patriots number. Why? I have no clue. I have no clue. Every time they played. Well, now, in this case, in tomorrow's game, we know You do realize Blind M listen, the three blind mice can see how it's gonna go. Hey, Buffalo's win that game. Broncos are gonna put up a great effort Between me and you.


The Broncos beat Buffalo last year with Russ. I understand, but In Buffalo. But that ain't none of my business. I don't even know why I brought that up. That was regular season, wasn't It? Yep. Oh yeah, exactly. This is different. These, they're play, they have playoff implications on hand, then getting ready to play Superman. The MVP runner, was He not Superman last year? Huh? Was he not Superman last year or he just turned the Superman this year? Oh, he, he, he, he, he was, he was heavenly turnover prone last year. Oh, okay. I'm just checking. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm just, just making sure you Know. Hey, don't worry about my bro. Oh, Bo. Oh, Bo Yeah. I like Bo Bogar. Nicks? Yeah. I Like Bo Bogar. Nicks?


Yeah. I like Bo Bogar. Okay. Okay. Listen, I'm with you. I'm with you when you're right. But I, I like Bo. I ain't say nothing bad about Bo. He's played very well. He's one of the reasons why they're in the Play. Why don't you say something bad about Bo With my team in the playoffs, I got two teams in the playoffs. I only played for two. I got both of my teams in the playoffs. You got no teams. You play with more teams than I did. And ain't none of make the playoffs. Nah, I'm, I'm, nah, listen, don't say, oh, man. All right. I I I like your energy today. I like your energy. I'm glad I'm, I'm glad you feel good. Make sure you have the same energy tomorrow. Make sure you have the same energy tomorrow. Please. Watch Y'all. Can I enjoy tonight? Yeah, you can enjoy tonight.


I get 24 hours. Enjoy this victory. Okay? Okay. Because you, you're gonna have a sad face on tomorrow. Matter of fact, I'm going to Same want wear that same Bronco robe you had on. Wear that robe. Bring out. Get get, get your Bronco helmet. Get everything I want all your, all your, your Bronco memorabilia. Have it. Make sure you have it on the show tomorrow. I, I mean, I'll be, I'll be I I'll be my Ravens gear. I gotta have break. Yeah. I had to, might have to break my Raven. I have to take my Ravens Gers outta the frame. Don't do that. Don't, don't do that. Don't do. Matter of fact, here, let me get you a gift. Lemme get you early gift for you Bronco tomorrow. Hold on. I gotta take, I gotta take, I gotta take my Bronco ger. I mean a, my Ravens gers outta the frame. Oh, Joe Hater.


I don't even, I don't even know why he hates so much. CJ Sproul is now the sixth quarterback in the NFL history to win a playoff game. In each of his first two seasons. He joins Big Ben Berger, Joe Flacco, Mark Sanchez, Russell Wilson, and Brock Purdy. CJ SRA joins that elite group. Let that sink here for a second. Ben Berger is going to the Hall of Fame. I don't think Joe gonna make it. Russell Wilson, Mike. Hey Brock. Purdy had his entire career ahead of him. CJ's, I, I read oj, oj O Joe.


What you call me? Calling me oj? Yeah, because I got you on the run. I got him on the run. And hold on. I got, I got you. I got your early gift for you, for your Bronco. For you. What's Ah, look at it. Yeah, look. Little golf bag. Hey, So you can put your helmet, put your shoulder past. Hey, put your cleats. I wanna, I'm, I'm gonna get it out. Get it out early for you. You hater With Joe? Huh? You a hater. I ain't hating. I'm just, I'm just trying to help you out. Don't help. I help you. I'm back up. Matter of fact, and you can meet the Bengals in Cancun. Nah, we ain't going This out there. CJ Stride is not the sixth quarterback in the NFL history to win a playoff game.


In each of his first two starts, he joins Ben Rothenberger, Joe Flacco, Mark Sanchez, Russell Wilson and Brock Purdy. That's six. CJ Raub, big band. Joe Flacco, Mark Sanchez. Russell Wilson and Brock Purdy are the only quarterbacks in NFL history to win a playoff game in each of their first two seasons. 22 or 33. 2 82. One touchdown, one interception, three sacks. Joe Mixon R Ball. This is why they got Joe Mixon. Yeah. Y'all didn't want Joe Mixon anymore. Houston, Texas say gladly take him off your hands. 25 Ks a buck six, one touchdown.


Nico Collins was sensational today. Ocho Oh, Nico Collins touchdown. He lines up in that tight end split. Yeah. And the corner is playing off so he don't breath. If you playing off, if he takes off and runs the shallow cross, he goes, score. Yeah, He ran a slant and he jumping up and down. I'm like, what did you expect, bro? That guy, that title split. And you not going to press him. You not gonna put hands on him or nothing. Hold on. Well, you gotta understand, huh? The point of having the condensed split is, is to get the corners to back up. Most of the time it's for receiver that have a problem with getting off the ball. Nico's not one of those, one of those players.


And anyway, if you do a, you do go up there and you press Negro Collins, you going to get your ass Deebo. 'cause he, he not little and he's strong, especially up in the press. And he's very, very good in man to man. So you gotta pick your poison. You wanna play off and make a play on the ball and just make the tackle. You're not, you're not gonna make, you're not gonna, you, you not gonna make no play on the ball. 'cause he got that tight speed. He on these 12 yards, he runs a five yard length. He catch the ball. He gonna drag your ass in the end zone. But o jumping my point is, with that condensed split, he runs a shallow cross and they got cross the coming, you gonna get picked off. Yeah. You're, I'm Like, I, I'm looking at these guys. I'm like, bro, I'm looking at the guys split. I see guys doing certain things.


I'm like, bro, why you let La McConkey, you don't get a you, I understand that. You gotta buzz the flag. You gotta buzz, buzz the hook. But at least give him a jam. You let the man go Godfrey circle in behind you where you vacated and not rerout him. Yeah. When a guy, when you, when a guy comes in in your lane, your area Ocho, you got to reroute him. Got to, you gotta do something. You Gotta do something. You can't let him just free release and just go. Yeah. I was like, man, I just, I I, I worry about some of these guys. I'm like, bro, did y'all watch after the game, Alz Cher had some words for Rex Ryan, let's take a listen. Wait. Whoa, Wait, wait, wait.


Gimme gimme better contact. 'cause I don't even know what Rex said. You Finn to find out. Here it is. Now Rex Ryan said it was going to be a bi-week for the Chargers. Your thoughts Shame on him. He, he, I mean he's, he's coaching this league. He knows, you know, that's, that's just him being, you know, TV guy. I don't take it personal. 'cause end of the day he's coaching his, he knows how this league is. It's a week to week league. This is the best of the best. So he can say what he wants, you know, it is what it is. But I take that, I don't even take that, that personal, I think maybe he was just, you know, trying to hype himself up for TV or something. Joe in the locker room was smoking on a cigar. Said he had, he was smoking on that Rex R Paper. Rex said he didn't realize that the Chargers had earned a buy week because they were playing the Texans.


Given the Texans had played poorly over the last month of the season. Obviously players hear everything. If they didn't hear it, somebody sent it to him. Right. That's why Al, Al Z said Z said what? He said, Listen, honestly, I'm thinking Rex Ryan obviously thinking it's gonna be a bi-week for the Chargers is simply because only, not, not only Harbaugh, but the fact that they had Justin Herbert at quarterback, Justin Herbert at the helm. And I think Justin Herbert needs to be held to the same standard that other quarterbacks are held at that they see as top tier. When we mentioned some of the best quarterbacks in the league, Justin Herbert's name always comes up, right?


Based on, based on, you know, he's the, the, the prodigy or the, I'm, I'm not sure what word I'm looking for. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to use here. I'm, I don't wanna be disrespectful. I put court category. Look, look, I hold Mahomes, Lamar, and Rogers to a different level than I hold anybody. Because those are the guys that have the MVPs. They've been labeled the best. They've been the guys that's been first team all pro on multiple occasions. Right? So you have to hold them to a higher standard than you hold everybody else. Now, if you wanna put Josh Allen, you wanna put Joe Burrow, you wanna put some of these other quarterbacks in the group that's a, a notch below, that's fine. But Joe Bur, but Justin Herbert name.


Huh? Justin Herbert's name is always in that group you just named. Yeah. He, it is always because, oh, Joe, I think it is because of the tools. You see a guy that's six foot 5, 240 pounds has a rifle arm. He can make all the throws like a lot of these quarterbacks can. But I don't judge him because he really hadn't really done anything. I mean, he went to, okay, what they, he wanted division round the playoffs. When I talk about Joe Burrow, he's gone to a Super Bowl, he's gone to an a FC championship game twice. Josh Allen has gone to an NFC championship game twice. Right? They get the Matthew Stafford, those guys get critiqued a little harder than say some of these other lesser quarterbacks.


But Mahomes, Lamar, and, and, and, and, and, and Aaron, they get judged the harshest because one guy has four MVPs, a Super Bowl. MV P one guy has two MVPs, three Super Bowl MVPs. Right? And another guy has about to have his third regular season MVP. So that's why we judge Lamar the harshest. It's not what, you don't say this about Burl. You should be thankful. You should be thankful that I don't mention him and burring the same breath. I don't hear mention him and Josh yelling the same breath. Right. Because you shouldn't. Yeah, you right.


You right. But, but O Bo o Bogar might have something to say about that tomorrow Has something to say about what Don't you? I'm just saying Bogar might have something say about that. I, Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm just trying. Let, let's me listen, I'm, you've been watching football for a long time now. You done been around the game for a long time. You play the game at a very high level. You, you won, you won. So you won a Super Bowl. You won super Super Bowls. You are a hall of Famer. Huh? You know the game, you know the game. You understand the game. You know, it's a week to week basis when it comes to the playoffs. Now, you know, the Bronco do not match up anywhere at any position with the Buffalo Bill.


So why do you have this, this sense of hope for the Broncos tomorrow? I don't understand it. You, you acting like a hopeless romantic. No matter how many times I've broke and had my heart broken, I still believe in love, Love for me. Now, I, I believe In, wait, say it again. No matter how many times I've had my heart broken, I believe in love. Right? Someone to kiss, someone to miss. Hey, listen, It's gonna be a good game tomorrow though. And I'm, I'm hoping, I'm, I'm hoping Bo Nicks can make it interesting. I'm hoping Sean p can make it, make it interesting. I'm excited to watch Marvin Mims and Cortland Sutton and, and Washington Boys do something, man.


But something about that guy that number 17. Oh yeah. He's unbelievable. He playing that he playing. Oh. And, and listen man, listen. I am excited though. It's gonna be a good one.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's any challenge script with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Amers, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the postseason run This weekend. Three teams with better records than their playoff opponent will hit the road in the wild card round. That's, that is nothing new. As the league playoff seating has always rewarded division winners with a home game, right? But like many years in the past, the league will again review its playoff seating format this off season sources tell CBS sports, the owner has always preferred the current format, but there could be an appetite for change that reward teams with a better record with a home playoff game game.


That's not right. That's the whole purpose of winning your division, right? So now, because, because oh, we got a 1515, we got a a what? A a a 14 win team that's on the road, right? Really? So like we haven't had that before. They didn't win that division. It happens Ocho it's not often that you have a 15 win team and, and you have a a 14 win team in the same division, right? Derrick Henry is the first guy to rush for at least 1900 yards and not win the Russian title. So what are we gonna do now? Go back and look at strength of schedule.


No, he didn't win. Somebody had more wins. Okay. It's what it's, y'all gotta stop NFL stop this. Yeah, I think y'all have done enough to the rules and everything. Now y'all want to take, now y'all want to take the onside kickout, Listen, and you know what they, you know what their excuse will be. Everything that we're doing is for the betterment of the game to improve, to improve the game. Now what they've done so far, and I mean no disrespect, I understand safety and wanting to protect the players, but also protect the shield is you are watering down the game of football and what football was known and played as. Yeah, it's not the same.


It's it's not the same. And you continue to, you continue to, it's like getting surgery. It's like you see a woman that, that continues to get surgery over and over and over when the body of work was perfectly fine. Yeah. Keep messing with God's work and now you look like a goddamn a pink. And that's the thing. O ocho I mean, pretty soon. So pretty soon we'll take the punt out. I mean, you're taking a kickoff out. Just take the punt out. Take the onside kick. You've already done whatever they that, I don't know what they call that new kickoff rule where the right, the the guy, you can't move until the guy catch the ball. Right? Ocho I mean ocho you playing an inherently dangerous game.


Yeah. I don't care. Listen, I don't care how many airbags you add. I don't care the seatbelt, I don't care if you add carbon fiber or whatever you add when you drive at a high rate of speed, things happen. Yeah. I, I don't care. So when you play the game of football and you take a big man and he runs into a bigger man at a high rate of speed, that's not what the human body was meant to do. Right? You right. So you are at, so it's gonna happen. You trying to make an inherently dangerous game safe. I don't know how You can't, you can't. I'm not sure why they can't get that through their skulls.


It's impossible. Not only is it impossible, the dimensions of the field, they haven't changed yet. No. But the players playing in today's game, bigger, gotten faster. Listen, they gotten bigger. They gotten faster, they gotten stronger, but the dimensions of the field haven't changed. So that means at a high rate of speed when running the c the collisions are still the same. Exactly. Now you tell them, well, you can't hit people in a certain way. You can't leave with your head. Well how else do you tackle? You don't tackle what you face. Hell no, You don't tackle with your face. You gonna get somebody, somebody gonna break their damn neck. But guess what, Ocho and you've increased the game. You've gone from 12 to 16 to 17 about to go to 18.


Yeah. But you wanna make the game safer. No. The more times you do so the more times you get on the interstate and drive, the greater your risk are for a car wreck. So the more times you add games to it, there's a greater chance players are gonna get hurt. Yeah. Hey listen, it's just, it's just common sense. It's the, it's the law of average, Right? I think the league, the league should just come out and say, listen, we're doing all that we can. You Making as much money as we can, Making as much, there we go. You took the words right outta my mouth. That's it. Because that's the bottom line at the end of the day anyway, that's in any business, especially a business like this, especially a million dollar business like this, at the end of the day, we're trying to find ways to make as much money as possible.


And if adding games is gonna be it, so be it. Yeah. And I, and I'm and I'm okay with that because that's, I mean, you can't, you can't, you can't, since we wanna make this safer under, the guys will say, well look at the rules. But you add more games, you increase guys' chance of getting injured by you, by playing. I mean, look, you keep running across the street sooner or later, some bad gonna happen, don't you? You keep crossing the bid at the intersection, something's gonna happen eventually, right? Oh yeah. You can only tip fate so many times. Yeah, I get it. The kickoff is yes, you got big guys running at a high rate of speed and got, look, I get all that. I understand it and I understand trying to make the game safe, but you can't say I'm trying to make this game safe on one hand, adding games on the other hand, by the same token, as you mentioned, the dimensions of the field hasn't changed or the roster size.


Yeah. So what about that? Yeah. Are you gonna add more now? Of course not ocho. Because if you add five more players, that's a couple of extra million dollars that the owners are gonna have to pay. Have to pay it. Yeah. I'm trying to, I'm, I'm confused. Yeah. Oh we'll give y'all more practice. Squad players, man. The practice squad players now they listen. I mean they wasn't making eight, nine, what, what a practice squad player make maybe $10,000 a week. Good money. Get out there. Practice something you love more than you going, I promise you it's more than you gonna make on a job. If you got a degree, you, you got your degree, some guys have their degree. By the time they graduate, you're probably not gonna go make 1, 1 70 $200,000 on your first job.


Nah. So, hey, I gotta play football, blah blah, blah. Hey, I gonna get called up. Hey, who knows what might happen. Somebody might, hey, somebody might sign me to the active roster. Then I get a man guarantee. But if something gotta change, if y'all keep adding these games, you got to add, you got to add the, the roster size, you got to increase it. It's only fair. Yeah. What do we got? Practice squad players could earn between twelve thousand five hundred and twenty one thousand three hundred depending on the experience level. Rookies and second year player earn a minimum of 12,500 a week.


O Really? That's really, I was on the acting roster. They make that I paid 63,000 a year. You Oh, that, that was back in the day. Now you played 37 years ago now. So, you know, I don't give a damn. They cheated. I want restitution veterans with at least three years of experience can earn a minimum of 16,800 with a max of 21,300. So, hey, a, a practice squad player can legitimately make three, four outta five. Yeah. And I was, I was first team all pro. It made 3 25 Long time ago.


Boy, five times, times have changed. But look, but Look, but look how, look what, look how God has blessed you now. Boy. I ain't complaining. Yeah. Yeah. I want back pay though. Well listen, if you getting back pay, then I need, I need to file a lawsuit. Hey, because I want, I want all my fines back. All my fines. I need to, I need to talk to Merton Hanks, I need to talk to Paul Tagliabue. I need to talk to Roger Ell, everything you find me for that is now celebrated and allowed. I need my money back. Hey. Nah, I I, hey, that money I done jacked that money off anyway. So aint ain't no sense, ain't no sense to be lying on you. Don't gimme that because I Hey, the little money I had, I I I, there wasn't no saving back then.


Yeah, I feel you. It wasn't no Back then I got a question. What's That? Anybody ever really looked into where that fine money goes? They say it goes to charity. Have we asked these charities, are they really literally getting the money that they take from us? Or is somebody pocketing it at But Here's the thing though. You don't get to write it off though. Yeah, They write it off. Yeah. That, you know, think, if I'm not mistaken, I think they just gave $5 million for the, the, the fire department. The NFL did. Didn't they give $5 million? That's probably your fine money. Some of it. Yeah. See you said it, it goes somewhere. I just don't know who it's lying in somebody pocket.


Yeah, you're right, you're right. But that's all I'm saying. If, if, if, if you're gonna keep increasing games, you're gonna have to increase roster size. You got to, you gotta go to, So you gotta go to a 50 51 man roster game day roster. Right. And maybe even a 50, maybe even a 53 56 roster during the course of the week. Keep 18, 16, 18 practice squad guys. I get that. That's fine. Yeah. But to, to, to ask the players to play this many more games. Ocho Yeah. Now eventually, you know, they're gonna add an 18 to the playoffs too though.


Yeah, of course. Oh, that's coming. You know what that does? That's More what money? There's, that's the only way. What else can you sell? Yeah. Not adding, you're not adding another, there's not another team. So you're not gonna get that six, $7 billion to split up between the owners. Right. So the only way these streaming services, Netflix, Amazon, they'll pay, but you gotta give them something to pay for For, right. The game was on Amazon. The first game was on Paramount Plus. Right. These streaming platforms, they got buku money and they're in a lot of homes.


180 countries, Netflix, Amazon, give them something. What would y'all be willing to play for a payoff playoff game? A hundred Bill, what if we give you two? Would you give us 1 75 for two? But you discount a 25 Give you something. Yeah. Give you something, don't you? Yes, sir. And that's, and, and so I, I don't have a problem. I want, I want the league to make as much money as you they possibly can. I want the players to make as much money as they possibly can. But you have to understand by adding this, give the players, give more players an opportunity.


Yeah. It's so, I, I promise, I promise you owners, y'all ain't gonna go broke if you add three, if you add three to five more players to the active roster, you're not gonna go broke. I promise. They not, they listen, they not gonna go broke. But you have to understand owners, at the end of the day, they don't want to pay that much money. I dunno. They wanna keep, they, they wanna keep making money, but they don't want players keep taking pieces of the pie. Right. That they don't want, they want to add the games. Well That's why they y'all, that's why they locked y'all ass out in 2011. Oh yeah, I remember that Happening. The power was upside down. The players got 52% and the owners got 48%. Yeah. So they changed the door and locked y'all out.


I remember that. And guess what? Not a pies flipped. But basically, yeah, they get like tv, but they still get to sell local television, television, local radio, local sponsorship. Y'all see all, y'all see all those sponsorships up in the stadium? Hey, speak. Hey, speaking of, speaking of sponsorship, how much do you think it would cost to have my name instead of it be Paycor Stadium? What if I wanted to Bengal Stadium, it'd be Chad Johnson Stadium. How much would would That be? Maybe I'll make you do it for a minimum of 10 years. Okay, but how much would that be? Probably 50 to a hundred million.


Oh hell dang. Can you imagine that? Could you imagine if I had the, the could the, the the money or just the liquid or the assets to have the naming rights to the Bangal stadium? That would be, that would be dope. I don't want that if I got that kind of money. No, people say nothing. Like I was reading this thing the other day and a guy said, if you got 25 million, you got f you money. Right. I won't go to hell money. I wanna be able to tell somebody go to hell. I want you go to hell. Right. Right, right, right. So I think you need like a hundred mil to be able to do that.


You gonna be comfortable. Yeah. Comfortable. I wanna be comfortable sitting on a I like it. I like it. It That's when I'm gonna retire. Ash Jordan, it's been fun. Wait, you out, you out. Nah, Nah, nah, nah, nah. Y'all will keep running it. Y'all. You could be in charge. You could be in charge. You can be in charge. Ash, you got that If you money your I I didn't tell y'all about that big farm as mom. Them got What happens?


She got a farm. Big one. What? So she gonna get the mini cows and stuff. Oh, any the farm. It's a ranch. She sold, she sold it. She sold one. Got a little smaller one. Say it was, you know, she got, they got working hands and everything. Woo. Ash got that money. Boy, Ash, no. Okay. Got that money. Ash got all, Ash got that. But you weren't doing because she work hard. I give her credit now. She does work hard. Yeah, that's what thing. Ash is very money motivated. Yeah. Yes. There we go. She's very motivated and I like that.


Also, check this out. Atlanta f fired defensive coordinator Jimmy Lake. After disappointing season at the decided of the ball, the team announced today Lake had been with the Falcons for just a single season coming over from the Rams with first year Atlanta. Coach Raheem Morris Lake was an assistant coach, assistant head coach with the Rams in 2023. Previously he was head coach at the University of Washington Atlanta finished with a eight nine record, missed the playoffs after starting six and three. Its Best start since 2016. Team Super Bowl season after week 18, overtime lost to the characters on Sunday. Morris was visibly upset with how the team's defense performed.


It allowed 44 points. Morris said he was really shocked that the defense didn't come out to play over the course of the season, the thousand July, the highest quarterback completion percentage in NFL at 70%. And the second most touchdown passes with 34 Atlanta's finished second to last in the NFL with sacks 31 and quarterback pressures at 28.1%. Well see there, there's a problem right there. You just said it, you finished second to last in quarterback pressures and in Sachs, and then you expect Jesse Bates, a j Terrell, Justin Simmons, and I'm not sure who's on the other side of a j Terrell, but you expecting to cover people all damn day, all damn day long. Quarterback Completed 70% of the passes.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and it's, it's surprising that a coach would get fired with some of the names that they just said that they have on that defense. It's, it's surprising. But that starts also upfront. Yeah. That's starting with who am my front for? Who's putting the Pressure? You got Grady Jarret, Matthew Ju on, I like Grady Jarret solid. Matthew Ju did not have the season that he kind, I guess he expected to have. Right. But you're gonna have to, you're gonna have to go out and be a major player in the free agent market. Yeah. You're gonna have to go, Hey, what do you play Tre, Trey Hendrickson's gonna probably be available. Yeah. You go and, and you know, in Fred.


So you gotta overspend, you gotta overspend in. Oh yeah. That's just, that's just the rule of thumb. Every, every, every time. Every time. And, and mo and most of the time you, most of the time some of the players you're gonna have to over sue for. You get your money's worth though. Yes. Time that the players, you get your money's worth. Because look, a lot of times that guy's already established in the community. He has a foundation sometimes, not all. Sometimes they have wife, they have kids that's already enrolled in school. So they've already en and entrenched themselves in the community. Now you want him to pull that up, pull that fabric up and leave. Well what's it work till you gonna have to cost you?


Because you gotta talk to Mo, Hey, you know we gotta move. It's like, damn baby, we just settled. Gotta talk. You know? But I Talked to you gotta talk to the wife. Yes. You know. But listen, that that, that's, that's the scary thing about being a coach. Not only being a coach, but being a married coach with that, being a player, being a married player at that. Especially if you're not, not one of the ones. If you're not one of the ones at any moment, at any time, if a season dunk doesn't go right and doesn't go the way it should go and you get fired now you gotta go home. You gotta explain to your wife, you know, baby, right now I'm out of work. I'm out of work and we might have to uproot everything.


Move kids, gotta find another school. You have to find another job. Unless you're a stay at home mom. Yeah. You know everything. You gotta start over. You gotta start all over. That has to be tiresome. Yeah. Culture is like the military Ocho. You already know you gonna move. Right. And you gonna move a lot. You gonna be in Germany, you gonna be in Guam, you gonna be in Japan, you gonna be in all over the place. You gonna be in in California, you're gonna be in Florida, you gonna be in Georgia, Texas. You're gonna be all you understand that also, if you a Pentecostal minister, if gonna move right, if you a coach, you are going to move. I don't give damn how great you are. Coach Belichick, coach Belichick started out, look at, he was in Detroit.


He was in the the Giants. He's with Cleveland. He in North Cleveland. He Cleveland, he's with the Patriots. Then he went to the jet and now he was the Patriot. Now he's in North Carolina. You're gonna have to move. Yeah. You're going to have to move even. Yeah. Most of the coaches, Andy Reid, Andy was in San Francisco, then he went to Green Bay, then he went to Philly with, to Phil, I in Kansas City, City you gonna move. You gotta love what you do. You gotta really have a passion for coaching and love what you do. To be able to do that, You gotta find a partner that's also okay with that And understanding Long hours. So don't get, don't go start dating coach.


I ain't know I was going, huh? Yeah, It's just like, look, if you marry a quarterback, the really good ones. Yeah They devoted to that thing. They spend so much time with that clicker and so that's what you, you know you ma, you ma, he's married to the game. You married to him, married to the game. Right. And you understand that. Yeah. But you had the found 'cause I'm not surprised. Hey Mr. Blank, you should have just went ahead and gave those two first rounds and got Lamar. Now Lamar, you wouldn't have had no Problem. Lamar 28. Hell, can you imagine Michael Phix Jr.


Is 24. He four years younger. Lamar done been in league damn this seven, eight years. Can you just imagine just the thought just and you Took him away from Baltimore. Chad, look at his chat. Like close your ass real quick. And just imagine Lamar Jackson wearing that eight in Atlanta. Mm mm mm And that city would be upside down man. Upside down. Oh well The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason de me here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we'll get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on LA tablet. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us joining with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.