
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk four page is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have half. Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family district of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


OCHO Warren Sapp, our boy spoke about the unanimous NFL coaching coach. Talking about shado. Let's take a look at what SAP had to say. And then we talking about a quarterback coach who's not a decision maker. Wants to make that call about our quarterback. Yeah, do I've been working for the last 48 hours to get his name. If I get his name, oh buddy, we gonna do a deep dive into his life. He he gonna wish he had never did. If you're not a decision maker, shout off. And if he doesn't understand what it is to be the baby of a family like that, he has all Bucky and, and Shiloh's strengths and his sister and none of their weaknesses.


He's the day walker. Yeah. You ain't gonna find no more loyal guy than sap. I've been knowing SAP for a minute and anytime he call or answer the same, I answer the phone the same way. What the hell you want that man? I told, I told, I told such and such that you was gonna say that way. I said yeah, I'm always gonna say that, but he's right. I mean, look, and it's always happened at some point in time, Tcho, there gonna be somebody I don't like the way he tied his shoes. I don't like the way he didn't hustle on this play. I mean that's the whole job of the combine. The combine. Chad, stay with me for just a second.


The combine job isn't to build you up, it's to break you down. It's to tell you about all your flaws and why you shouldn't go where you go. You not fast enough. He's not big enough. The point of attack, he gets lost in, You know, his transition isn't good. He's not good with his eyes. He is not good with his hands. Oh, his arms are too short. You know what I'm saying? Ocho, he don't play with a low center of gravity. They telling you all the things. The guy tell me what he can do. Dammit. Because I gotta take somebody out here. So what can they do? You telling me everything that he can do? I need something. Tell me what he can do and then we can go from there.


Yeah, and listen, the cut the combine is a trip. I, I know it's about, You know, your measurables, your intangibles and all those things. How fast, how far you can jump, how how far you can, You know, do all these things to me, unc, the, the, the, the, the combine really doesn't matter. I think that's why some people choose not to do it and they wait till they do their pro day because what can you do when you turn on the film? That's what I wanna see. That's it. If I was a scout, if I was a gm, if I was the owner, let me see your film. I don't care what you can do in shorts because the game of football at the highest level, kids in play date and in shorts and a t-shirt. It's just not, it's just not right now. You know, watching when you watching you run and do drills. Yeah. That's all cute, You know, that's cool.


But an instruction environment, when it comes something to playing, you ain't running Like that Uhuh at at all. It's just wants to see. Hold on, hold on. Tell see to cut, cut some watermelon. Tell I said now tell him now. 'cause daddy's working. Okay. That's the Thing though, huh? But but, but that's the thing. I mean, I promise you Chad, I know y'all don't wanna believe this, But The greater the athlete, the more arrogant and the more confident that that individual is. He believe it's ish, don't stay. He believe he can walk on water.


He believes he can park the Red Sea. He believes he can, he can heal the sick. That's the mentality that you have to have. Do you understand? So you don, you don, they don't A lot, a lot of times when it comes down to, to players, to individuals, the talent is not that much different. It's the mindset in which they display that talent. Yeah, it is. I don't think people understand that. Now I think this is what people get confused too. Huh? When you think about players that are elite, the first thing they'll say, well, Tom Brady wasn't cut cocky. Tom Brady wasn't arrogant. Arrogant. But may I, that's, that's why on the outside, that's why on the outside looking at, I wish people actually knew them, not the masks that they put on when it's time to talk in front of their camera that about new them.


You feel me? Right. Man, there's a reason why they're so great. There's a reason. Believe what, when people talk about Michael Jordan, what they say that Joe compete in everything he don't like to lose. Yeah. The great players bubby Bri to beat John Elway on his food table. John sold the pool table. That's what Grace do, man. I'm telling you Joe. Hey John sold the pool table, huh? Yep. I mean that, that's what Tom said. Y'all, y'all remember when, what was it? The play gate and they had some messages and they leaked Tom messages.


What'd he say? I'm playing the best football of my life. Hey Peyton, on his last legs, he about to be done. Right? That's the what you think Kobe thought. You thought Kobe, Kobe thought he would like the rest of the guys in the NBA. You think LeBron James actually think he liked the rest of the guys? You think Jordan Magic Bird? Do you think the entrepreneurs, the actors. So you think Denzel think he's just like any other actor? Is that what you think? Viola Davis think Meryl Streep, they're just like anybody else Stop it. Stop it. You think Dr. Neil tro You think James Andrews Anderson?


You think they just, they they think they're just like any other orthopedic Really? Is that what y'all think? Y'all don't think that, y'all don't think that it's a mindset And you got to have it to be successful. Yes. Got you. Got to have it. And that's what I, when people, people, what's the I I, I don't know. I don't know what they, I i I just know 'em how they treat me. And most time athletes treat other athletes well. I mean, hey, hey, hey, such and such man, my mom is here. Can you, can you meet my mom? Can you meet my dad? Can you meet my, okay, sure. Yep.


But you gotta have that, you gotta have a belief that I'm a bad mofo. Got to. I believe I'm the baddest. That's the mindset. You have to have to be great. The greater you are, the bigger your ego, the greater you are, regardless of what you do. Let it be sports, let it be entertainment. The greater you are, the bigger the ego. Yeah. Every time. So with that being said, and look, I I what?


So what do want, what what do want the man to say? He don't believe he is good. He don't believe he can turn a franchise around. I mean, I, I'm trying, I I help me understand little Joe. What is he supposed to say, right? That I don't believe? Yes. I went to, I went to the HBCU turned that program around. Look at him. We are on, we are A-D-S-P-N. We are only ES, espn. They, I, if I'm not mistaken, I think they might have had college game day down there one day. Okay? Yeah. I go to Colorado. Remember what Colorado was before we got there? Turned them around. Turn that around. So why shouldn't I believe I can't have that same level of impact or influence on an NFL team?


You got to have that kind of confidence. You got to, Who goes into something thinking, man, I might fail. Well, that's what's gonna happen. You already done put that bull drive in your ear. Well, most of the time, You know, a lot of people want you to be humble, huh? Because it makes them uncomfortable. No, because you have that don't mean that's I fear what you fear just because you afraid to be successful, right? You afraid to follow your dreams. You try to poo on mine. You try to hold, oh, you think you better? No, you was good, but you didn't think you were good enough. I think I'm good enough. I don't need to be better.


I just need to be good enough. Now what? Now you mad at me because I'm living out my dreams. I followed my passion. You didn't follow yours. You let somebody talk. You trick you outta your spot. Yeah, man, you can't do that. You can't go there. You can't be this. And you believed them That I listened to the one when people told me, Shannon, I couldn't go to college. And if you go to college, you can't go to the NFL. If you NFL, you just gonna be a guy. I listen to the one person that when everybody's told me what I couldn't do, I listen to the one person that told me what I could do. Me. Because At the end of the day, what you telling me?


So what impact are you gonna have? Are you gonna catch passes? Are you gonna block, are you gonna run these routes? These are you going to get in front of this camera, Right? Five times a week for Nightcap, first take and come up? Are you gonna be able to do all this? No, you're not. So why would I, why, why could f am I listening to you, man? Please. As a matter of fact, now that I think about it, you watching me? Why the hell would I listen to you? You're watching those that can do those that can't talk about those that can Mm. Say I'm gonna you I liked that one.


I like that one. I ain't telling you nothing I couldn't do, did it? Mm. But I'm not finna let you tell me just because you didn't do, just because you didn't follow your dreams, you didn't follow what you wanted to do. And somebody talked you out of that. Why would I ever listen to you? Do you understand where I came from? Even if I don't, oh, if I don't accomplish a a anything else in my life, right? I am a huge success by any stretch of the imagination. That's if I don't accomplish anything else. If my, if something unforeseen, God said, well, Shannon, my faithful servant, come on home.


Mm. Ain't nobody tell Shannon Sharp, he wasn't a success. Can't nobody tell my family? No. Can't nobody tell my kids my loved ones. Anybody. Can't nobody tell if Shannon Sharp wasn't a success. Right? Because they saw where she came from and they saw where he ended up. See, a lot of times people measure success, but what you did, you measure success by overcoming what you thought you couldn't do. So every time, hey, it got hard. It was cold. That's all right.


My grandma used to always tell no matter what happened, and it was got bad at time, my grandma say, boy, it take all that to make a man. Hmm. Barney, Mary Porter said, we raised men. Don't make no excuses. I don't make no excuse. I get it done. Get the job done, or I'm gonna do the best I'm gonna give you everything. If I couldn't, if I didn't get it done, You know, Shannon put everything he could into it. He just didn't get it done Right. But I agree with sap. I don't know why, but I, and I, but I told Timem this, I said, time it ain't, it's about you. See, they couldn't find flaws with you, so they take it out on your son.


You know what I'm saying? Don't your guy guys that were older than me, they couldn't bully my brother. So they tried to bully me. I ain't no easy win. You ain't trying to get no rep off me, my brother. Hey, you couldn't bully him that you gonna try to bully his brother that's three years younger. I pick up something and bust hell at you. Hey. Yeah. It is what it is. When talking about, man, you don fight Fair. What? It's a fight. Dumb dumb. Yep. A fight is not, I don't know. Last time I, have you ever seen a street fight that was sanctioned if they got a governing body for street fights? Nope. Greg a chair.


First thing gets your hands on. And the funny thing about it, You know, prime has your do prime got your door already ready for this? Yes. He been dealing with his whole life. He been having to deal with it his whole life because of who his father is. So I'm, I'm sure he is right. I know it doesn't bother him. He, he, he gonna be all right though. He gonna be all right. And I hope he does exactly what he said he gonna do. And stands on business by the comments that he made.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page Five, Dirk four Page is elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes, that's why. Absolutely love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen To Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say Orma Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is your app. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kera and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Damn. What happened? Well, we fixing to find out, hold up. What, what are these? What happened? A woman posted on Facebook. Anyone have interest in these or even know what they would be worth? Chad may want them back. I received these from 85 Chad Johnson Bengals 2006 New Year of New Year's Eve game. The shoes were later signed at training camp that I was, that I, that that was attended. I've tried searching for familiar items online and haven't found anything. Ojo, you signed those. Yeah. You want clea back? Ojo?


Yeah. Nah, nah, I don't want them back. I want that guy. I want that, that Hall of Fame jacket I made back. That's 1 0 1. I need that. The cleats is cool. Listen, you got, that's 2006 I was doing, You know, you see how they have cleats today? Yeah. My cleat, my calls my cleat or my, my, yeah, how, how you say it. Yeah, my calls my cleats. I mean, I've been doing my calls way back then in 2006, but I was getting fined from mine, You know, crate my own bangal cleats have, You know, having a little fun little Cleats. Yeah, you could only have two colors. You couldn't have three. But look, the NL is laxed a lot of rules. And I think, look, I I I like this. My calls my cleats for worthy calls. You auction the shoes off and it gets money goes to the charity that you're, you, you're trying to raise, raise awareness for, right?


And, and, and, and, and hopefully, You know, they sell the shoes and, and it goes for a, a large amount. I, so I like that. I like guys getting an opportunity to give back for a very worthy cause. But damn, y'all didn't gimme my money back and I donated, gimme the money y'all took off off me for having shoes. Talking about the shoes. Got three colors. Y'all let me, they all these men now they worked, first of all, I mean guys, now Ocho guys coming to the league, guys play special teams who might not even be active and got a cause Nice. Got Cleats. How you get, how you get, how you going to the shoe searching or how you going to this guy getting cleats made for $5,000 and you playing four plays a game.


I Like, damn, Come on. I'm just saying, don't you. That messed up man. Man, these dudes here. I want my money back. I wanna donate it. I got a word that calls that I wanna donate for. So gimme the money back that y'all took from me over the years. It's six figures, trust me. Oh yeah, absolutely. I sure, I sure wish I find money back. O Joe. The Bengals will let Trey Hendrickson seek a Trey. Teams are also calling about t Higgins. T got franchise. Hendrickson is going to leave. Chase wants to be the highest paid non quarterback.


I believe Chase wants, at least Chase want to be the first receiving to go 40 million. It's not gonna be good enough for him. Ocho to be 37, 38. He wants to be the first to break 40. Right? I mean, chase isn't A sign. The question I have for you is ownership doing enough to show Joe Burrow. Bro, we believe in you and we're gonna try to give you all the necessary equipment you, you need in order to win. Right? They haven't shown it yet. Can you hear me on, I wanna make sure I'm Yes. I okay. They haven't shown it yet, but, but I'm sure they will.


Joe Burrow seems like the type of quarterback and the type of person that doesn't play just by the way he carries himself. You're not gonna waste my time. I'm not gonna waste yours. I, I told you what I need behind the scenes. I asked that. Done, I told you I wanted Jamar Chase, you got me that. You got me t Higgins. Now you understand what I need offensively to be productive and to be consistent. Now we have lapses at the beginning of the season, but you see what happens once we turn it on and we get ourselves into rhythm, I need those, I need them here. People are mad about Trey Henderson, them allowing Trey Henderson to seek a trade or to, or or letting him go. Well if you look at a DeTrey hen Trey Henderson was there last year.


He led the Sachs, our defense was still abysmal. Yep. Hendrickson. Can you imagine what that defense would be like? I Henderson? Yeah, it was still bad. Hold on. I'm trying to think, who did they play the last game of the season and he went, oh, Pittsburgh. Yeah. Remember he played in Hendricks hand like three and a half, four sacks. Yeah, three and a half. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken. Yeah, he was balling, he Was balling last two years, he has 35 sacks. He had 17 and a half and 24 23 had 17 and a half and 24. So that's 35 sacks in two years. Yeah, I'm Just saying. And and guys like that. Them guys, hey, them guys don't grow on trees now They don't.


They don't. They don't. But they, but listen, you gotta, you gotta understand what do we going to do if you pay Trey Henderson? Somebody gotta go on that offensive side. Yeah. Not them allowing Trey to walk. Let we know that we might be a little bit closer to actually having T sign and Jam Marche sign. But again, oh, don't no joke. Know what are we gonna do defensively? Oh yeah. What? That's what needs to be addressed defensively. 'cause they put so much pressure on you Ocho to have to play like they have to play. They feel like they have to score every possession Oh lot. And so when you play like that ocho one mistake, you see Joe would have one mistake in a game.


Right? And it's the difference in the ball game, Right? So it's gonna be interesting to see, guess what they got into July 15th to get a long-term deal with a T, right? Because they signed the franchise tag. Chase ain't trying to wait till no July. Chase tried to get his money like yesterday. Guess what Chase trying to do? Darius Slay does not consider Jalen Hurtz one of the league's top quarterbacks. Let's take a listen to what Slay had to say about his quarterback, Jalen Hurtz, former the league Go to the top four guys. You know what I'm saying? I'm a, that's how I do elites and like a elite for me in the quarterback world is Joe borrow Mahomes.


Dang. Lamar. Lamar, yeah. And, and Josh Allen, them little elites, they got their own, You know what I'm saying? You putting Joe, you putting Hertz In that group? No, this, this is funny now. I just, I just talked about this on, on, on first tape. You know, when I, when I did my, I didn't say Elite, just the best quarterbacks right now in the NFL. Yeah. I, I, I went Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. Then I went Jalen Hurst simply because he just kept, he just coming off a Super Bowl. Then my third, I always, I I put Joe and I saw people upset about that. I'm basing it off the season that we just, that, that, that would just play.


And obviously people would be like, why would you put, why would you put Joe at Joe third? Lemme ask you this. Lemme Ask you this. Hold on. Hold I'm a bang. Go. I'm biased. I wanna hear, I wanna hear what you gotta say with this one. Go ahead. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm biased normally or how it should be based off the season. It should be Patrick Mahomes, Jaylen Hurts, Josh Allen, Lamar Jackson, then Joe Burrow. Am I correct or am I wrong? I think, I think he's looking at it like this. Right? If I took Josh Allen and put it with the Eagles, are they worse than, are they are with Jalen Hurtz? Are they're better If I take Joe Burr and put it with the Eagle Eagle, what Do, I'm sorry, I'm, I'm not, If I, if I put, if I put Joe Burrow, are they better or worse if I put Lamar Jackson?


I gave him the exact same team. He has Saquon, he has that defense, he has those receivers. Oh, that's not fair. If I put Patrick Mahomes, they got that same running back. They got that same receiver, they say at that same defense. Now I take Jalen Hurtz and I put the, I put him in any of those other guy system. What you thinking? It'd be completely different. It'd be different because then those other systems, those guys that asked to do things that Jalen Hurts, doesn't have to do with the Eagles three.


The problem is Ocho is that the ring culture has ruined it. Yeah, because we take a guy, okay, Joe Flacco got a ring. So now people believe that Joe Flacco is a better quarterback than Josh Allen, than Joe Burrow, Lamar Jackson, or anybody that did. And, and I just don't believe that. I don't believe Nick foes. Nick Foes is a Super Bowl. MVP Nick Foes isn't a better quarterback than Lamar. He's not, he's not a better quarterback than Joe Burr. He's not a better quarterback than Josh Allen. He's not, he's not a better quarterback than Dan Marino. He's not. Right, But because we've equated rings best No, not the way it goes.


I, I don't, I don't, that's not how I'll do it. I don't Now if you're talking about now when we're talking about great. I believe you can be great without having a ring where rings come into effect. Ocho Yeah. Is when you're talking about EST, great. T but it's not the end all be all because now you have to add other things all NBA all pro, all star Pro Bowl. You know what I'm saying? Ocho things of that nature. Offensive player of the year, defensive player of the year, things of that nature.


Did you play? How did you play? How long did you play? And how great were you? I mean, look, it's hard to take a situation like Guy was great from start to finish, right? Tom Brady was not great his first year. Peyton Manning was not great his first year, but boy ooh, those years in between, between the first and the last. So show they tore a lot of people ass up. Yeah. So that, that's just me. Look, everybody ha everybody has, everybody has their opinion on how they judge greatness. Ocho this is so subjective. That's your opinion. I look at it one way.


That's just me. A Dar Slay also named Reed Blanketship as a, the natural leader of the secondary shit. Slave depart Reed being around me and a lot of veterans before. I'm sure he can lead that group the right way. That's who I feel would be leading the group if it ain't in the building. He's a great damn leader. TJ Gardner Johnson saw this Responding vet's presence is always needed, don't get me wrong. But bro, what vet is needed when young guys can hold their own Q coop? You got a crazy doer in Reed and me and supporting Ca, Ringo, za Dre, Sam, Eli, Sidney, Tristan.


Stay with the youth. You ask me. I mean, I, I I kind, I agree. A veteran, a veteran presence is always good to have, especially in certain circum circumstances. Having that experience is, is a good thing. I think it's a good thing. And it, it is is one way for the young, for the young bucks to learn. I don't, I don't see it as a bad thing at all. You know? Are they arguing, going back and forth on Twitter? Yeah, I think he, I think he said that. I think CJ thought Slay would say he should be the, You know, I ain't getting that. Hey, last vet that replaced me helped y'all get to the door in the wild card round.


Remember that If we need a vet that played a lot to help us, she didn't learn from the last mistake, not a crash out, just keeping it real. Mm. He felt some type of way because Slate didn't say he should. Let's move on Ocho. Okay. Okay. Omarion says open relationships are the way, one reason being because there are only a few good men out, therefore women to Choose from. I would say for me, being open is important. And also, You know, the women just truly outnumber the men. You know what I mean? I love this conversation because I think we, men are open and honest that you don't want to have just one distinct for the rest of your life.


It gives a woman an opportunity to choose and to further understand a man. Because I think women don't really understand a man What you thinking ojo. It is a, it's a, it's a complicated, complicated conversation. Yeah. It's a conversation that's been been had year after year. It's like constantly beating a dead horse. You, you find what you like, you find someone that is like-minded like you with the same values and principles and, and, and morals. And you go from there. Women do outnumber men, the women that are looking for certain types of men, the one percenters.


It's only so it's only so many of them. There's Only so many. Very, very few of them. Not as many. Not as many as you think. Therefore they get to pick from whatever they want. It, it, it is tough out here. But yeah, I mean, it is, it's just tough in general. It's tough in general. Listen, I'm listen you go. Teachers on I'm out the game now. You know, I ain't got, I ain't got to worry about that. I'm out the game. Oh, oh boy. Out the game. He in the dr Yeah. My, I'm out the game bro. Days. See, I was down, I was down there at the MIA, the man said, well, Ocho, I said, man, I don't know Ocho.


He's supposed to show me around. Go to Twin Peaks. Ocho, you Miami. For real. I was, When Today, Oh wait until you were coming. I would've flew back home. No, you wasn't gonna fly back home. It's all good though. Hey, were you, were you still there or you left? I'm in Atlanta now. I damn Bro. I been to Houston, Miami now back in Atlanta. Oh. Back to back In one day. I went from Houston to Miami. Miami to Atlanta. Nightcap. Now hopefully I can three o'clock. I ain't slept today Three o'clock. But unc it's for, it's four.


It's almost Three o'clock. Yeah, now it is, it is almost four in the morning. Here is an hour ahead. Yes. Asante, Ashanti, excuse me. Ashanti says, never say never when it comes to spending the block, what I've learned is the never say never. That's Number one. And what's meant to be will be regardless of how you feel, what you think the timing, what the, what's in the universe for you will be there regardless. It's okay when it's genuine and you've grown, you can't be spinning the block and hitting your head on the same curb. You know what I'm saying? You have to grow from whatever the problem was earlier.


You have to grow from what, from that and mature and understand each other and have a mutual respect. And I think that's what made it special for us. Hmm. I like that. I like that. I mean that, listen, it is, it beautifully said, spinning the block at at at times. I I, I'd assume it'd be a great thing because it's obviously something that you're familiar with. Yes. So listen, I'm, I'm, I'm all for it. If it works for them, I'm happy for 'em. You just have to be careful. Ocho. Yeah. Sometimes familiarity breeds contempt.


Familiarity sometimes breeds contempt. People get comfortable around you and say or do whatever they feel they want to. Don't play like that. Yeah. Yeah. Until you get fed up. So you get fed up. I can't deal with it no more. Make some noise For the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five Dirk four Paige Is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad on my left 'em off my list, but I still like my list.


You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love It. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibing. Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You Forgot to say former Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather, McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented By Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


Alright, Ojo, we've already been an hour and 30 minutes in this thing, so now it's time for q and a to wrap it up. Hey. Hey. While I'm here in the Dr right I portable, you call it the portable wifi thing. I don't know what Portable wifi. Portable hotspot. So it makes it clear just Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, you got Airbnb or you in a hotel In this big ass Airbnb. What? It's 10 bedrooms. Okay. Yeah, I mean they should, I mean the, the wifi should be great over there, but you might have to get, you might have to get 'em what you call 'em. It's not, it's not, it's basically this place is, they had my wifi, I connected and it was laggy before we even started.


So I got my, I'm using my daughter's phone and using her hotspot with the wifi on top of that. And it still ain't right. Yeah, Well you probably have to do that, bro. What's it called again? Call them What? That the hotspot? No, I'm saying the portable thing. You can buy from like a Best Buy or something. Oh, Joy. What? What is the portable thing that you can get better Internet service that you can buy from Best Buy or something. Oh, you gotta go to his, George said you gotta go to a Verizon or T-Mobile. And what'd I ask for? What do you ask for? What's it called? We gotta go to, just go to Boost Mobile. Hey, Boost Mobile. We need you to send a, what is it called?


A mobile hotspot. Okay, that's what I needed. Mobile hotspot. Okay. Yeah. So what you need to do is that you need to travel with it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I, I'll do that. Hey Ash, that's your responsibility. Alright. I, I ain't get my sign either. You didn't go to your grandma house? I went to my grandma house before I left to come to the DR with the kids. It wasn't there. Yeah, it was because somebody signed for it. They dropped it off. But nice try though. I promise you. Huh? Big Mike said people hate what they can't understand.


True. Kevin said, well, SHA doer be a top five quarterback if his, if he, if this was last year's class and what quarterback would you compare him to? Doesn't matter. He's not in that class. Kevin. He's in this class. Just imagine if I'd have graduated 87. I'd probably been the best player in the country, but I graduated in 86. Imagine if I'd come out in 91, but I came out 90. You can't do hypothetical in a situation like that. Right. All I know is extremely accurate. He can throw receivers open, which you need to be able to do in the NFL, which is throw guys open because you have to have great anticipatory skills because if you don't, Ocho guys are not gonna be running scot-free like they do in college.


Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. And so is he the most athletic? He No, he's not Lamar, he's not Caleb Williams. He's not Jane Daniels. He is not Kyle Murray. He's none of them. He's more Tom Brady as far as mobility Peyton Manning than he is to the guys that I mentioned before. But Tom Brady played all those years. Peyton played all those years. Drew Brees played all those years. Philip Rivers played those years. Yeah. The question is, do you believe he can play? Do you believe he can lead your franchise?


He's only played quarterback. Arthur Murray Jr. Said, which would you rather Carnival or Mardi Gras? I never been to any, but I heard Carnival that thing be like that. Yeah, carnival Carnival is nice. I like Mardi Because I see, I be seeing some of the women and how they be over there. I say Yeah, yeah, that, that, that, that. That'd be me right there. Yeah. Hey, That'd be me, New Orleans with me all day. I'm Mardi Gras all day. You at you Mardi Gras on the carnival? Nah, you miss me bro. All day. All day. I got the experience.


Just a little bit of the New Orleans culture at Super Bowl Carnival. Hey Chad. What y'all think Carnival or Mardi Gras? Well they probably, they probably gonna pick Carnival 'cause they, You know, they wanna see the women in all. Listen, I'm, I like New Orleans. What I got a chance to experience that was live. I enjoyed that. J 2 1 3. Hi uncle Old show. Hope Paul as well. Who are some musicians that we lost to early? I feel like Aaliyah is the big one. Be blessed. Sam Cook, Otis Reddy. Who else? Hey, what, what's the Jimmy Hendrix?


Amy Winehouse. Amy Winehouse. Oh, Marvin Gaye. Marvin Gay. Yeah. Oh hell. Prince Michael. Yeah. I, yeah. They they were relatively young. Yes. Yeah. Who? Whitney. Whitney. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Whitney. Hey, when the last, when the last time, Hey chat. When the last time you listened to Amy Winehouse music man. Tupac Biggie. Yeah. You listen to Amy Winehouse on Yeah. They tried to make me go to rehab. I said, no, no, no. Oh man, man, that woman had a voice man. That woman I saw, I saw the document of that thing broke my heart.


Oh Joe Love her music. It broke my heart. Love her. That woman know she can sing. Jeez. Yeah. Really good album. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Hey fam. Unc Regina Hall was on Jimmy Kimma Tuesday night and she's having problems with raccoons in the house. Don't you love raccoons? Maybe you can come over there. Save the day. Be her superhero. Just joke. I love y'all. You know what doc, now that you bring to my attention, You know I got a trap out and back. Now It is. Slap a little sticker. Hey, rip me a pickup from U from U-Haul.


Slap aside. Test, You know, rodents, vermins, whatever you want to call them. I get rid of them. Hey, how you doing? How Long you had these problems? Where did you notice it? Right, right. Because Normally they're nocturnal so they're really active at night. Okay. Oh, so is that when you hearing 'em? Most of the time. 'cause they, most of the time raccoons sleep during the day. Huh. Interesting. Lay into it. Maybe I should stay, maybe I should stay over to make sure that you don't hear 'em tonight. Lemme stop. You know how they gonna be ba bad? No, I'm just a Chad.


I'm just, I'm just, I'm just kidding. Manifest manifested. No manifested. Oh no hojo. But seriously, here's the thing that you have with pest animals are are territorial. Yeah. So if you remove them and you don't close off where they came in, another set of come. Yeah. So animals are very squirrels, raccoons, they know, Hey man, that house over there, hey, they left. Hey, we can take up a shop there. So that's the thing that you have to have happen is that if you have a, an infestation of animals, have them removed and then have the area in which they came in have that closed off.


Because if you don't, if you remove those and don't close off where they came in, don't worry about it. Give it a couple days, some more. Be right up back in there. I ain't tell you what somebody tell you. I'm telling you what I know. O Joe.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Ah, y'all know me. Your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp. That's the Liberty City legend of Bing. A ring of Fame to re the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell family, friends, and loved ones to do likewise and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. We know it was late tonight, but You know, we have to do what we have to do. And thank you for your support and we appreciate your continued support. Check out Shade by La Porter. We do have it in stock. If you can't find it, any city or state near you, just ordered online, we'll ship it directly to you. What better way to celebrate the greatness of 2025 than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter?


Please drink responsible, be safe go. Followed by media company on all of its platform. She, Shea Media and my clothing company with 84 being spelled out, we have a inventory that just restocked the entire inventory restock and our Super Bowl show shirts and hats. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Guess what? When they're gone, they're gone. Because this is a limited release. So please get grab yours while supplies last. Thank you Ricky Ross for joining us. The biggest boss, his Millennium Tour starts tomorrow in Louisville, Kentucky, but it also has stops in Atlanta, New York and Chicago. Make sure you go check that out.


Lemme see. Give you the info about the tickets one more time. I think it's TC ccp tickets.com. TCP tickets.com. Yep. No BPC tickets.com. Tickets for the Millennium Tour, headlined by Rick Ross bpc tickets.com. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm unc, he's ocho. We will see you on Sunday. The Volume, every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best.


The filet fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo Fish, big Mac tenent piece, McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price. Bottom up, Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five dirt. Four Peja is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we tap these conversations. That's why we have. I love It.


Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everyone?


Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.