
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we start it together. Watch the Today Show Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Spring Is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay, and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


Oh, tasty high note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I am practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this leaf blower, PayPal could pay for your purchase. The great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary End July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 and eligible purchases per cart.


The Volume,


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the draftking sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello? Hello, hello. Let's get Welcome to another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me. Your favorite up. The guy at the bottom of the Liberty City legend, the Bengal Ring of Fame. Artie, the promo of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for supporting Nightcap with UNC and ocho. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support. I can't thank you enough for your support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it, if it's not located in a city or a state near you, order it online.


We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company PLA page on all of his platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked, the link is pen at the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone guys, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Our eight stops are Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@sheshamedia.com slash tour. That's shesha media.com/tour. The link is pinned in the chat.


Guest lineup is shaping up real nice guys, you don't wanna miss out on this. Go get your tickets now. Bounce back. Now what I'm talking about, the Lakers beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 94 85. The series is now tied 1 1 1 as it shifts to Minnesota for the next two games. Luca was one assist short of a triple double 31, 12 and nine. LeBron 21, 11 and seven AR 16, five and five. Rui 11 and five got a balanced effort on show. Yeah, that's what we needed. I knew two of the big three had to go off. Yeah, I mean I'm saying big three but I'm saying either Luca, LeBron or ar.


LeBron or Luca and ar. But two of those guys had to have great dates and we got that and then we got Officer Reeves with sensational like dealing with the ball. Hey, he get a big out there on him. He drag him. Yeah. Every time. Laid that lazy lip. Yeah. Every time Drake, Julius Randall played exceptional. Well, so did that. Julius Randall was a man of, I mean he's a load. Yeah, he's a load. And I don't know why y'all let him get to that left hand because he's left hand dominant and most lefthanded players, what do they wanna do? Ojo. Get to that left. Get to the left. Every time. Every time. What if you, if if in as, as a, as a football player we're taught, never let a quarterback escape to his dominant hand.


Yeah. So if he's left right-handed, make him roll left, go left. If he lefthanded, make him roll. Right. Well and it's the same thing. Try to make James Harden. Try to make Julius Randall make him go left. Make him go right. Keep him by the way, a dominant hand. But this is what the Lakers needed. Have a little lu there in the fourth quarter, but they got it together. Made some big time played. I was happy to see LeBron rebound like this because we hadn't seen it rebound like this in a while, considering that growing and we talked about it Ocho. Yeah. The one thing that you don't wanna do is anything sudden when you got a soft tissue issue injury. Yes sir. And he's nursing that back trying to get it back. But he got a couple days off now. So he should be fully rested and ready to go when the head to Minnesota, the Lakers win 94 85 series Now tied one one.


Yeah. As it shift back to the, the, what did they call it? 10 land of 10,000 Lakes, Minnesota. Oh Joe, you watching this game? Tell me what what you, what what you liked about what you saw from The lake Shoot. The goddamn intensity. They act like they wanted to play tonight. Unc. They act like they wanted to be there. There was intensity on both sides of the court. Most, most importantly, they played defense. They played defense. Luca was gonna do what Luca does. LeBron showed up tonight, obviously didn't have a good game won. Most of them didn't have a good game. One outside of goddamn Luca, but they played good in transition offensively crashing the boards. LeBron obviously he must be feeling much better 'cause I haven't, we haven't, we haven't seen him rebound like this tonight. You know, all over the place outside of that man ar they, a combination of players need to play well tonight because of what they did in game one and not playing so well collectively as a group.


But ar showed up, bro showed up, Lucas showed up and everybody else contributed in a, in a, in a, in a small manner. So this is, this is what you get. You get a Tide series, but they got to keep this up. Huh? They got to keep up that momentum and consistency that we saw tonight. If I'm not mistaken, I think the Lakers were shooting 61% at the half. I could be wrong, but correct me if I'm right. They cooled off a little bit, but they were. Yeah. Yeah. But man, man, that that, that, that first half was beautiful and to extend the game to the point where it was at the half and getting the lead that they did have did have that lu in the fourth quarter. Didn't hurt 'em much, much Heard. No, I'm, I'm trying, I'm pulling up the box score ocho. Yeah.


Do you look at the difference, the difference in, in game one compared to game two for the of the T wolves right. Only two players in double figure. Remember who that Jaden Daniels was perfect for damn near perfect from the three point line Nas Reed damn near perfect from the three point line. Yeah. So you had two guys that gave you exceptional play from the three point line on the offensive end of now you only had two guys in double figures. Right. That's how you're gonna win. And see, like I said, I don't believe Ant Man by himself can beat you, but if you let him get 8, 9, 10 assist and you let you, now, now you, you, you in for it. Right? Guys, guys was making shoot round threes. You can't give him those shoot round threes.


You gotta contest those shots. And I thought the Lakers did a great job of contesting closing out to the body, not filing, running them off the three point line. But N Reed, NAS Reed did not have an opportunity to shoot those, those shoot around threes. McDaniels didn't have an opportunity to shoot those shots. Right. And Dizel was in foul trouble and so he really didn't get an opportunity to getting to pull the game. Although he just hit that shot before the end of the half. That was really all he did the other night. But, and this game, this is what I like to see from the Lakers. They need a balance. I mean they was okay the still, I need a little bit more from the bench. Yeah. I need a little bit more from the bench. Especially going on the road. O Joe. Yeah, Most definitely The fact, especially going on the road.


Listen, the fact the defense Huh? Defense they was scrappy. Yeah. Defense, defense. Them boys were scrappy at night. Boy, you could tell they played different. They wanted it, they wanted it. You, you can just tell I'm not, I'm not sure what the difference is in game one and game and game two. But this look like a completely different team. Completely different team. Yeah, because you look at Mike Conley, You know he had some victories in Game one Ojo. Yeah. He had zero points tonight. Got some great cardio in. He got 21 minutes of cardio now. Hey, that's pretty good. Continuous running cardio, You know, probably fast cardio too. Nah, he ate little something today, a couple of meals day. But Aman was 10 or 22. He had 25.6 rebounds the other night.


He had nine assists tonight. He had none. You see? Yeah. I told you Ocho I said, hey, you can't let him get the others involved. Right. See what Luca Hershey is. Luca go get 40 and then he gives you 12 LeBron, he give you, he give you 20 a Yage. Those guys give you 2030 and give you 1112 re assists. Yeah. Not that, not only are they getting theirs, they're helping somebody else eat also right now. Ad man he had 25 0 assists. LeBron the other night only had three assists. That's not nearly good enough. And LeBron, LeBron is a smart enough player. He has a high enough IQ to realize if I, I gotta be able to impact the game in other ways other than scoring.


Right. So I need to rebound, I need to assist. If my jumper's not falling, if I can't get to the basket, I've got to impact the game in other ways. Right. Tonight was a, this is the counter game. I'm now look 21 points, I mean we know LeBron can get, can get 21 points anytime he wants to. Right. But I thought the effort that he showed, the leadership that he showed, he and Luca combined for 52 with 23 rebounds and 16 assists. So you throw Officer Reeves in there now you got what, 6, 8, 8 68 points between those three. And you need something like that, you need about somewhere between like 65 and 75 between those I take 80, but I ain't gonna be greedy 65 and 75.


And then you get Ruy doing give you a little something and if Finn Smith and, and and Gabe Vincent can give you anything Right. You'll great. You'll take that also. Luca 31 point 12 rebounds, nine assists. The first Laker says magic with those numbers in a playoff game. Woo. Hey, that, that what that boy nice man, every time you put, every time he puts up a performance like this, this game. But don't you say it Don Joe, don't you say nothing about, I don't wanna hear you say Dallas or Maverick. Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I I was Gonna say or d dont want Harrison. Okay. But it j it just make, look, some of the things he's saying understand that he has to fall in the sword. It just makes him look ridiculous.


Every game they play it, it, it looks worse and worse. So, I mean, I mean that's, I I'll leave it alone. I ain't gonna say nothing then. I ain't gonna say nothing. I I get it. I get it. It's tough. Yeah, it's tough. Like I said, I mean you, you look at a guy like this, he's 26 years of age Ocho Yeah. He can do it all. He can score, he can rebound, he can facilitate, he can make, You know, look, except he's gonna argue damn near every play except that he's not gonna be, he's not an exceptional defender. All we ask him to do is don't get beat on the initial push. A he tried to beat you on the first goal. Right. Shut that off. Just don't give a, just don't give him a free range.


Just don't give him a free run to the basket. Yeah. Make him go to the second. That's all we ask. That's all you can ask for. Because You know what, he gonna give you offensive every time offensively. Excuse me. You already know that O Joe every Time. So I'm not, I'm not worried about him on the offensive end. It's just that you try to put, and that's what they normally do unless you with Jordan or Kobe, LeBron back in his heyday. Yeah. You put your best defense offensive player on your worst defensive player. I want you to save some of that. I don't want you exerting all that energy trying to stop him. We'll put somebody else on him. Yeah. So we need that for offense because that's what, You know, Larry played the worst defender, but because Larry Bird was an offensive player and I get it.


I ain't got no problem with that whatsoever. But the, this was a great performance. The Lakers needed this, the crowd was really energized. I I'm glad I didn't go to that that Saturday night game. 'cause I'd have been pissed off. I'd have been outta my money. Yeah. I had to stay two extra nights. Nah, You've been mad. So hold on, hold on. Hold Joe to spend that kind of, you talking about spending 25 for a ticket? Yeah. Okay. Now you gotta spend an extra, You know, two nights at the hotel and you get a car. Got you. Get a car service to wait for you. Yep.


Huh. And I gotta pay for Jordan to stay because Jordan, Jordan gotta do. Nah, hell no. We coming back, we coming home. Oh, so what, what what we, what we looking like right now? What we looking like? I know it still Lakers in five. I mean, what, what, what we talking about? Okay. Alright. All right. I, I know you feeling good. I know you feeling. Wait Y'all at that chat? Y'all were talking crazy. Oh, y'all were talking about, I don't know about that. Up GT Wood at five little say we, Hey, all we did have was a temporary setback for a major comeback. That's all we had on your little, little temporary, little temporary setback.


Yeah. Or a major comeback. But I, I liked the, I liked the pace in which they played. I like the tempo. I like the guys hustling. I saw guys hitting the floor. I got guy, I like got guys running. Guys off the line. Yeah. I got guys helping. I, hey, I got guys going the extra mile. Hey I can l there's nothing wrong with losing. Somebody's gonna lose but just gimme the effort. That's it. If we lose and you gimme that effort O Joe, you can Live with that Every time. I can live with it. I can live with that. But not, not, not, not game one. You can't live with that. No, no, no, no, no, no. You should have been ready to play man. Because normally game one is the easiest game to steal.


Right. For the road team. Normally the game, the game one is the easiest. Easy because you gonna catch 'em napping because the home team is generally counting on the crowd. Right. To get them going. Yeah. Or to keep them going. So now if we can jump on your ass, get that crowd out the game, not what, and before You know it, you are like, damn, we down 20, we down 25. And it takes so much for you to get back into the game by the time you try to make, get over that hump. Yeah. It's too late. Gas. You done ran outta time too. Yeah, but I like this. I thought JJ did a great job of getting the guys, he said her in his press conference, they had as good a practice over the last couple of days they've had in the last month.


He took full accountability. What, think about jj now he's gonna take accountability. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I probably could have threw a few more scrimmages up in there. Yeah. I I I, this me this on me And the, the funny thing apart and when you think about it, whoever made the comments about them not scrimming enough before the game won, I guarantee that was the players call. I guarantee it was a player's call and allowing them to wrestle a little bit and JJ took the brunt of that. You know what? Right. That's on me. That's on me. And I gu I guarantee you I know it was a player's call, not the scrimmage as much. So we have fresh legs and we feel good going in game one. But the effort they put up and game one is a reflection of That'll get your beat. You know, that'll get your beat Every time. That'll get you sent home.


That'll get you like, oh, we didn't play our best ball. Because look, they're not a, they're not an extreme. They're not like Boston. Right. They're not like OKC. Those are deep teams Bench, bench. All you look at, you looking at the cal, those are deep teams. Yeah. That's not what the Lakers are. The Lakers are heavily dependent on three players. Luca, Reeves and Ron. Yeah. We understand that. Anything we get outside of that is good. We greatly appreciate, we will humbly accept. But you can't go in counting on, man, You know, Hey, we gonna get like 16 from Finney. We gonna get like 10 to 14 from Gabe Jackson.


Hayes gonna give us a double. No. Yeah, the big three has to be 65, 80 points. Two of the three needs to be counted of efficient. But it was, it was a great game tonight. Lakers played, this is what I expect to see from the Lakers. And we going to Minnesota, 10,000 lakes. We gonna pee in the lakes all 10,000. Let's go. Maybe, maybe we go out there and take a a, a plunge in Lake Minnetonka. Hey, what you Think you What you think the weather is in Minnesota right now?


It's close to Green Bay. So hell, it might be in the forties or the fifties. Ocha. Oh, that's Perfect weather there too. Boy. You have a swam in 40, you listen. If we can get in, if we can get in, if we can get in the cold tub, old tub, we can get it. We can get in the lake. 40 50. Ain't nothing wrong with that. No, no. I, I don't know it it is one thing to be sitting in the cold tub, but to be in the cold water. Yeah. I mean it didn't, it didn't bother me because when I was at state, a lot of times the hot water would go out and so you knew exactly when the hot water would go out 'cause somebody Damn You loud. Yep. Because You know, we had, we had community showers on so we didn't have no showers in our room. Right, right. We had community showers. Man, all you heard was bitch damn, this locked new water.


And I Remember, I remember, I remember growing up, I remember growing up at grandma house. Man, if, if you in the shower, the first thing you say before you get in the shower is do not flush the toilet because if you flush the toilet, it's gonna turn, it's gonna make the water. It's gonna make the water cold. Lo and behold, they wait till you get in the shower and want to play games. Go and flush the toilet. And so we had that problem. No, There wasn't no shower in the house. Wasn't no flush in the toilet. You was outside bro, in the wood. I don had no problem like that. I guess. I guess when you growing up on Joe, that was a great problem to have, huh?


Yeah, it Is. It is. Nah, that we didn't have that problem.


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy we celebrate It because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know It's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss. 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available bulls personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CRV and RAV4 with available HD enhanced intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest for Albertsons and Safeway this spring Refresh your spring personal care items and earn four times points on all your favorites when you shop in store or online. Earn four times points when you shop for items like Pantene shampoo, Gillette Fusion, five razors secret body spray, always pads, loves diapers, Pepto Bismol and Nvi Nerve Relief cream. Then use your rewards for discounts on groceries or gas. Offer ends May 20th Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit Albertsons or safeway.com for more details.


Oh, Tasty High note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this leaf blower PayPal could pay for your purchase, the great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary end July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to hundred dollars in eligible purchases per cart.


The thunder take command in two oh lead over the Grizzlies SGA 27 8 and five J Dub 24 6 and five Chet 2011 and five blocks. The Thunder had the lead for all but for three minutes and two seconds of the 96 minutes over the first two games. They've done it despite SGA scoring only 42 points on 14 to 42 shooting and going four of 17 from three tonight. I thought it was J Dub that really sparked him. He and Chegg gotta go in early for whatever reason SGA has struggled with his shot a little bit. OCHO Yeah, yeah. He hasn't been to SGA because he shot over 50% from the floor. He's he's got 42 point scored, but he took him 42 shots to get it.


Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He we he wasn't fishing tonight. No, he wasn't fishing the first game. The first game either. And they blew beat him by 51. Hell, they beat him about what, 1819 tonight. And he still hadn't played his best game. Hey, hey, that's scary. And I it's Just a matter of time. Yeah, it is. He, he, he, he gonna be on most of the most, some of the greats. Most of the greats. They always have games like this, but they'll make you forget about it. They'll make you forget about it. And probably going into game three, he's probably going to show up and really close this thing out. I even, I even tweeted obviously the blowout by 51 in the first game. And I'm thinking to myself in Jamon understanding how great a player he is, how good he can be, how explosive he can be. I I tweeted can the Grizzlies pull this and make it a seven game series?


Is there any I know. Is there any chance? No. No. And and Twitter jumped on my head like, man, this is over. Bring the booms out. Yeah. And, and then, and obviously I'm, I'm thinking and I'm seeing the tweets and, and I saw the comparison about SG and Jamon and how they say every year you see improvement in the G'S game. Yeah. And then Ja moron, they say they don't see improvement in him on the court. And I I'm, and I'm I'm curious for those who analyze the game of basketball and watch it that close, how do you say something like that with an individual who doesn't have much help around him. He is the, he is the force. He is the force. He is, Yeah.


He's always been Force the Memphis Grizzlies. So how can you say he's not improving, You know, years. But They got all, they got a all star defensive player year in Jar Jackson who hadn't played well. Right. Desmond Bain. Yeah. But that, that, I mean they, they they got rid of Big Adams and they got Zach, Zach, Edie, Zach, Edie. But this, this is, this is the way their team is constructed. This is the way their team is constructed. Don't you? A lot of it has to do with, a lot of it is is jobs own doing. Yeah. Yeah. You know, he had got the suspensions, two of those. He's been injured a lot. So, You know, it's hard to get better when you're rehabbing. Right. Because you're rehabbing, you just trying to get back to the point as opposed to when you train, you try to get better.


Right. See rehab, try to get you back to your original state. Well, getting me back to my original state doesn't improve me. Right. Okay. I need improvement, so I need to Train. Okay, I got you. I got you. I I got you. I got you. Yeah. So that, that's the thing. I mean, thinking about he had the shoulder he's been dealing with, he's been dealing with some stuff. So hopefully he can come out of this season healthy and he can just, You know, take him a month off, get back in the gym and be the jock. Look, Josh's supposed to be an all star. Yeah. Now it's not easy 'cause you're in the west. Steph Shea Harden, you got Jamar Murray, you had Fox, deer and Fox. It's not a, you got Luca. Yeah. So it is not easy to make it of a guard in the West.


Yeah, but Did you gotta understand this would be, this will be his last time being in the West. So he gonna be a all star. He's gonna be in the east next year. Where he going? Huh? Where he going? Oh, come on, on down here to Tussie with your boy. Yeah, he gonna be right down here in Southeast with your boy. Yeah, yeah. I know. Yeah, I know, I know. Ja gonna see this baby. We got you baby right here in the 3 0 5 now. Yes sir. And I, listen, I love Memphis. I I love Memphis. No disrespect to them. I know they have a series to play right now, but come on home, John, come on home. The Oklahoma City Thunder has now won six games against Memphis this season by combined 145 points.


That's a 24.2 point differential. It's not feto unc, it's not fair. The star five is strong, the bench is strong. They deep SJ not on here goes shit. Acting a fool. Yep. There's always somebody to counter if someone else isn't playing well as opposed to Memphis. Okay. Ja gotta be on. If Ja not on, okay, Desmond Bain, we gonna carry us. Okay. If Devin Bain don't on now where I'm getting out, where I'm getting production from. Right, Right. You right. KCD you got Isaiah Joe, you got Wiggins, you got Caruso. Yeah. You got Lou Dort chipping in.


I mean you got some guys that that play extremely well. They play extremely well. And when, like I said, and and the thing is SGA hadn't been on and they're still winning these games. Yeah, yeah. I mean think about it. They won by 51 and I think they won by 19 tonight. Right. So that's 35 points that they won by two games. It's exactly 30, 35 points because they won by 70 games. Which the second most because oh, the first two games because I think the Lakers won by 74. Mm. So yeah, Man, that's crazy. That's crazy. So, but they play, look, we know the Thunder represent in that building.


They've always been tough in that building to cry. It's the only show in town. Don't, Joe. Yeah. There ain't no, there ain't no other pro teams. You know, you got college, there ain't nothing going on. I mean, you close to Norman, You know Okie state and stuff like that. Yeah. But ain't nothing, ain't ain't nothing else going on. So they're rabid about their basketball and rightfully so. And they, they've had something, You know, Shaa has blossomed because can you imagine when they had Russ and they had Harden and they had, they had kd, they had aba Ibaka, they had Schroder, they had a, they they were, they were loaded. And then, You know, obviously KD left and, and Sge left and James Harden left where James Harden was the first to leave, You know.


Oh. They had re excuse me, they had Reggie Jackson. That's what I meant to say. Reggie Jackson, reg Reggie, Jack. Hey Reggie was Reggie played with the Clippers too, right? He played with the Clippers? Yes. Where we, where where Reggie at now? I don't Know if he's in the league Last year he played with the Nuggets, I think. Okay. I Think he played with the Nuggets last year. But it was, they had it, they had it rolling and now that they're, they're rolling again with SGA and Yeah. Wi and, and You know J Dub, you got Chad, you got Hartenstein. Guys understand their role. They do their role to the max, to the fullest. Right.


It's a good team. It's a good team. Now don't, don't get me wrong, You know, but I still nobody Wait, say it again. Say it again. Say it again. I ain't ain't you L in five. All right. Be careful that, listen, You know it's Much, you need to be careful. Oh, whoa, Whoa, whoa. It's much more difficult to win in Minnesota. Playing away. That's a different ball game. It is, It is. It's a d different ball game. We, we, we, we ain't thinking about the thunder. Okay. It, it ain't something, we ain't got no thunderstorm so we ain't worried about the thunder right now. We, we got out, we focus, we tunnel, we focus on Minnesota.


So Y'all gotta get past Minnesota first because the next two that we focused on, wait, how many, how many games in Minnesota? Two or three? Two. Where it's three total. But we gonna take, we going take and I come back home. Ain coming back when you go back, we ain't going back. Our job is once we come home not to return. Oh, so you, so basically what you tell what basically what you're telling me and what you basically what you're telling me, you're telling the Chad the lake is gonna win next two games in Minnesota. That's our goal. Oh, that's your goal. But you, you, you don't, you don't sound very confident. I definitely think I definitely, I know we getting them game three for sure. Okay. Alright. Right. And once we get game three might as well get sweepstakes.


Hey Ocho, you going to the store? Hey Ocho grab me a pack or a business. Hes yeah, you going to the store That for you Boy, wait, did you say business hedges? Yeah. What y'all know about business Hedges, man. Hey, that say that's so, so bad. I think, I think my grandma used to smoke them man. It was the white with the green with the green at the top, right? Oh yeah. Yeah man, she used to send me to the store to get 'em thing for back in the day. That's crazy. Business hedges. I ain't heard that in years. But I don't even, nobody, I, I don't know. Nobody smoke those. I mean, I, I I mean people don't smoke. They don't see, maybe they do but I don't see as many people smoking as it did when I was a kid. Oh. 'cause You know you used can smoke, you can smoke in restaurants everywhere on the Plane Smoking section.


Yeah. You can smoke, smoke on a plane. I've remember you can smoke on a plane. Yeah. It's, it's different. Glad they cut that bull jive out Now that they No they need to bring that Back. What You know about them Paul Mall in them Winston, them Salem, them Virginia Slims. Yeah. I don't know nothing about that. I know about them damn s and Hedges because grandma used to send me to listen, I never, I never forget. Grandma used to send me to the corner store. 45th and 10th Avenue. No, 45th and 12th. Right, right there. Right, right there to get them busy. New way. I'll never forget, never forget The Pacers beat. The Buck ruined Dame's dollar return. He hadn't played in over a month. But the Pacers win 1 23, 1 15, the Pacers now lead the series 2.0 for the second game in a row.


The Paceon had ball scoring six players in double figures. Pascal, aka Tyrese, Halliburton, miles, Turner, Aren, Nesmith, Nihart and Benedict M Burn The Deep Mary. They are, they're deep team. Their balance team. TJ McCall didn't, didn't get in on the action. 'cause he normally gives you double figures. But that's the thing. And although Giannis and Bobby Porters played extremely well, You know, Dame is trying to work his way back into it. He's been off a month. Yeah. You know, he, I'm sure, I don't know how much he was doing with that, with that blood clot, but You know, let, let's see how the first, let's see how I gave three goals. Right. Because he's got, You know, try to get his leg.


'cause I don't think he played, he didn't play much more than 20 plus minutes. It's gonna be very interesting to see how does he feel? Probably a little sore Ocho You know when you don't do something for a month. Yeah. And you a little sore And then you, then you come back, then you come back. Obviously you practice, you practice, you get it in. But playing in practice and playing in the game is completely different. Especially after being off a whole month. Yeah. You gotta get, listen you said the right thing. You gotta get your legs back up, up underneath you because it's different. It's a different ball game. I you could, you could run a hundred gases and practice all you want. Game time is different. Yeah. Giannis averaging 35, 15 and four, shooting 61 5% from the floor.


But he found this finds himself down oh two. I think the thing is is that they're saying look, let Janni score. Yeah. We just gotta keep everything else under control. Everybody on. Yeah. Because that sis total, that's what I'm looking at. You go back and look at them. When they made this run late in the season, it was because Jannis was damn near average in the triple double every game or his assist total was way up there. 7, 8, 9. Sometimes he had 11, 12 assists. Now it is like, okay, get yours. Ain't nobody else eating. You get you a belly full. I mean to eat all you want to. Right. Ain't nobody else eating Bobby Portis played well tonight. They needed one other guy and they can get, if they can get Giannis and Bobby to play like this.


I, I don't know. When they play tonight, it's Tuesday. So they probably play Friday. If they play Friday, Saturday and they can get Bobby and and Giannis to play like this and get Dame to give him a little bit more than what he gave tonight. Right. They gonna be all right. They gonna be all right. Because the thing is, is that Indy Indie is, is is let pray about it. You got all these guys in double figures. That's how they win. They don't have a situation where a guy gonna go get you 30 or 40. They gonna have a bunch of 20. You know, one guy might have 25 and they gonna have 20, 19, 17, 16, 15. They play a numbers game on ocho. You know when you have like a, like a Giannis Yani gonna get you 50, 14 and six every, Every time Consist ain They play not kinda like what the OKC anybody get you.


She gonna give you 30. But JW gonna give you 22 chance going to give you 15. Hartstein going give you eight. You know Lou Dorty give you 10. Yeah. They just chop you up. You get Isaiah Joe and you got Wiggins Uno Wallace. And so it's gonna be, it's gonna be an interesting series. I I I like this. I like that. The back and forth between Halliburton and, and Dame and Then Dame. Yeah. What where that, where that stem from? Where that stem from. Dame Said I got something for you. You doing a lot of talking because You know today the poll came out. Yeah. And Tyree Halliburton was voted the most overrated player. Overrated that what they say that would player say. Well, It depends player. I'm just saying it all depends on who's doing the vote.


Now we talking about the fans, are we talking about Media? The players voted Tyrese, Halliburton the most overrated player in the NBA. The players. Oh, that, that, Hey, you, you believe that? You believe that. Do you really believe that the the players actually take taking account that poll and take actually serious? Well Somebody voted now they said it was the players. I ain't got, I ain't finna go back here. I ain't finna say, You know, and get myself in no trouble. Right. And talk about No Dominion. No dominion and the, and the ballots was stuffed and then the illegal counting. But all I'm saying is, is that I, I don't Yeah, I don't like that. I don't like that Man. They have these polls all the time. Bo Joe, what you talking about? Yeah, I know they had these polls all the time, but you never hear about players actually taking these goddamn polls.


You, you notice that they players do all the talking all the time. They got, You know, they do podcasts, they talk to media and they, we have not once heard players say, You know what, I've actually voted for so-and-so when a certain poll came around about a certain statistical category. Never. Now I remember Provo voting and I remember that. Yeah. Outside of that, all these other voting and all these other categories, they always have. For some reason I've never seen any player talk about it, whether it be football or basketball. But Ocho think about it now, what do they have now? Ocho the top 100 players. Yeah. Somebody gotta vote. So who voting on that? Ain't no telling. Honestly. They Say the players. I mean all I know is they, when they go they voting, they players asking say such and such and such and such, so I don't know.


Yeah. But somebody voting for that. Yeah. I-I-I-I-I think they, And as a player you can't vote for a player on your own team. Yeah. So I don't see how they call it. Mr. Mr. Halliburton, You know, overrated played on, on Olympic team. He's the best player on the paces right now. You know. No aka might be the best player. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I listen, I love Pascal aka Ali's not better than Brother Halliburton. Okay. You know I ain't Doris Burke, but I, my my eyes work. I, I watched the game and I watched the game. I, You know Pascal Saka nice.


I used to watch him when he was with the Raptors. Yeah. Bur and Ernie. Which one? Which one? Which one got the round face? Which one got the little cone shaped head? Ocho The round face? Yeah. Pascal, That's Burke. Nah, Ernie got this cold shaped head. Ernie. Ernie is the one, the yellow one Ernie. The Ernie one. Ernie one that's red Got Burke. Well I ain't seen but I ain't seen No. Yeah. Ernie. Ernie Nie. Ernie got on. Yeah, Ernie got the Burke.


Burke got, Burke is the one with the, I told you the red I was right. Bur Nah nah. Burke is the one with the round. With the round face. Oh boy. You ain't seen, you ain't seen the Muppets in a long time. Ain Es street so long. That's not Sesame Street. That's the Muppets man. Burke got done Ball Hawk. You heard me? Huh? That's the Muppets. Yes It is the Muppets. Right? Is it the Muppets? Yeah. I dunno. Burke and Ernie. It's Burke. You talking about Burke? It's Burke. BERT.


Man, every time I look at these man, every time I look at these dude, man, I start laughing on you. What happened? And I just be looking at him man. And just like, because the one with the round face always stayed in some bullies. He was always Ernie and Bur, but it's Bur and Ernie Burt, hey, well I need to turn it. Well, I gotta turn it, it. Well I done wipe my face 3 37 times. Well I don't know why you sitting up in there and it's hot than is


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Hey it's Ryan Seacrest for Albertsons and Safeway this spring. Take care of your entire home, including the air you breathe and save $5 when you buy $25 worth of participating products in store or online shop for items like Glade plugins, airwick plugins, Glade auto sprays, Airwick diffusers and Glade refills and save $5. When you spend $25 on participating products, offer ends May 20th restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit Albertsons or safeway.com for more details.


Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJ's got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff with PayPal. I can pay in store, pay online, or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on, you hear don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal dot com.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost when you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now. Alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Oh Ocho dang. 90 bolts were cast Ocho. Yeah. Who is the league's? Most overrated players? There were 90 votes cast. See Tyree Hall. See 90 vote 90 votes. Tyree Halliburton was first. Rudy Gobert was second. Trey Young was third. What? Jimmy Butler was Fourth Bradley Bill fifth Dre Mar Green Sixth John Morant seventh Julius Randall. Eight Giannis. Excuse me. No joy. B ninth Giannis was 10th. Now you see how I know this wasn't the players, this is how I know it wasn't the players because how Giannis, How you got Giannis on there.


That's how You know it wasn't the players. Players ain't vote on that. That ain't nothing. But the media ain't nothing but the media. People having personal vendettas against certain players talking about the players vote on this. The devil is a lie. Who is the MVP? There was 155 votes cast, right Shake Yogis. Alexander got 56% of the vote. Nicola Yoic got 37% of the vote. Giannis and Donovan Mitchell tied with 1.9% of the vote. And goat James got 1.3% of the votes. Which team other than your own will win the NBA title this season?


Boston Celtics got almost 58% of the boats. O KC Thunder got 18% of the boats. 17.5. The Cleveland Cavaliers got 10.2. The Los Angeles Lakers got 6.6 and the Denver Nuggets got 4.4. Those and the Golden State Warriors and the Milwaukee Bucks tied with fifth, five years from now, Ocho who would be the face of the league with 53, 50 4% of the votes. Victor Mbma second with Antman third Shake, Gils fourth, Jason Tatum, five Luca Duch.


I, I like, I like Ant, I like Ant being the face. Luca is great. He still doesn't have that, that it factor, that aura that makes you the face of the league. Ant man has that, that it factor. I don't know how to explain it. I don't know how to put it into words. The chat. I'm, if if you, if you listen to me, I'm, I'm sure you'd, you'd understand. If you don't understand it would be hard for me to explain. Michael Jordan had that it factor, Kobe had that it factor. You can't teach it, you can't coach it. It's just in you and just the way you carry yourself, the way you play the game. I, I I don't know how to put them. I almost cursed. I'm sorry. I I don't know how to put it into words. You understand exactly what I mean.


I'm trying to think. Jason Tatum, he's a great choice. NBA champion all star, You know, MVP. But he unc he just doesn't have that. I it's something missing from that puzzle. Missing from it. Yeah. It is something I just don't, I don't, I don't, again, I don't know how to put it into words or explain it, but I, I like, I like an You know What it is when you see it? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It just, I don't know. And, and, and got that like just different. Yeah. It's just different. What is the league's worst run organization? The Charlotte Hards won this one very easily.


36% of the vote. The Washington Wizards was second with 20% of the vote. The Pelicans 11.5% of the votes. Sacramento Kings 8.8% of the votes. The Philadelphia 76 was 5.3 and the, the Dallas Mavericks at 4.4%. What you like on there? I I, I I can't fight 'em, I can't fight 'em on the top three. Charlotte. Charlotte, huh? As far as the worst, worst ran Yeah, Charlotte and Washington. They aint, they they, they ain't got nothing of wrong. Everybody that's up there, they deserve to be up there. They, They is it, there's fact that they can't get players to come play there.


Well the one that, that play there stay hurt. I mean, Mello hurt every year, Joe. Oh yeah. Hey, he nice boy. Well, when? Yeah, when he on the floor, when he not when he healthy. Okay. When, Well the Melo liked that boy. He gotta get out. His daddy say he need to get well the team said he needed to get stronger. His daddy has been saying he needs to get stronger. Right. But he gotta, I mean he got But I, I'm saying the thing is like, like Melo and, and, and, and, and, and Lonzo, they kinda of built, they kinda like wire reframe. Right. They, they ain't built like le LeBron, Le LeBron played football.


Right. Jello got le LeBron's body, right. Yeah. Hey. But I, I think if, if you, if you put on, if you put on muscle, but take away from his game, his style he played, But he gotta get, he gotta get, I mean I can, it's, it is one thing to be thin, but don't, I mean every time he go down, I mean Meow missing 10, 15, 20 games a clip. That's too much. Yeah. He too Young. Yeah. I, I feel you. I mean his frame is similar to Ja, Ja was the same way. Allen, I was the same way as well. You know, they, they, they weren't big. Yeah. But see Ja Ja spent so much time up in the air. Right. So he coming down, he coming down laying on that court. Mm. But I, I, AI was tough as wet leather man.


'cause AI was playing like that and AI played. Mm, I don't know how AI did it. Yeah. In the club all night and then come out there and give, throw practice. I forgot he didn't do no practice. Oh you, aside from your own current coach, who is the best coach in the league? Mark Dau, 21.8% of the vote. Kenny Atkinson, 13.6. He and Eric Ttra tied Joe Missoula 12.2. Ty Lou 8.2, Steve Kerr, 4.7. Hell, JJ Reddick even got some votes. Michael Malone is no longer on the team. Wait, what happened to no longer coaching the team or Tyler Jenkins both got relieved of their duties during the season?


What happened to Ima Amy Ami I made U Doka 3.4% of the boat. Ah, JB Bicker staff 2.7. Jj 2.7, Michael Malone, 2.0, Chauncey Billups, Taylor Jenkins and Quinn Snyder each round out the final three at 1.4%. Who was, who was first again? Mark Dau. KC coach. Yeah. And that, that's about right. It's hard to argue that. It's hard to argue that, but obviously, You know, it's really not. Okay. I, I don't wanna be rude to say this, but when you have players like that, when you have SGA and the supporting cas he does, when you have the bench that he does well, then there's a coach.


You get the boat like that because you got, you got, you got got coaches getting fired. Most of the time it's, I think it's a little bit different for NBA because there's been some superstars that played together and coach still got fired. Hell, if the Phoenix sons coaches got fired, you had Bill, bill Booker and kd boy, They done got what you call, they got the coach before that fired. And the coach before that fired, they got 3, 3, 3 straight years of the road. They fired the coach. Yeah, But see you can't say that in the NBA, you can't say players get coaches fired when it comes to NBA. 'cause the players are actually good. I think Sometimes they get players fired. They just, they don't play well together. How, how? I don't understand. When you go play LA Fitness, when you go play recreational foot recreational ball, if you get the best players on your team, nine times outta 10, you finna win in the NBA.


True. For some reason that it don't work like that? No, because you gotta play together. You only got one ball. That's why, You know, I remember I asked, I say, man, what, what you gonna do? If I put, let's just say I put the three best receivers out there. Let's just say I put Chase, Jefferson, and Tyreek. Ooh, hey man, You know that how unhappy they gonna be? Hey, with what? I don't listen with what? Football. Not, not in this, not in this, not in this offense. Not in today's offense. Hell yeah. They throw the ball a hundred times a game. Yeah, but every player ain't getting 10 catches a game. Hey. Ooh. So what happens when the guy get 12 catches and the other guy gets three?


How it gonna work out? I'll let you go and tell the child how it gonna work out on your, I don't know. That's it. Just, just hypothe. Exactly, Exactly. Hypothetically speaking, that'd be dangerous. That's, that's why you need one dog. And then you have somebody else that can blend in. Yeah. You put two of them guys over there and somebody get 12 1 1 game and the other get three. Even if you won the game, hey Gonna Be stepping on limbs when you go in the locker room. What? What? Wait, hold on. Now we, we had a small example of that over there in Philly. Now they, they got two dogs out there. I don't care what nobody say. Them two number ones over there. Some, some, some gay And, and, and, and what did AJ Brown say?


He was Hot. He Was hot. Okay. Thank you. Okay. A He was hot. He was hot and he were hot. Okay. That boy pull that book out To keep from blowing up on people. Yeah. Keep from blowing up. I like that. That's a good strategy. Good tech. Aside from your current coach, who's the worst coach in the league? Brian Keef won that going away. Mike Bozer, he's no longer there. Charles Lee, I don't know Nick Nurse. I know he coached for Philly. Tom Thito, Nicks Vic, he coached for Toronto. Christie Sacramento. J Fernandez. Is that, is that all in Charlotte and Michael Malone?


Denver Ocho. If a fight broke, if a, which player in the league would you least like to fight? James Johnson won this going away. 63% of the, and then you got Isaiah Stewart at 13.5. Steve, big Steve Adams, 11.3 l.at 2.1. Hey, Isaiah Stewart and, and, and Ja who's, what's John? What Johnson? James Johnson they used to play for. He he used to play, he, yeah, he like a fourth degree black belt. I mean, I wouldn't, I wouldn't care if it was a, a fifth degree orange belt Shoot.


Leave that law though, Joe. I'm just saying I I like me against him and Isaiah Stewart, what you think? No, that meant that man chop you in your head. You got a permanent part. Yeah. You know I took karate too. I I, I, yeah, I I can run. No, no. I took karate. That's your discipline. No, I took karate classes in, across from Star Projects at Win Cherry. Paul. Yeah. I was a black belt. I'm, I'm, I'm, I was a black belt win Cherry Paul, I forgot my instructor's name. He passed away a long time ago. Across from Scott Projects. Boy, I never forget get Nah, I prompt let that leave it out alone.


What? Nah, nah, I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I I'm telling you. I don't, I don't want, I forgot. I forgot my routine though. I know. Good. Do you like Adam Silver's idea of changing 10 minute quarters? 78% said no. 13% says yes. 8.5% are undecided. Would you like it if the NBA went the 10 minute quarters? Ah, I think that might be what it is in Feba When you, you like, you like that better? Nah, because it got, when you start messing with the game Ocho, you start changing. Now you get records and stuff. I mean, because now Ocho you about to go to 17, we at 17 games about to go to 18 games.


Right, right, right. Because look, it used to be 12 games. It used to be 14 games. It used to be 16. Now it's 17. When you go to 18, it's Ugh. It's too much. Huh? I mean, listen, if you gonna change the game, are you change it for the betterment of the game? Is you changing it for the players? Is it for health reasons? It depends. I'm, I'm curious. Money when you add games, you adding it for money. The same thing with the play in, right? Because think about it, O2, you get an extra three games. No, what you get, you get an extra three games on the, on each side. So you get six game totals. 'cause you got seven, play eight, nine, play 10. Whoever wins outta seven, eight, they're the seven seed the loser of seven, eight play the, the winner of nine 10.


Right? So that's three extra games. Mm. That's a nice little chunk. That's a nice little chunk of a chunk of pie too. Yeah. That's why they got that. What, what, a seven year, 77 billion or Yeah, $77 billion bill. Woo. 11 year, 77 billion, something like that. But they got a nice little Trump and chain. Yeah, I like It. Ocho Jerry Jones hinted. Here we go. Dallas isn't done in the trade market this off season. Here we go. And there are a couple of deals in the work. We're looking at two things that could happen before or after the draft. Two pretty substantial trades been working on today.


Ocho, are the Cowboys finally going all in? No. Probably not. Probably not. Because if he says something about it, it's probably not gonna happen. You know, if it actually happens without him saying it, then yes. I mean history, history shows that Jerry will say a lot of things and not do the things necessary to improve the team year in and year out. So why should this year be any different? I think maybe he came out and said something just to catch the headlines. Just to catch the headline. Like, he always does give the fans hope. You know what, what if he trade? What if he traded for Tyre?


I like that. I like that. I know you do. I Now, I like that. Now you give now man, sh shit. Me, you put that speed with CD in the slot. Well what? And then you have any the top and listen, you have a compliment. You have a complimentary number three. Then wait a minute, I wait, I didn't even mention the draft yet. They, they pick at what? 12, right? 12 of they pick at 12. They pick him That high. They might be, I forgot. Well, I'm trying to think. Young Bull O Omarion O Omarion. If he's there. Oh, Omar, what's his last name from?


Oh, Oh, you talking about the Runback from North Carolina back? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The one we had on here. Gito, Omarion as, and Genty obviously going, is gonna be gone. Or the Cowboys. If you want to, if you really wanna be slick, if you're really serious about winning and changing your program, man go. Going up to sneak up, up there and get ass and Genty. Can you imagine adding him to that offense? Yeah. I, I ocho I don't know. I don't know. I mean, look, I understand the running back is coming back, right? But Ocho ain't, people don't normally move up to take no running back if You know that they'll move up to take every other position except that guy. Well, let's let, let's talk about it though. Let's talk about it. Okay? The addition of Saquon Barkley from the New York Giants to the Philadelphia Eagles was the last missing piece to get them over the hump to win a championship.


You got four Pro Bowl offensive lineman. Who? You got four Pro Bowl offensive lineman. Oh, that, that's a good one. That's a good one. Hey, I, you got two receivers that can lift coverage outside. What about the quarterback? How you quarterback looking? They, they will, I mean, you, you got Dak. If I'm just saying, hypothetically speaking, if Jerry, if Jerry puts his money where his mouth is and, and go get Tyreek from, from Miami, man, stop playing. Hey. And You know Zach Martin retired. Yeah. He he did. He did. He did. And, and that offense lie wasn't very good last year, Ocho Nah, they they wasn't they they was banged up too, huh?


They they, they were banged up. They were banged up. They, I like, I they put that in the universe too. Put that in the universe. A a re tyreek. I know you're gonna see this Dak. I know you're gonna see this cd. Y'all gonna see this. Jerry, you probably gonna see this too. Make something happen, man. Make something happen. You want to make something happen? Change it up, man. Shoot the dice. Hey Jerry Jones. I don't know if you play Selo, but roll it. Roll it baby. I don't know if you play Selo, but roll it. Oh Joe, this about to make you upset. The wait hold, wait is gimme time. Gimme time. Lemme get my towel. Gimme towel go. You talking about I'm gonna be upset. Yep. You about to be upset. Okay. Talk to me. Lemme get some of this oil on my skin.


What y'all think about this? I need to use some damn. Hey, look, I've been even fat back in crackling or something. That's what on my head,


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it. Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah three and Craig Melvin, weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest for Albertsons and Safeway this spring. Refresh your spring personal care items and earn four times points on all your favorites When you shop in store or online. Earn four times points when you shop for items like Pantene shampoo, Gillette Fusion, five razors secret body spray. Always pads, loves diapers, Pepto Bismol and nerve survive nerve relief cream. Then use your rewards for discounts on groceries or gas. Offer ends May 20th restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit Albertsons or safeway.com for more details.


Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJs got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff with PayPal. I can pay in store, pay online, or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on you here. Don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal dot com.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now. Alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Ah, an NFL assistant coach spoke about Shado Sanders to Tom ero and said, the worst former interview I've ever been in in my life. He's so entitled. He takes unnecessary sax. He never plays on time. He has terrible body language. He blames teammate. But the biggest thing is he's not that good Man. That's some book. You know what? Come on man. What, what, what, what are we doing? What, what, what are we doing behind, behind all that was that was said. Is there a name to that? I hold Ocho before you go any further. The worst form of interview I've been in, he's so entitled.


Okay. He takes unnecessary sack. That's not an interview. He never plays on time. That's not a part of the interview. He's horrible Bo he has horrible body language. He blames his teammate. The biggest thing, When is he ever, I I thought the interview you Well, he came in, You know, the way he talks, he talks about himself. He's condescending, right? He's a, You know, blah, blah, blah. That's a, an interview, right? None of that that make, that's making no sense. And I'm, I'm, I'm curious. I we know why, we know why they're, the pundits are doing this. The analysts and, and whoever it may be who Don't take him assistant coach. If you on the team, you recommend that they don't take, they don't take ur. Yeah, but you don't gotta do this.


Yeah. It's not, it doesn't make right Now Doesn't make any Sense. 'cause that man is confident. Hey, nobody, ain't nobody said nothing. When Baker Mayfield was, baker Mayfield was a lot like this. Hey, I hear another biz. Actually, he was a little bit, he was a little, he was a little bit more, more flamboyant than this. Much more. I mean, Shadur does the watch. But listen, baker Mayfield was a, was a, a real one playing the flag in the middle of the field and talking trash. Oh, you don't wanna shake my hand? Okay. Bet, bet. Hold my beer. Hey Baker was a real one. But they enjoyed it. They enjoyed it when he did it. And obviously when it comes to, You know, Shado, ah, it's, it's a personal, personal vendetta.


Obviously not only against him, but those who don't like his father as well. And it's carrying over when it, the, the, the two should be separated in general. Don't allow your hate for Prime or whatever, whatever this thing you might have for him to affect what Shadur iss going to do for a team at the next level. It's too late Out with turn. Listen, you turn on the film, it speaks for itself. What are we talking about? I, I shoot myself for the discussion. Turn on the, everywhere he's going. He's been successful. If he not that good. So how Colorado High Colorado go from a one win team to like a five win team to all of a sudden a a eight, nine win team. Again, the proof is in the pudding when you turn the film on, forget what they talking about.


Hey, who? Whoever that was. Pittsburgh is on the clock. Shado Henning at the Steelers pick. Shado was asked who's on his Mount Rushmore duos along with Brady and Gr and Rogers and Devonte, his last spot, whoever the quarterback is for DK Metcalf and George Pickens, whoever it is that whoever, whoever that is this year. Hmm. Wait a minute. Bring that to me one more time. So, so I get a better understanding. My Rushmore duos Brady and Gr Rogers and Devonte and the quarterback. They're throw into DK and Pickens.


Who's gonna be the quarterback? I mean, you put those names out there, I guess you thinking it's gonna be you. I like that. Who's your other, if you got Brady, Gronk, Roger Devonte. You gotta have, you gotta have rice with either young or Montana. Yeah. Rice. I like, I like Rice Young better. Okay. I mean, not young. I like Rice Montana better. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Can I, can I give you another one? Yes.


I like Burger Brown. Okay. Better than my homeboy Trav. Ooh, that. Oh, that good one. Are you, are we putting, are we putting the tight in in that, in that receiving category or just About You took Brady gr That's right. You did Brady gr my home. Yeah, my homeboy And, and, and, and Trav would be, would be in that obviously. What about, what about Philip Rivers and Antonio Gates? Antonio Gates. That's nice. It's nice. It's, it is not. It's not, ah, it, this is nice, especially with the numbers they put up together. Do Yeah. Good numbers. Yeah. Really good numbers. They put up great numbers.


Mark Andrew said the gloves were completely soaked on the final two point conversion play against the bills where he dropped the ball and was debating taking them off to play before. I'm thinking do I take it off? Do I not? It was so fast, so quick that it just happened at the end of the day, I still should have caught the ball. I hate reliving stuff like that. It was hard for the rest of his life. Yeah, It was a low ball, but it was catchable. It was a difficult ball. Especially for a tight end looking down. You know, I just, but that it's, it. That's the hardest ball. That's the hardest ball to catch.


Yeah. Anything We load the waist. Huh? Trying To, trying to slide. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You trying to slide on your, you don't really track it 'cause you gotta look it all the way in. Yeah. And you kinda like, cradle it in and get to your pad so quick and once it hitting the pad and you ain't put your hands on it, that ball gone. Yeah. Yeah. Ball gone. Yeah. That's, that's unfortunate. I mean, ha hands wet. That really had nothing to do with it. You know, in that scenario. Especially as soft. As soft as the ball, as the ball was thrown. If you are thinking, if you, if ocho what should happened? If you thinking about doing something, go ahead and do it. If you're thinking about taking the gloves off, he probably should have took 'em off o right? Probably shoulda took them off.


Mm Bam. I hate that man gonna live. That's relive that situation. Yeah. Put the rest of life In his head. Not only is gonna, but people are going to remind him of it. To the surprise of even some Atlanta Falcon staffers. First cousins reported to the start of team's voluntary offseason program today, given the voluntary nature of phases, one off season workouts consisting of meeting strength and conditioning. The expectation was cousin might skip this stage as he waits for a future to unfold. And the expectation that even had Coach Raheem Morris shared as recently as April 1st.


Oh, Joe cousin say, I ain't giving y'all none of this money. I'm gonna get every dime. Y'all supposed to gimme a hundred mil for the guarantee. You gonna gimme I'm get it Fully guaranteed A hundred mil. So, so what's what's gonna happen in a situation like this? I mean, you, you would, you would be better suited than no, better than I would. They gonna have to pay him. Man, you look, I You can't cut him, right? Yeah, you can. That's what they did with Russ. But you still had to give him no money regardless. Yes. All right. So You might, that's why Pittsburgh was able to get him for a million dollars because the Broncos had to pay the 38 million.


Mm. So cousins still owe a boatload of money, don't you? Jesus. I I don't, I don't see him as a backup. Right. I don't Well, what team, just being honest, What teams are out there that need a quarterback? The ones that need a quarterback are gonna find those needs in the draft because they're looking for players to be, I mean, there's only two quarterbacks. Cleveland Cleveland's gonna take, Cleveland's gonna take Shadu or a Abdul Carter. They need a quarterback. I mean, do is, Abdul Carter is an impacting player, but he's not a, a franchise changing player. The, the Browns quarter. Yeah. I mean, I, I I Think you, you looking at a guy that can bend the edge, you put him opposite of Miles.


Garrett. Miles Garrick. You see Philly, what they were able to do with the pass rush to disrupt Patrick Mahomes in the Super Bowl. Yeah. So I'm saying they're gonna take, they're gonna take, they're not taking a quarterback at that spot. So they're gonna probably take Ur, excuse me, they're probably gonna take Trav or Carter. Let's just say for the sake of argument, they take Hunter, right. They could be on the market for a quarterback. They did, they did sign Flaco. Right. So that might been, Damn, I'm trying, I'm trying to think. I don't like, Hey Flaco Flaco played so well in that offense and look completely different from Deshaun.


Deshaun's not gonna be back and and healthy for a while. I'm I'm assuming at the start of the season he won't be available and his Yeah, I don't See Blackos a security blanket. I'm assuming based on his familiarity with the system. Better keep, because the thing is ocho, he tore it and then he retort it. Oh, I hate That. But I, I mean he was saying he was healthy. You know, people underestimating him. He can't wait to get back. So we, we gonna see. Yeah, We're gonna see. I'm Hoping he listen, he listen. Deshaun said he gonna be back better than ever. I'm expecting to be back better than ever. Obviously I'm trying to, I'm trying to think a situation where could cousins go?


What if they cut him or trade him? Cut him. Ain't nobody gonna trade for him. I ain't picking up that salary. Crazy. Oh yeah. Ain't picking up that salary. Can't go to the Raiders. They got Gino. Right. Can't go to anywhere in the NFC South because they all stacked up at quarterback. Let's see the a FC West, you're not going to Kansas City, you're not going to Denver, you're not going to the charger. Boom. Okay, let's try the A FC East. Okay. They just, just got Justin Fields. Right. You know, they got, they get, they sit in Buffalo, they set in Miami, they set in New England. So that's out. Well, well hold on now what about the A FC South? What about the a FC North?


There's one team in AFC North that doesn't have a quarterback. Said yeah, Cleveland. We say Cleveland. Oh, Cleveland ain't the Pittsburgh, You know, number eight wanna play around. Number eight Wanna play around. Nah, he got no Well, you, you, you never say never. 'cause he Rogers hadn't committed anybody. So that's a possibility that he could end up there. I I like that. I like that. I like that. You know Aren, you wanna play around and one thing we do know about that goddamn Kirk Cousins, he gonna let that ball go. He gonna sling it. You got, you got dk, you got George. I'm not sure what the offense will look like. I'm sure the offense have to change a little bit.


I'm not sure who the running back is for the Steelers right now. Jalen Warren. Okay. Alright. He's not going, he's not going, he's not going to Tennessee. They're gonna take Cam Ward. No, they gonna take Cam and they still, and they still got Will Levis. Right. They brought in some, they brought in, they brought in Daniel Jones to challenge Richardson. That's not happening. Nah. Well wait, wait A minute. Jacksonville, what is, what about a backup to Trevor Lawrence? That'd be a good one. And also, not only a backup, someone that can push, push and challenge, challenge Trevor Lawrence as well. Not that it would really happen because they've just paid him all that money. But still, exactly. Just having that veteran presence in the locker room with you, I think would be dope for Trevor Lawrence and his growth.


The Browns and the Giants are fielding trade cars for picks two and three Browns. Pick two giants pick three. I think both teams realize there's not a player in the draft that's gonna change their, that's gonna change their life. Right. But if I can trade that pick and get more picks, maybe. Would you Think you like it? No. No. Absolutely not. Why are you trading, why are you trading out of it and You know what you need already. Why are you trading out of a pick and You know what you need? You're not getting it in later rounds. Why are you going backwards?


I guess they're say, I guess they're saying they're, they they, they get multiple get get draft capital, get more. So instead of having a third pick, maybe we trade. You got everybody have, everybody has their first round pick this year. So now I trade back and now maybe I get an extra second. Right. I get an extra third. No, man. No, no. You, you struggling. You struggling in certain areas and the areas you're struggling in. You know, you, You know what you need. You know what you need. Get what you need and stop playing. Test it. You got, you got, you got, go ahead. Cam is going to Tennessee. You have your door that's gonna be available. Forget all this stuff. Everybody talk about you, you, you've, you've watched, you turned, you watched the film.


You've seen what you, you've seen what he can do. He did it in high school. He did it at Jackson State. He did it at Colorado. There's some other quarterbacks that are supposed to go in the second round. There might be a surprise if these, these, these punts and these analysts and Gs and scouts really don't like Shado because of the way he carries himself. You know, you have, you have Dart and you have some other quarterbacks that I depend on. Humble myself. Yeah. I But you listen, I I I wouldn't either. I wouldn't either. I wouldn't either. What you see is what you get, bro. I did the Job. Yeah. I did the job that, I mean that rub people. That probably rub people. But time. But time is who he's yeah.


Who he is. Long as it's not destructive to the team. Right. What's the issue, man? Why y'all want to, why y'all want the man to think less of himself? The man confident move. His daddy's daddy was confident he instilled that in him. Yep. That's All. We don't, we don't bow down. We don't hold our head. Just because you don't feel this way about yourself. So, You know, you want me to make me feel good about yourself by lord myself, by hanging my head not being confident. You don't want me to be confident because it gives you the confidence to make you think that we're on the same level. Right? Well, it makes you, it makes you uncomfortable.


It makes you uncomfortable. Woo. I don't know, Ocho, what can I get for two big two and three Ocho? What can I get? You get a listen. You can get a little, Lemme ask you a question. How high is somebody coming up? Because if you come up high enough, you come up more than five, four places. Yeah. Oh, I'm getting your first round of next year. Oh Yeah. Most definitely. Hell, if you coming up that high, you might get two first rounds or you, or you get a first and a second. We switch. We we that. That's my point. Yeah. So, but do you, do you believe there's one player in this draft that's gonna go at second, that's gonna go at third? That's gonna be life changing, Traffic center, life changing. Abdul, Florida. Well, what if you believe it's gonna be life changing?


You stay had you take it. That's why, that's why I think, I think it's all bluffing. The Cleveland Browns and the Giants talk about Charlie's picks and trade and call. Accept and call. Hey, they bluffing. They bluffing, they bluffing. Definitely bluffing. The Volume


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest for Albertsons and Safeway this spring Refresh your spring personal care items and earn four times points on all your favorites when you shop in store or online. Earn four times points when you shop for items like Pantene shampoo, Gillette Fusion. Five razors secret body spray. Always pads, loves diapers, Pepto Bismol and Nerve survive nerve relief cream. Then use your rewards for discounts on groceries or gas. Offer ends May 20th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit Albertsons or safeway.com for more details.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more@chase.com back slash business Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chases and Company,


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate so you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money Movement Services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.