
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old send back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down. Or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


The volume. Magic Johnson spoke about what Luca and LeBron must do to win a title. And he had this to say about Luca. Luca gotta understand this is not Dallas. We shouldn't have to tell you to be in shape. You should have already been about that. Right. Especially when you are a superstar. La la land baby. They don't play that. Nope. No. They they, they ain't, they ain't about nothing but championships ocho. Yeah. So they, in every superstar, every superstar that's come there has given them a championship.


Yeah. Will Wilt Kareem, LeBron Shaq baby LeBron Anthony Davis. Yeah. Every superstar that they've gotten has delivered them a championship. Yeah. I'm not talking to guys that they drafted. Obviously, You know, magic got them a championship. Kobe got them a championship, but they didn't trade. Obviously Shaq was a free agent. But every ch every superstar that's come and if we want to classify ad as a superstar, so be it. I don't wanna nitpick about that, but I'm just saying Yeah. Every big, big time player, free agent that's come to the Lakers has delivered a championship. So, I mean, what's Luca's gotta deliver You, you think Lu Luca has a chance to deliver?


Yeah. If he can. You gotta do, you gotta stay in shape, stay healthy, gotta stay out. And I think that's the biggest thing. I'm, I wouldn't even say the stay in shape part. I'd say the stay healthy part. I mean, gotta Be in shape. Well, what, what caused what caused what caused you to get, what caused you to get injured when you are outta shape? Yeah. Because when you outta shape, guess what happens? You pull things. You Can be in shape and still get hurt. Now You can, but why does he look every year he looks like he dragging a piano behind his back. You're right. You're right. It's 'cause he be bogged down injuries. His body wear, his body wears down on him. Yeah. He's a phenomenal, and I'm not saying that. And, and people see sometimes Ocho people just look at the end result.


Well look at the numbers that he's putting up. Right. But why does it look like, I mean, you see he got tape, he got Kinesio tape all on his back. All on his shoulder and everything. He's getting hold. Yeah. Yeah. With chicken wide mesh tape. Hey, I, No, I have a question too on, You know. Yes. When you lose weight, when you gain weight, does it change his game? Will it change the game and the style or play the way he plays the game, not having that extra weight. Will he still be able to do some of the things that he does as far as using his body, You know, to play or you think every No, I don't, I don't think so. Ocho b because You know why? Because I mean, the man's 25, 26 Ocho. I can see when you get, look, you start getting in your thirties, you get that old man spread ocho You know it get harder Right.


When you in your twenties, man, you should be able to just like that there. Yeah, but I'm, but I'm saying, I'm talking about his style of play. Will he still be able to use his body the same weight O ocho if he trained properly? You know what I mean? You train properly, you train for that. You, you prepare yourself for the upcoming season, whatever type of workout you doing. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think it'll hurt him. I think it'll help him. Okay. I 'cause when you get late in the season, when you get to February, March, April, man, your body is still feel strong. Now. I think the one thing guys have to understand, it ain't just the off season that you get better, but during the season you have to maintain that. Right. You know what I'm saying? Maintain what you built. Yeah. Because that's the hardest thing.


Because when you plan every night, every other night, You know, it's hard to be like, man, I gotta, I gotta go in this weight room. I gotta, I gotta throw these weight around the day. You know what I mean? I think that's the main thing, bro. Like for me, uncle Ocho, when I played, man, I love working out before the game. Like literally before we played, two hours before I go up there and gimme a nice little lift total body, You know, just to keep my body strong. So when I did get out there on the floor, You know, I felt good. You know what I mean? All Right. I agree. I I agree. Like I said. And look, when you got, when you dealing with that kinda money o your, everybody got private chefs. Everybody, everybody got personal training. Everybody got physios. And Lucas a guy, his trainer can travel with the team.


I bet you they let his just like, they let LeBron, Mike Macias probably travels with the team. Hey, y'all know that thing. Come, it come down to one thing, bro. That's having discipline, having, that's it. And Listen, That's it. Hey, you gotta put some of them beers down. I ain't saying you gotta go cold Turkey, but you can't be drinking beers every night, Ocho after. How about, hey, how about this one Ojo six pack, not a case. That's all I'm saying. Get get your six, nice little six pack. Hey, leave. Don't, don't do the case. I'm just, Hey, hey, the hookah, Hey, don't get the big thing of who could get in love with a hookah. You know what I'm saying? Some of those don't get the one that like six to eight people can, can, can, can tug on him.


Some of some of those habits for him are probably gonna be hard to break. Especially depending on who he ha who he has around him. Those, those habits that he's been doing for a very long time. We all have our vices. You know, my, my, my vice is cigars, but if it came down to it, if I had to stop, I could stop cold Turkey when it comes to Apple. Lemme ask you a question. Who could all let, could you stop smoking cigars during the season for $60 million? Huh? Could you stop smoking cigars during the season for 60 million? Yeah. Good. Yeah. I mean that, it, it, I'm, it, I, and I be thought that don't say Yeah, I'm just asking yes or no. Of course. Could you stop smoking cigars? Course I'm not addicted to it. Of course. Yeah. But, and that's the, that's the thing. Look it, look, Michael Jordan smoked cigars during the season, but Michael Jordan was in tip top peak shape.


You look at the caps on his shoulder, you look at his body. Now, if Luca, hey, if Luca, if Luca wasn't gonna wear down at the end of the year, right? As a matter of fact, hell, I bring him cigars. How? What them cigars? You say I got Tampa nuggets right now. I got some Tampa nuggets upstairs or Swishes. Hey look, whatever, whatever game. Hey, I bring em, I'll bring him a six pack. I'll bring him a, I'll bring him a six pack. What you, what you drinking Micole? Hey look, Coors, Anheuser bud. What? What you drinking bud Light. Mick light what you want? Hey, you, I know he ain't drinking. No, no, no, no, no bull, no slice ball. Lua. No oldie. Hey listen, so he probably drinking some, some Mitch beer.


I think he gonna come back in, in, in much better shape. But I think he, he's gonna have to maintain that throughout, You know, throughout the season. That's the toughest part, man. I, I've been seeing him working out this summer, Ocho and Unc, so I know he hears the whispers. Believe me, he hear the whisper. Yeah. He gonna come back. He gonna come back a different player. For sure. Working out in the off season is the easiest thing you can do. I know because you got nothing but time. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Don't choke. You got, Hey, you said that two hours a day, but it gets difficult. I mean, it gets hard man. You getting beat up. My shoulder's getting sore, but I still gotta find a way to go in there and lift. Yeah. I gotta bitch, I gotta do shoulder work. I gotta do leg work. I gotta do calf work. I gotta do a corn work because that beating that I'm taking.


And the last thing you want is the man you trying to ward off injury. Yeah. As long as you possibly can. And You know, once you get on your, you get nicked during the season. Yeah. It's hard to get healthy. Yeah. Because you can't get no rest. You can't get proper rest. They got your ass up at the wee hours of the morning. You, you, hey, you can't train because you rehabbing. Yeah. You do it all this training. After, after practice you there two hours before meeting, getting all with you. Then you get a, then you train, you rehab, icing and stem during lunch break. Okay. You go out there, try to do some little walkthroughs and then you got two hours after practice. Yeah. So you get treatment five hours a day. I Remember them days.


Yeah. See, I know you remember them days. I remember them days too. Hey look far too long in football. I know. You can't make it through no season without lifting weights every week. Right. Well, Especially hey Joe and Unc. Oh, I could, You know, I mean UNCs body, body type is a little different. I, I was small. I was, I was strong as hell. So I had no choice but to lift weights to maintain my strength. It wasn't about me. No, no muscles Joe. You know, I wasn't, I wasn't physically imposing, but I needed, because the, the wear and tear on my body and I was so small, I had no choice. I had no choice. But the lift weights throughout the entire of the season because I would wear down if I didn't. I just wanted to maintain my strength and not maintain my strength to be strong, but to be able to withstand the punishment I was taking.


'cause I played reckless as hell like a goddamn rag doll is. And I and the position y'all playing. Hell, y'all, y'all pretty much running wind sprints the entire Yeah, basically. I was already undersized. I only weighed 2 28. Yeah. I, I weighed 2 28. So I had to be, I had to be strong. Strong. And, and, and I held, I held on to for about till about week 13. After a while, that thing, that thing started coming down all of a sudden. Yeah. Woo. Hey, hey. Like I said, I fought it long as I could, Joe. Hey, it's the same thing with basketball though. Think about it. When you, when you got back to backs and you playing four games and five nights, man, you still gotta find time.


I ain't saying you gotta go in there and squat. No 400 pounds. But you gotta go in there and keep the body strong, You know? Yeah. 'cause when you go through that, through that rigorous season for six to eight months, bro, if you not lifting weights every week, your body is gonna break down. That's just the way it's, yeah. Yep. And as you get older, the thing that I like that, You know, Mike was like, Hey, don't worry about, hey, I, I was only on one a day practices. Ocho. Yeah. Mike said, Hey, go get your lift in. I was able to get my, a practice in the morning, lift in the afternoon, kept me, kept me good and fresh. I, hey, made sure I got my workout Monday after the game got, Tuesday was all about me. What I wanted to do Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday I was off.


I ain't, I ain't do no once Thursday was rolled around. Yeah. Ain't no more lifting for the kid. Done. Yeah. 'cause I go, I go Monday through Thursday. Damn. Four days, four straight days. Ojo boy shit kid. Hey, hey, the one good thing the devil is alive. One, one good thing I found out and this when I was playing in Brooklyn, playing with Kevin Garnet. Man, we used to get these lifts in after the game, right after the game. It may be a one setter, but your one setter may be like 15, 20 reps. Right. It may be like four or five exercises that way. You know, you done went through that game. Now you lift that weight them weights. So in the morning when you wake up, you don't have that lactic acid just sit, You know what I mean?


You have a little pop to you. Kevin Garnett told me that. He said he got it from Dennis Rodman. And ever since, bro, I had been doing it and I left Brooklyn. And when I got to Miami, hell, everybody was in the weight room after the game. D Wade ud, everybody's in there. I said, man, listen, it was just a great environment to be in. But yeah, that's one thing I can give athletes, bro. Especially hoopers after game. You should get you a, a, a, a good, a good lifting. It ain't gotta be heavy. Just something nice to keep the body tone and strong. Yeah. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna lie, Joe, after game that Monday morning, I'm so as a mother man, okay. I'm so bad. My shoulders, my shoulders aching so bad, bad.


My knee, my elbows, my knees, the, especially if you come out playing on that turf. Yeah. So, Joe, all, I don't know if you had, if y'all, if you, when you got to league that and did everybody had AstroTurf. 'cause by that time they had started to transition to field turf. Yeah. But I was playing when they had that real, that cement with that. Yeah. With turf rolled over the top. They need Pop it down. Yeah. In the, oh man, y'all gotta understand, man, y'all playing a gladiator sport. The contact that y'all got, that's like a car wreck. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Every time you collide with somebody, like that's, that's gotta be rigorous. I know. They, so after y'all play on Sunday, what y'all probably don't have to report to practice to win on ocho. Yeah. Monday. Monday you go and watch, you watch film on Monday. And then sometimes they give you victory, victory Monday where you don't gotta go.


So you Play, so Right. You don't have to. Yeah. You just go get your own lift. You know, you do your own thing. Long thing. That's, that's what, but I was, it didn't matter. I'm always, I remember we played Miami on a Monday night Ocho. Yeah. We got back at, we got back at like five, like five 30 in the morning. I like, shh, I might as well going to get me a workout. Got And get it. Got it outta the way. Huh? I got it outta the way. Yeah. That was the only, that's really the only time that I didn't come back over there. That Tuesday I got my workout in always. Tuesday was my workout day and clean my lockout. Yeah. So all Lysol get all the dirt out my shoes and stuff. Vacuum it out. I did that. Went home. That was it for the day. But I had to get that work. I had to get that work in, man. I just, I just had to, I, I didn't feel right.


If I didn't lift, I gotta get, try to get some of that soreness out. Yeah. Because like you said, that West coast offense, the tight ends, he does a lot of running and You know, sometimes you catch more passes than the other. But hey, you gonna get, get that block it in. 'cause TD back there, TD gonna get his touch. TD gonna get 25 30 Ks a game. Yeah. Hey, hey listen. So in basketball it's about equivalent to about a little over three miles. Right. A game. Especially if you Yeah. You one of 'em heavy hitters and you playing top minutes and football. 'cause y'all playing wide receiver, tight end. It's a bunch of sprints. Yeah. How many sprints do you think y'all running a game? Ooh, Lord, that's a good question. Probably. Let's see. Let's just say, oh, Joe, you catch 10 passes.


Yeah. If you call 10, it all depends on how many, how many pla plays we have. We might have 25, we might have 30, we might have 35. Now some you running a shallow cross, right? Some you running a flat route. Yeah. Some you running a stick, some you running a scene. So for me, I would say probably 2000 yards rent. That's a lot, man. Yeah, but you actually think it sound like a lot. But you gotta think if each play is three seconds, full speed, three To five seconds, Three seconds. Full speed.


Yeah. Three seconds. Full speed rest. So it, it is, it is a continuous. Especially if, especially if you, if you in shape and shape. But man, you good. And even if you in shape and shape, guess what? You, hey, you run that two minute drill, woo. And let throw you a couple of passes in a row. Hey, I'm going right into that fo a get in there. Hey. Huh?


When it's CS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere? Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your excitement. Woohoo. Chba Chiba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chumba life. Visit chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my team's game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice bragging rights. A cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


Oh, check this out. Speaking of lifting Joe, we gotta talk about the video OCHO posted this morning. We posted man. Oh, playing with, oh, whoa, I forgot. I forgot about that this morning, man. Is the bar touching his chest? Nah, it ain't touching his chest on. Nah, I gotta touch your chest. It don't Count. What? Don't count. If the bar does not touch your chest, it does not count It. Don't nobody touch my chest, but my woman. Oh, if that bar does not touch your chest, it does not count. Says who Says the bitch. Press Look. I'm Google A look up the definition of a bench press. No, no, No. I don't care what the, I don't care what the definition of the bench press is.


I'm bench You Ain't finna change it. Oh listen, just because you don't do it until said hold nobody. Hold on, hold on. I'm bench. That's a no rep. I'm benching how I see fitting and why I look the way I do. No, no rep. No rep. Hey, you saw how easy you, Hey listen, they stay with me. You see how slow, how easy and slow. I'm a I'm gonna do three 15 next week for you too. I bet you Don. And listen, I'm look. Oh, I can do three 15. What you talking about? Did you? No, you can't think I did that. You ain't do like three, four raps. I only did five. That's all I wanted to do. I just wanted, I just wanted talk. I had it. Touch, Touch Your chest. I just wanna see if I still had it. Hey, my, my titties is too big. I can't, I can't tell. I can't tell my chest.


I got, I just got 'em done. Khal Zabar says Shannon Sharpe night Cat tell him doesn't count as a full rep bar needs to get to the chest. Ah. This is how I know those dumbbells. You were lifted the other day. Had to be fake struggling with 2 25. Agree. You gotta touch that bar to your chest or it don't count 85. I don't have to, I don't have to do nothing. I was supposed to follow the NFL rules. I ain't follow nine one, so I ain't, I'm the guard not touching my chest. Y'all just mad. Y'all now stronger than me. How about that? I don't know. They might not be. I don't know. You're not talking to me. So We, we Unc we lift the same amount of weight. What are you talking about? Whatever you do, I can do. I tell you what, I'll tell you what I do.


I tell you what I do. I bet you 59, that 5,900 whatever you max our record. We gonna whatever you max our record It. Okay. Let, matter of fact, double or nothing double, double. Let's double that triple Or nothing. Okay. Bet. Whatever you max. I record it. Hey, this was just you. This what you fail to realize. I just look like this. I don't give a damn what you look like. I'm just as strong as you are. Whatever you max, I will rep it. All right, All right, all right. Okay. Because you saw me with two chains I'm talking about with no, with no warm. I just went in there and did 2 25, 15 times. Well that's what I with no warmup. That's what I just did. I just walked in the gym and did 2 25 I for Five reps. It didn't touch your Chest. Huh?


All I've said is whatever you max 3 15, 3 50, whatever you max. I'll rep it. Man. You don't want no smoke, yo. Yeah, I do. I want all that. You don't want no Smoke. As a matter of fact, you don't want smoke. I want, I want Joe a hundred dollars on top of that too. Hey, I become a joke. Hey this, Hey. I promise you when it come to the weight room, this ain't what you want by. Mm, it is. This ain't what you want. It is. I just look like this. You think 'cause I'm, I'm smaller than stature. I can't lift what you lift. I could be ask the same thing you can do. I'm telling you Ask the Chad, ask the chat. Do they Think you could bitch with me? I Don't care what the Chad think. We gotta have a lift off. We gotta have a be close.


I can, hold on. Lemme tell you something. Lemme tell you something. I'm not cocking, I'm convinced you hear me. I'm not cocking, I'm convinced. I ain't worried about that. You can't me in the waiting room. Me and Joe, you can't beat me. Hooping. That's my, I Oh, You, You know what I tell you what? Oh, I tell you what I do. I'll tell you what I do with Joe. That's what I'm feeling. Oh Joe, this is what I do. I bet my salary to your salary. Wait, well, which, which job? Any job you want, you take EF esp n you take Nightcap, you take Club Sheha, whatever job you want. Okay. I like that. I like that. And I hope my kids watching. We gonna have a good Christmas. Hey And I No, you, I'm giving you the same bit. Hey, Christmas we go. Hey, hey Joe.


Hey Joe. Hey Joe. When I'm done, well I'm gonna have near a property. You hear me? O Joe, I'm be you too. Hey, You know what? Hey boo your head way. Lemme see that tv because I wanna get that TV center. I'm gonna let my, I I I want, I want, I want my guy to come in there. When you go sit that tv, Hey, you would take that piano because don't nobody, I don't know how to play the piano so you can take your piano with you, man. Nah, Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Hey, that's, that's a good one though. But hey, I'm, I'm too strong though. I just look like, hey, what, what you saying? I just look like this. I just look like this. Hey, I don't even, first of all, 84% said me 60.


I don't know who the 16% is. I don't know who the, I don't know who They're, that that's, that's what, that's what's wrong with society. We, we are visual creatures. So anything of size, they just assume it's stronger. That, that, that's just the way we are as society. And then people and as humans not understanding thing. That's you. What, Hey, if I'm not all yoed up to the dash, then I'm not strong. Then you have people that are foolish in saying, I'm doing one twenties and the weights are fake. That's how You know. Well, he's so small. We don't expect him to be able to do that eight times. I'm very strong for my sides when people don't understand Joe. That's why I know if me and Unc it was a tussle, I'm be fold him like a long shell.


He had to laugh on me. Man, don't, I'm Not in confidence. I definitely, I definitely love to have you as a teammate. 'cause I know we gonna go out there. Even if we gonna get our ass beat. Hey, don't you gonna have us convince that we can win this game Every time, every time. He, He, he is not lacking in that department. Because boy, if you No, no, he ain't lacking no confidence because boy, if you think for one second you got a chance to beat me in some basketball, boy, you lost your mind. All Right. All you lost it. Listen, You got it. I'm, I'm, I'm not Michael be, boy, I'm not who you is. It don't, I ain't make a B but this Ocho now this me, it's what I do. Ocho check my check, check my resume.


And, And I bet you won't even score no more than two point. See, you might get lucky and throw, throw up a hail Mary. You might make a hail Mary. You look like one of them type. Throw up a hail Mary. But outside of that, you, you didn't score no more than two points, man. Right. Bad. That ocho yourself. He gonna lift more than me. Lord have mercy. That's what I do, man. I can tell by that little, by that little form you just did right there. I could tell. Oh No. Hey, hey you, you see me? Hey listen, you see me? Hey look, watch my wrist break. And I, I'm, I'm not gay, but I know how to break the wrist. You hear me? Hey Joe. Hey, hold on. Lemme turn to the side so you can see it, Joe. Hey goof.


You got that go? Yeah, yeah. Man, please. How much is that? How much is on there? Oh man. How many Times I do it? I'm feeling good tonight, bro. I feel, Hey, I don't, I don't know. Hey, I don't know if you can see the chat earlier. You don't know if you can see the chat earlier, but boy, I was and I was about to cry. You had, he got damn glasses, boy. What the chat boy, y'all some funny people man. Hey Joe. You could, can you see the chat Joe, earlier? Yeah. Yeah, I Can see it. Oh man, listen, man, they, I, I would try with I, Hey Unc, I would hold it in so bad, man. Dude, folks in that chest.


So By that, by wan. Oh, I can't see, I don't see, I can't see Chad. Hey, Ash was over here crying. I wonder with everybody, Jordan laughing like, man, I gotta keep it together. I'm like, what's funny man as shaking her head tell about got she got a a hey, That goddamn chat was funny. Yeah, they don't play, man. I was like, man, dude, I, I caught off. Yeah. Takes some your own medicine. Yeah.


Ash, Ash pulling something for you Ocho. What did it, what's that? Tracy McGrady had a take this week. He went on the young man in the three podcasts and said, oh, I don't think nobody had better handles than Jamal Tinsley. Even Kyrie Joe, Jamal Tinsley was in my draft class. Oh one. Wait, Jamal Tinsley, you mean you mean Jamal Crawford? No, Jamal Tinley. Jamal Tinsley. Jamal Tinsley. He played with, he played at Indiana. Yeah, I think he went to Iowa State, if I ain't mistaken. Iowa State. He did, he got handle, he got Handles like that, Joe. Nah, he, he had handle Ocho. He had some handles, but I don't, I ain't, ain't nobody got no handles. Like Kyrie, his, his was tight though. He got a, he had a tight handle. But it, it wasn't no re Time out, time out, time out.


I don't, and I mean no disrespect to the, to the sport of basketball. Chad, I apologize. Jamal Tinsley. Yeah, that's a name we knew you probably wasn't gonna know that one. No, Joe, don't worry about that. Yeah. But, but, but if, if Gravy say he's better than, than, than than Kyrie Irvin. He just Saying handle, he just saying handle. He said handles. Oh, Okay. Okay. So he had the same type of creativity. Same. Yeah. Yeah. He, he, he, he had a nice bag with him. Like he, he same, I Lay package and everything. I don't know if he was a like Kyrie, but he had a nice handle. He had a nice handle. He, he was, he was a big point guard too. Like he would post stuff from time to time.


But to say his handle was better than Kyrie's. That's a stretch, bro. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Big stretch. Hey, hey, Ky Kyrie and, and for, for me, I, I, I relate everything in soccer terms. To me, Kyrie's creativity is, is similar to that of, of, of Namar and Ronald Dino, You know, he's, he's a magician with the ball. They are magicians with the ball and not, not not in the gym playing around. I'm talking about end game where it's, it, it, you can't make a mistake when you try to pull certain moves off, you have to execute it. And every time they do do it, man, they do it with, with just, I mean, effortlessly. Hey look, because it's really read and react some of the stuff that them dudes do or, or even us as athletes that we do in a game.


Right. A lot of times you reading and reacting. So it may be, you may pull something off that you've never practiced before. You, you, You know what I'm saying? I'm just keeping it real. You may pull something off, you've never practiced before, but it's just read and react so, You know, it just kind of come to you. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I, like I said, I a, he played against him, but it's hard for me to believe and I've seen a lot of guys handle the ball. Right. Isaiah Thomas could pat the Rock. Isaiah Thomas was the first guy I'm talking about. I'm talking about Isaiah would come up to court. You literally doing this right here, da da da da. Watch him in the All Star game. Yeah. White chocolate had handles. Hey, I've never seen anybody have handles like Rito. Hey Jason, Jason Williams. Jason Williams was very entertaining with that ball in his hands, boy.


Yeah, For sure. Very Entertaining with that ball in his hands. Hey, you can't be worried about having no turnovers or making no mistakes playing like that though. Yeah. Yeah. Them dudes come out, they play free. Yeah, they have fun. Hey, they, they, they let loose. You know a lot of guys ain't willing to take them chances, some of them chances. Those dudes, some of them chances. Those dudes take during the game, man, You gotta be Re hell nah. You, you gonna get your ass snatched up out the game if you turn. Absolutely. There you go. They, They'll pull your, a coach pull you out? Hell yeah man. If you About, I'm talking about in the NBA huh? Yeah. If you ain't ocho, if you out there and you ain't, you ain't hear me. You out there trying stuff and you turn the ball up and you gonna come sit next to me.


Oh. When you on, you gotta understand at the NBA level dudes, if you really not like that, there would be no com. There would be no level of comfort to pull that shit off anyway. In a real game. Man. There's some dudes out there who got some handles, they just scared to pull it out. They scared to try some of this stuff in a real game. Like you see some of these bigs, you watch some of these dudes play in the summertime. You wouldn't you hold on man. Why you ain't doing that during the regular season? During the season. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. You know what I Mean? Yeah. You know they pull that off and get a cup of turnover, boy, you gonna be sitting down. Hmm. Oh yeah, for sure. You know you trying to, they not finn let you just, just arbitrarily just in turn in in a game. Ocho Yeah. Where, where it matters.


Okay. You wanna be in practice and you try some stuff like that, but you get in the game. Yeah. Where wins and losses matters. Yeah, it, hey, it's just like you might try some stuff in, in, in, in the, and the warmup line Pat and go ocho. Yeah, look what's on the bar with Joe right there Wasn't that four plate? What's that? What's that? Four, five. Why you struggling? Why you struggling? Hey, I tell you what, I bet you can't tell. I tell you what, you can't even hold it. That's three refs with four, five. Hold on. You ain't never done four, five. Who Ain't never done? Man? I what you talking about? Yeah, you gonna say you squatted As a matter of fact, I probably can.


Bitch what you squat? Why you Bumping? Don't do that. Why I Squat? Why you bumping squad? I why you bumping up on Joe? Hold, hold On, hold on, hold on. You might, you might wanna pump your brakes a little bit and talk to some of my teammates that asking. That's 4 0 5 right there. Joe. Ojo don't catch no spa suicide grip. Hold on. O don't catch no her name out here trying to lift no 4 0 5. Man. Hey Joe, Joe. I was doing 4 0 5 when I was in the league, Joe. I was squat six 50 when I was in the league, Joe. I worked out lineman. Joe, you Can't squat, you can't, you can't squat six 50 with a two plus suit. Hold on Joe. See that? Why? I know you don't know if You know you, you have you ever been in the two suit? Hey Joe, Joe, you see, Have you ever been in a two-ply suit?


No, I only, I only wear three piece. Exactly Joe. Every, Hey Joe. That's why I know he don't know nothing about that. No. Every time, every time I say I do something Right. He never believed me until I have people that come on that play with me. Ain't nobody gonna come off. I can call Chip call. He Can call chip. Call chip, call Ray Chip or Chip Martin. He'll tell you. Yes, I know Ocho In Baltimore. Outman. I worked out with the lineman. All I know pound for pound. When I was in the league, I was the second strongest player. I was 225 pounds with a max of four 70. Well you was the second strongest player on your team maybe? No, in the league body weight, pound for pound.


Man. Hey, you did that with no, with no spot man. No, I no by myself. Yeah. Hey, he probably listen. Hey, that it was probably elevated. They probably had some help. Yeah. Ain't no elevator. Hey, you see pull it back. You can see what's back there. You can see what's back there. Hey on. You see these arms? Look how I take it down and slow and control Lord Cho by myself. Let you, my chest. That is a bench. Hey, that's a, that's a magic trick. I don't believe that. Hey, look, look, I gotta see that for myself. That's, that's my a a a Joe. That's AI Joe. That's ai. That ain't real. Yeah. Okay. Ai, Ai.


Hey Chad, that's ai. Don't, don't believe that A ain't gonna lie to you. That's one thing. The Chad no, the Chad. No. Hey look, I ain't gonna lie to you. They ain't nothing but some squat weight for me. Boy. I ain't, I ain't sitting, I ain't gonna sit here and lie to you. I ain't Finn try to get under there and lift no 4 0 5. Boy please. Hey Joe. It ain't that hard Joe. He just, just look like that. You know y'all got d You know football players have different bills from basketball players for sure. I do. Joe, look at me, Joe. I do, I do lick at my arms, Bro. You go here, you go, here you go. Look at my arms, Joe. But hey, Give, I tell you what. Oh, Joe, give me six weeks. What you gonna do at six? What you, what you, you get you six? Give me six weeks.


What you talking about? Okay. You want, you wanna do Ocho, you really wanna do this? You know I work out every day, huh? No, I said do you really Wanna do this? Do I work out every day? I, I ain't played football in 12 years. I work out every day. Like I'm finna get a How long you think it's been since I played football? Damn. You think I retired yesterday? I'm I'm telling you, I work out every day. Like I'm finna get a phone call. You just never know. Just in case. I, you, I've been, I've been retired 22 years. Okay. Okay. With double Hip. What you wanna do? I mean, what you wanna do? Stick You know what? On your I I'll be you. I wouldn't even put my feet on the floor.


Man. Listen, six weeks, what you wanna do? I could hold my feet up too. What you saying? Hey Ojo aunt, I'll be, I'll be you with my feet up like this Here. I, I could do, I could do the same thing. It's all about, all about Unc all about Core. At that point, at that point I got, Hey, you see I wig up my feet that be wiggling about feet on a bitch with you. Alright. I wanna, I wanna know what's up with this six week challenge. What you trying to do? Because I love, I love a good competition. I thought you ain't wasting my time with you, man. See, that's what I thought. Because You know what's up. You Don't want no smoke with Me. You know better. You know what it line OO Joe. Don't let him get your blood pressure up.


O Joe. Accept. Hey, I'm good Joe. Joe, I'm good Joe. Okay. But when it come to competing, can't nobody see me in nothing. I don't care who it is or what it is. And Joe, this what I do, Joe. Man, Ocho, I don't even, I don't even really live like that no more Ocho, but for you man lost his mind over there. Yeah. I mean, Ocho, you can't even do three 15. How you gonna tell me what I can do? I'll do it tomorrow, Unc, before my flight. I'll do it before my flight tomorrow to show you. Hey, lifting weight ain't nothing to me. Huh? I've Been hold, I'm trying to think. Hold on. What we going, hold on. Listen, lemme finish. I've been pushing weight since the eighties.


I've been lifting weight since the eighties. Alright. Right now. What you talking About? I know, huh? Hey Joe. Joe, I done done it all Joe. Well, I was a mule for the cartel. Joe. What you talking about? This what I do? Hey, look at this. Look at that. Let me lemme put it in the camera for you So you can see Joe. You see that? That's 30 inches, boy, that's 30. What? That's half of that. Hey, I dunno about y'all. I to waste my time about, Hey Joe. I I took a nap today, Joe. Yeah, I tell, I I took a nap today, So I'm, you must be had something to drink too. Think you could, you could, you could.


I be Ain't drink nothing. This avion You in spiked with something mellow, responded to Michael Beasley's challenge to play one on one. I'm not losing one on game, bro. I've never lost a one-on-one game. I'm not saying I'm going out there playing what I'm saying. I got ridiculed for doing this ish at the highest level for being a one-on-one end. Joe, I DMed are flooded with people telling me to ask you if you beat mellow one-on-one and I think I beat anybody. Okay Joe, I think I beat anybody. Here's why I tell y'all. I think the one-on-one game is very different versus, You know, playing in a five on five setting. Yes. You have isolation, You know, one-on-one at the top, at the top.


That's how you got the name is O Joe. Hey man, I've been doing this for a long time now. I've been doing it long time. That's like you gotta do they not, do they not understand what ISO means? Yeah, but you, but You know, You know, as athletes, man, everybody feel like, You know, they, they, they can't be beat. But I tell you what, I tell y'all what's gonna happen. I think all these matchups I do think they going happen. I think they, they may happen under, You know, different conditions meaning, You know, we gonna have to get it together, You know, get the sponsors right. You know. But they definitely, probably more than likely going to happen for sure. Because I know the fans wanna see it. Look anywhere I go, since we brought this topic up or since Lance and and Beasley has played, this is all the talk has been about.


So I know, I know the people, I know the chat wanna see it. I know everybody want to see it, so I'm sure it's gonna happen. Yeah. I I I think that's dope too. A different dynamic, You know, for those that aren't playing in a structured environment, five B five anymore and have competition, a one-on-one competition and it's something that can continue to, this can be big too. Boy, That's what I'm saying, Ocho that's all I'm saying. It, it, it, it can become very, very big and somebody sitting on the meal tickets, somebody sitting on the golden ose or golden golden egg, whatever you want to call it for, for NBA players. And this can also falter into other sports too, When you talking about one-on-one setting.


Yeah. One, one, one-on-one setting. They could listen. It could be football, it could be basketball. I, I'm not, if there's anything else out, out outside of that, that would be interesting tool to us culturally that people wanna see. But football and in basketball would be really, really dope. Yeah, I know everybody wanna see, see these basketball matchups, man. And they going to, it'll be fun. It'll be interesting as well. It is something I'm very intrigued about. So it it is going to happen. We we gonna do it for the culture. We're gonna do it for the fans for sure. Yeah. It gotta make sense first. Now we ain't go, we ain't just, we ain't just getting out there. Just get out there now. Hello? Hello. There you go. No, hell nah. You gotta make, you gotta make, if it make dollars, it makes sense.


There we go. There we go. Hey, Tyler Hero says he doesn't believe in history before 1950. I don't believe anything that happened before 1950 for real. Like how do we know, when did Christopher Columbus come to America? The land, whatever they said 1492. How do we know? I think think these young kids just be saying stuff to say stuff, Hey, we in different era Uncle Ocho. Everybody want to have a viral moment now. Right. Everybody has a platform. Everybody speak they mind. So it is, it is, it is a lot different now. And they, and think about it, Ocho guys, they taking, they taking history out, out outta the schools.


Oh yeah. Yeah. Hey, who, who, whose idea was that? That was Trump? Huh? Changing the curriculum and stuff. Huh? Trying To race history. So we don't know things that happened before we were here. And that's crazy. I-I-C-I-I could I understand. We, I mean, I mean, did he got grandparents? So if they tell him something I I'm sure his grandparents b was born before 1950. He, He, he from Tallah. Hiro now from the crib. Is he from Miami? Nah, nah. Where? I don't know where he from, but I mean, so anything that his grandparents tell him he don't believe his grandparents were born before 1950. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


I, I don't know.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my teams game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice bragging rights. A cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge Entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


This Is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Can't Afford Ozempic Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the e and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Hey, I I I, Yeah, let's move on from this. I don't even wanna talk about this. Hey, change this out guys. Tyreke Hill runs a ten one five to win the a hundred meters at the last chance Sprint series. Joe, take a look at this. Yeah. Hey, somebody was right there with him. Now who, who was that? Who was that Caman second next tore boy. He was Moving, I don't know. Hold on, hold on. Who was that he was racing against? He he was, it is called the a hundred meters at the last Chance Sprint series. That boy got some wheels on him man. Yeah, he, he could run by, but you gotta understand Tyreek is still heavy for a sprinter.


In order for Tyreek to be a, like a legit sprinter, Tyreek needs to be somewhere between one 50 and 1 65 55. Tyreek weighs about 180 5. Tyreek bought Tyreek. Big bro. Yes. No, no. Allows weigh like 1 60, 1 65 tops. Yeah. Sprinters are, I don't know if you've ever seen them, but they especially they are, they are small. Very small. Hey, but Tyree got too much muscle. Yeah, You know what? And he said it though Joe. He said I, he, I he got two muscle bound. He dropped. He said he dropped like a 10. He, so he's like 180 5. Hey, that's a, and I look and people are like, well they got high school guys running.


But you gotta realize Tyreek is not especially in track. Right. Tyreek is a football player. Yeah, he's a football player. So lemme ask you a question. How many of those guys in high school that can, that run ten one or 9 9 2 can run a stop route to run a speed out, to run a dig, to run a over, to run a comeback. See you take Zero. Anybody that can do something that they don't normally do and do it at an elite level, I take my hat off. Yeah, I take my hat off. You know if, if, if a Anthony Ant man come out there and he ran a comeback and he run like that, that boy that pretty good boy. A guy that ain't ran around in seven, eight years. Yeah.


Tyreek don't really tyreek trains to be a football player. Now those guys that run that 9 9 2, how many of 'em gonna go cross the mill and catch that ball? Shoot, They, they didn't have alligator arms. I seen like I seen Guy, I've seen guys faster than that as Ronaldo o' Nemeyer. What it's like to catch a football. He ran that shallow cross. Hey he was, It was a, it was, it was zoned. He was fast. He ran it like a man. He went right back to track. Hey you Go back and pull it up. Google it. You wasdo nearby. I remember he was fast as hell. What? Yeah. Hey hold on. On Ocho, did y see the dude speed and what's the, in national hall?


Yeah. Y'all seen him? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Speed ain't beating Tyreek. The one thing Tyreek got is get out. Yeah. He ain't beating him in a 40. I he, he hey in a 40 Tyreek really might beat no lives. He can't beat him in a hundred. No but in a 40. Yeah, But look Noah Lau's strength is the back half of the race and Yes, because he a legit, he's turned himself into a a hundred meter runner. Yes sir. But he's ex, he's a 200 meter runner. Runner. That's why Usain was so good. Usain Bolt was a 200 meter runner. So he got strength if he could ever get out there. If he could ever, if he's even with you after 10 meters, Bye is a wrap.


Bye. And so he's a long strider. So once he gets unwound, oh man. That's why I still believe had he run through the tape in Beijing that night in 2008 and I still believe that was that that would've been fa That was, that was, that was might have been nine five. Five or below. Yeah, because you gotta think about it the last 10 meters on Joe, he's doing this, he's pounding his chest sideways. Yeah. And he still ran sub nine seven. Yeah. And boy, he ran a time celebrating the last 10 meters that nobody in the history has ever run running through the tape.


Tyson Gay and Johann Blake, they got the second fastest time. Nine Six south at 9 6 9. Yeah. He ran 9, 6, 8 and celebrated the last 10 meters. Mm. Yeah. Now you special man. Oh man. It was something to watch too. You got, I mean it's always great to see somebody see a professional, do what they do professionally. Yeah. I saw Michael Johnson run to 200 meters and run to 400 meters at the Olympic trials because in 96 the Olympic trials were in Atlanta. Yeah, yeah. So I saw him break the world record and I saw him run sub 44 into 400 meters to see them guys, to see them in their element.


Just like to see step for LeBron or Luca to see somebody in that element. What is what, what is that training? What is that training like for, for something like that? The Track? Yeah. Oh boy. You don't want it's hell, you don't want no part of that. Yeah, because they run it. Because they run it because it, see the thing with Mic Michael was very unique. Michael. Like, he, like, he had it like, okay, my goal is he wanted to have both world records, but he knew he couldn't break them at the simultaneous. Right. So he focused on one, he went and got the two. So he got the 200 record. And so now he set his sight on the 400. Yeah. Because Lee Evans, Lee Evans dead, Lee Evans Sr.


Had the world record. He ran that in Mexico City above altitude in 1968. The record held until Butch Reynolds broke it. He ran 43, I think Butch ran 43, 29, 43, 27. And then Michael broke it at the World Championships in 1999 in Seville at 43 18. Yeah. And then they Wade van Knee, Kurt broke it in the Olympics in 2016 in Rio he ran 43 0 3. Yeah. I'm, I'm asking because I know both of y'all ran track, right? I did. I played, no, no, no, no. I ran track. He didn't run no track. I played, I ran track. Okay. Do what? Don't YI Played soccer, You know, soccer's my love, man. I ain't run no track. I ran track.


My daughter run track. That's why when you asked by what the tracks training life. Yeah. Explain it. And I be walking As ha as hell Joe. Well I won't know that. Especially if like, like for 400 meters they run a lot of, they run a lot of 600 meters. Yeah, they do. I mean they run a lot of six, 400 meters. Because see, the thing what Michael had is that Michael had 400 meters. So when he dropped down the 200, he had the speed. So, but when he go to 400, he had this turnover so he could, so Micah could run it any kinda way you wanted to. His style was very unique. You might not ever see that again. A guy that could run sub, I mean he could run sub 44 and rub and rub sub run sub 20, sub 20.


It ran 1932. Yeah, from lane three. Now put him out in there in LA because there, if you go back and look at it now, look at it all the fast times in the 200, they come from lanes five, six or seven if he'd have been out there. Because we used to think middle of the track with the, but best lanes 3, 4, 5, now it's like 5, 6, 7. But that endurance, that work that they put in O Joe is rigorous because when I, when I run, when we run, we would run, we would run 2110s. Joe, you had 14 seconds to make it and then you get 45 seconds rest that. Yep. Yeah. And I didn't see my daughter run them two fifties. Them three.


Yeah, 300. We run a lot of 200. We run two hundreds. We have, you run two hundreds, we have 32, we like 32 seconds. And then we walk back across and then we take off again. So we run 20 of those, we run 15, one fifties. Oh. Then jumbo day was Friday. So we run three, four hundreds, three three hundreds, 3, 200, 3, 1 fifties. And you had to make all the, hun you had to make the four hundreds in under a minute. So you couldn't, you had to run at least a minute. And then, hey, when you do, when you do the 400, you get to walk that one lap. And when you get back to the, when you get back to the top, you start, But you can only take, you only you only got four minutes though, Joe.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you, you ain't no take no 10 minutes. You had four minutes to recover. That was your recovery time. See I ran the, I ran the 400 in, in high school. That wasn't my event, but I ran it. But so it was cool for me. I could, I could easily, I could easily make a minute. No strain whatsoever. Well Let's do it right now. Race me in the 400 then race me in the 400. Huh? You wanna base a man with artificial hill Pump? I ain't trying, I ain't trying to hear you. Oh, excuse. You got, excuse me? You got an excuse race me in the 400. You retired after I stopped running. Nah, I ain't, Ain't trying to hear that. Race. Me in the 400 next Daddy. You wanna take advantage of a man that ain't got no real hip Man, listen man. Hey, handicap or not everybody can get it with bet 5,900.


What? No, we got 50. No, we got triple, we got like, we got like salary bet on this bench press. Okay, Hold on. Why? Why we do, why gotta just be bench press, let's compete in everything. Let Ben you, that's What you, what you wanna do. Ocho I I wanna race, I wanna play P ball, let's do basketball. I wanna do all type, I wanna do all type of stuff. O How about Ocho? We can make it like I got unofficial. We can make it like I'm not running. We can make it. Larry and I tell, I tell y'all what? I tell y'all what we can do. We can, we can bet on this ping pong table Now, Joe. Don't Look, look, look, look, look, look, Unc, you, you claim the Chinese people come over there and train with you. Unc They what claim they do? They, they, they, what you claim they do? Hey, hey, hey.


That's, that's a, that's, that's a good bet. That's a good bet for all three. Boy. I tell You'all up. So Cat rag. Do you hear me? Yo, Don't play with me on the, I Ain't played in a while. I ain't played in a while though. I know. I play around a lot, Joe. You done seen me play tennis. Do not, do not play with me on the ping pong table. Joe. Ocho ojo ocho. I'm telling you. Hey, hey Ocho. You got that? You got that? You got that cushion. You got the paddy paddles, don't you Joe? Man, I got the wood paddles, the padded paddle I got whatever you need. Yeah. I ain't play, I ain't played, I ain't, I ain't played a whole lot with them. The, the paddy paddles. I, we normally play with the sandpaper. You remember sand? Yeah, I remember the sandpaper paddles that they, Hey see them paddy ones?


You got, you put that little spin on that boy here. Oh. You could put, ain't no returning that. You better, you better keep that little wooden powder you got. No that, huh? That that ain't what you want, Joe. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Ask about me. Ask about me, Man. Come on man. Ask about me in overtime man. Ask my homeboy buck weed. I know Buck Weed might see this. Ask some boys about me on Ask him boys about me on the ping pong battles. Man. That's what I do, man. At Hadley Park in overtime at Gibson. When it come to ping pong table at Mo Park. That's what I do. I'm telling you Joe, you don't wanna do that, man, You know. Hey man, do that to yourself Joe. Ocho Ocho I'm gonna be in Miami in a couple weeks, brother. Oh man. Holler, let your boy, I come back, listen, I fly to the south of France in the morning.


Right. I'm there till the 20th. And when I get back, I'm here. Alright. Y'all, y'all, y'all practicing and stuff here. We playing, practicing. I'm gonna be down. Okay. I'm gonna come to the practice. I'm gonna take y'all boy. I'm gonna take y'all boys to Sies. No, no. Yo, this ain't gonna be that type of party. No, no, no. We no, not like that. Just to go eat. Just to go. We just going eat. We Got plenty of places we can go eat. Okay. Yeah. We got plenty of places. We got plenty of places we go eat now. I know, I know. I just, You know, I just want, it is like a little fellas trip. Yeah. I, I got you. I got you. I got you. Okay. Yeah, because You know you, You know y'all come with me. You, we ain't gotta pay everything free. How we, how we, how we watch this game tomorrow? It's gonna be on CBS.


Oh yeah. Yeah. On CBS four o'clock. Man. The Detroit f we play four o'clock. We play against the trip. It's a team that I played with, You know my entirety time playing here with the big three. So it's, it is going to be a good one, man. Make sure y'all tuned in. Hey Ojo, cam heard your response to his Madden criticism and this is how he responded. Uhoh. Let's take a listen to what Cam had to say. Uhoh. Okay. Listen to this to right now. And it just hit my spirit, Mr. Chad Johnson. Chad Ochocinco, I got a good bet for you.


It taking too long, man. Come on man. Get it out. Since I got respect for you and your platforms with Nightcap. I know you got respect for me and my platform with fourth to one. How about this? We play our best two outta three Madden match with 85 or less teams. And the Loser gets to sacrifice their platform for a night or a week. So fourth to one. If you win, Nightcap takes over. If I win Nightcap, it's taken over by Fourth to one. Oh, I, Oh, I see what it mean.


Okay, okay, okay. I like that. I like that. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. I like that. Bet I, I like that bet. I don't, I don't like his bet though. That's nice. I I, I go for Best outta three though. Teams like, listen, I play with the Dolphins. I, I, I, I don't know. You know what you talking about? I, I I play with The Dolphins always have played with the Dolphins. Obviously that's, that's, that's hometown. But Cam, I know you gonna see this boy. You know I love you boy. You hear me? You know how I feel about you, but I'm gonna whoop your ass. I'm, I'm gonna whoop your ass in Madden. You know, You know I am when it comes to competing. Hmm. So whenever you do outside Atlanta, matter of fact Cam, I'm coming to Fellowship. I want you to hook, I want you to hook the Xbox your PlayStation up at, at your cigar bar in Atlanta at Fellowship.


'cause I'm gonna smoke. I'm gonna smoke you and I'm gonna smoke smokers cigar at the same time. Now holler let you Oh yeah. You know I man, Joe, you ever been to Fellowship? Nah, I ain't been. I ain't never been. They got some good ass food. Oh yeah. Hey, wow. Yeah man, I'm have to go check 'em out. Yeah. Hey Joe got damn wings, Boy. They like that wings, lamb chops man. Listen, they got, they got like tacos, those brisket tacos that fake no short ribs, tacos. Yeah. Yeah. They got some real good food. Yeah, they got real good food. Yeah. I'm gonna go check them out this upcoming week, man. Huh? You smoke Agar Joe? Oh yeah. The grit grits, Joe. You smoke Cigars? Nah. Yeah, but so I'm waiting for you to send me mine.


Huh? I'm waiting for you to send me my cigars, man. You been telling me you gonna send me cigars for two months, man. I don't want just smoke no anything. Okay, I got you. I got you. I got you. Dak has a two in five postseason record and has never advanced past the divisional round despite being the number one seed in 2016. The franchise won his last championship in 1995. The says winning a championship is personal. I want to win a championship. The legacy, whatever comes after I finish playing will take care of itself. I want to win a championship being be damn just for my legacy or if that's the team is for my personal being and my, and for my sanity, the legacy will take care of itself.


Hey them boys. Hey, we gonna be ready this year Uncle Ocho. We, You a Cowboys Fan man. I done told you that already. Man. Stop acting like that. All right. Okay. Right. You did. You did. My bad. My bad, my bad, my bad. My bad, my bad. Yeah. Hey, hey. I like to hear Dak talk like that man. It lets me know he's preparing the right way and he looking forward to the season, man. He looking to shut a lot of you guys up. Yeah. Yeah. I, listen, listen, I don't, I don't never say nothing bad about the Cowboys. I try to support every player as much as possible until I just can't defend you anymore. Listen, I like Jerry. I like the move that Jerry made this season in adding another weapon, You know, alongside C Lamb and bringing George Pickens in.


Outside of that, it's, it's all the onus is all on D now, You know, there, there are no excuses from an offensive standpoint. You got the weapon re around you to get it done. Especially to be able to compete that NFC East. We ready baby. Hey, when, when you got your main guy talking like that, expect good things to come. Yeah. You hear me? Hold On. But he also, he, he also needs to take care of sticks too. Jerry. Need to go ahead and pay the man. Stop waiting till the last goddamn minute number 11. Yeah. Yeah. You need to go ahead and pay mic a man. You know, You know, You know Jerry, he like to wait last minute man. He gonna get him taken care. You know, You know, You know how he act. Ocho, There ain't ain't no need for that. Ain't no need, ain't no need to keep dragging it out.


We, we know you control, we know you run the show. We know you cut the checks. There's no need to drag it out. It don't, it don't have to be a, a circus. It don't even be no be no theatrics Every time a fireworks. Just pay the man, let the man focus and, and, and do what he need to do so he can prepare for the season. Yes. It's the mental game he play. It's the mental game. He let it build up, You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I, I understand. I understand. Yeah. But You know, he, he, he gonna take care of Michael man for the season to jump off, Michael. Just keep working hard, baby. Keep preparing. 'cause we gotta make some noise this year. Man. I ain't gonna lie. Ocho I almost jumped out the bandwagon. I was, hold on. I almost jumped off. Why? What happened? The Cowboys man Frustrated, huh?


And Yeah, it be, it be like that some time. Boy, I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna tell you no lie. Ain't gonna tell you a lie. Listen, I'm, I, my, my Bangals man, Boy, we got y'all this year. We play the Bingos this year. I Would, I would hope not. But this ain't what you want, Huh? I would hope. I would hope not because this ain't what y'all want. We'll put up 55 on y'all. Don't do that. You got, see you got feel. Here you go. Act like, You know we got, oh, we got, oh, we got the best receiver in the game over there in Cincinnati. Huh? We, Yeah. Y'all got, yeah, y'all got a bad one? Yeah, Two of 'em. Yeah. Act like, You know, Ain't worry about that. Cowboys play the Bengals.


This shit up. I don't think so. They y'all beat the Bengals beat 'em last year, Joe. Yeah, I know. That's last year. That's old news, bro. They don't, if, hey, hey, if it ain't happened probably yesterday, I don't really remember. So let's move on now. Oh, you remember? You remember that ass cutting y too. Y'all, Joe, y'all gotta do something, man. Y'all gotta do something about this. Y'all looking, y'all, y'all looking real bad, Joe. We getting together. You see, you our quarterback, you hear Ain't talking. He told to shut some of y'all up, man. Y'all talking about the NFC all this. Yeah. All right.


Wait. You do. So what y'all do about the Eagles? Hold On. Huh? Hey Joe, you do know who in your division, Right? I do man. I know, I know. Okay, I'm just Checking. You know you got a Super Bowl chance. Right? I know, I know. How You do understand how, how much the commanders have improved. Right. I understand that Ojo. Okay. Okay. I'm I'm just checking. Hey, but you gotta take it one year at a time and just 'cause you done that last year, that don't mean you're gonna carry over and you're gonna do the exact same thing the next year. Oh, I can. It's been carrying over for y'all. Y'all been sucking off last 30 years, Joe. Come on, come on, come on. You gotta chill now. Come on now. Come on now. Hey, and the Eagle's looking at Ja Alexander Ocho. What?


So they gonna have Keon on one side? Ja Alexander and then who De Jean in the slot. And guess what? There been some rumblings that Washington's trying to get TJ Watt from Steelers. What? Oh my God. I mean the e well, the E the Eagles want him, but the Washington, Washington and the Eagles. Mm. Hey man, Hey Howie, may I salute you man, Jeffrey, may I salute you man, that's, that's, that, that's ownership. That'd be crazy.


Hey, why would they give him up though? Who, Who? Who he won. I mean, tj, TJ won. He want that, what you call him? He want that Miles Garrett? Yeah. He want that type money. He want that DeMar chase. Why? Why the stealer won't pay, man, the steel is cheap, man. They not cheap, but You know, they don't know after like a couple of contracts, they ain't really trying to play nobody but the quarterback. Yeah. How Old is TJ now though? Huh? TJ About 31. Yeah, But the man, he gave you 11 and a half sacks. You know? You know. How do You know how the business work? I do. I absolutely know how to Mm mm huh? He's 30, he'll be 31 this year when he, when he be I hope he don't go to Washington.


I bet you do. Well you, Hey the Eagles, the Eagles are trying to get him too. Yeah, I don't, he don't need to go to neither one of them. Hey, if he go to the Eagles, Unc, that, that, that's over. Oh, man. That's not fair, man. It's over. That's not fair. Couldn't nobody do that with that front fo last year. Now you add TJ Wat over there in, in Philly, like come on man. With with with Carter collapsing the pocket inside and him on the edge. Stop playing. No. Yeah, that, that, that, that, that. That'd be, Ooh, Now I can, I can see him. I can see him over, over in Washington now. Especially, and especially right before, they haven't had to pay Jayden Danes yet. They got the money to do so.


They need, they, they need to take care of Terry McLaurin first. Then you could think about Brother tj. Why Man, tj man, they need to go and pay that man his money. Go and give him, go on to give him 36, go and give him $80 million to sign. Yeah. I don't know why you even wanna lose a guy like that, man, because they ocho if you really think about it, they ain't really paying nobody but dk. Who else they paying On? What cam The quarterback, your quarterback ain't making up to 10 million. Could make up to 20 million. Right. He could make up to 20 million. Ain't nobody really making no money but him.


That's why it don't make no sense to me. Oh, don't know. I mean, that was a good, I mean he making 28 million. He probably like 10th or 11th on highest paid. Right. And he one of, he one of the two or three best outside linebackers when you talk about him and, and Micah. Yeah. And Miles. Yeah. What Miles got 40? What? Whatever. See I look now they got, they got, they got got outs. They got OLB, they got rush ins. Right. It used to be either you are in or you an outside backer. Now they got Rush in, they got, so Now hold on. Now You know the, the, depending on the definitive definition of your position, it does change the money.


You know that right? Yeah. Okay. All he says, I got a defensive player of the year. I've led the league in Sacks numerous times. Yes sir. Break me off. That's it. That's it. Simple as That. If you don't want to, somebody else will. Yep.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card, you can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms, see rates and fees.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my team's game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice bragging rights. A cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge Entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two. Can't afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and F FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ocho a man dropped his $200,000 watch in the ocean. Check this out. OCHO Joe. POV. You dropped a $200,000 watch in the ocean. What color was green? It's a green drop and it's like titanium, like stainless steel kind of. Oh shit. It's Titanium il So it's pretty light. It's Pretty light. And it has a green rubber band. Okay. You found it?


You don't Yeah, that's what I, Hey, I think that it was green. That was probably the Richard Millie 1102. It was about about 195. About 200,000. The first thing I was finna say, he had to break that man off, man. Leave five. You got, you got. Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. What? Or 10%? You gotta give him 10%. Five to speak. I didn't Even, I didn't even, I didn't even get off his wrist anyway. Man.


Water man. I mean, we Hada got, he was out there on Jet skis, lost his Super Bowl ring. Mm. Why you on a jet? Okay. The same reason why you wearing a $205 watch is women. Yeah, that's, that's The see time? Mm mm Alright ocho it is time for our final say Ocho. Enjoy it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and eight. Ocho. Hold up. James Revelo said I got more faith in Howard Stern's little buddy Beetlejuice to balance my checkbook than I do.


Ocho benching 300 plus pounds. Well You know what? That that's, You know, You know what? Okay, bet. Appreciate that. But let be, let Beatle juice balance your checkbook then. And let me know why that turns out. Johnny Kiro said, what's up Fucking Ocho Joe. It's Elliot love the show. Ocho, you ain't even stronger than me. And he and I'm only 1 40, 180 5. And those 1 44 9. You couldn't get, you couldn't get a rep laughing my, You know what off. Oh, is gonna smoke you on the bench. I am. And Ocho don't believe me, bruh. That's Fine. I Don't, You know what Ocho I want Ocho this, this is what I'm gonna do. I'm make it easy. No, don't make It easy. Keep it How it is. No, no, no. I want di I want dinner.


I want dinner at a restaurant of my choosing for up to 10 people. And then I'll send you to Poppy's for up to 10 people. Poppy. The steakhouse I eat free there. That don't count. Nah, Well, wherever, wherever you want to eat at in Miami. Okay. Okay. Be I Y'all right back. Hey, Hey, hey. Why y'all speaking restaurant? Oh, don't forget now you, yeah, you still owe me What old you Joe? Yeah, dinner. We had betted a dinner. You lost what? I bet. What we bet on Joe. Yeah. And here you go. Hey, there you go. I'm sorry. You need to Joe, you need to chill Joe. I Need you.


See how He at go Joe? Hey. Oh Joe, Joe need to chill man. Oh, oh, man. What? See, who, who? You better. Who what? Be better Joe. Man, we better. Damn. I, I'm out to think. But we better. You lost and you lost the dinner man. So they talking about restaurants and all that. Yeah. You down. Cool. Would I, when I come to, or I come to Atlanta? Where you wanna go? You wanna go to Chops? What? You wanna go? Yeah, we said that's what it was. We said we were going to Chops. Okay. We go to Chops. Done. Done all. What the hell is Chop? Wait, look. If I don't remind y'all every time we get on here, but I ain't gonna let Y'all forget. I I, I be forgetting for real, Joe. I, I'm old now. Man, Now you just, you ain't crazy.


You just play crazy. I know. That's that about you boy. I Don't Yeah, good times Sauce. Say what's good ing on Yo Joe. Best nighttime show for sure. Keep up the great work. Y'all got. Me and my friends laughing appreciate Timothy. Hundred percent. Oh Joe, I'll school you in on the pool table. Put something on it. Ooh, I know y'all pool table on that. Yeah. Oh, Joe, hold on. Pool table. I there res I'm the magician. I beat fat. I beat Moscone. I beat Miss Rat. Man, listen man, I beat the Black Widow. I beat Vivin. I be un Come on Addison Fish. I beat Talk about it Man.


You started to acting like Ocho without He Ocho he name. Listen the best of the house on Hall Day. Listen, They, hey, I played PO for real Joe. Like I paid, I played at the amateur level. They called me the Black Widow. I don't know. I don't know what the hell I don't Know about. Nah, they just call you black. You heard me? I I played pool at the professional levels. Yo. That's all, all I had to do. That's, I couldn't do nothing. You know, Joe, where I'm from out here in the city, all I could do was play sports. Well there wasn't no football season. That's what we did. We went swimming, we played pong and we played pool. And we went bowl and we went Bowling. What we, lemme ask you a question. What we play? Oh Joe, what we what Joe? What we playing? Oh, we played eight ball. We playing nine ball. What we playing man, we playing eight ball.


Well we playing eight ball. We okay. We playing like you normally play. Look, then I think that them two games, I think we, us three, three can battle out ping pong and pool. And I don't think y'all got a chance in hell to beat me. I'm just going to keep it 100 100. I got a pool tape in the crib. Okay. I got one too. I mean, I got, I got a, I got a ping pong table and a pool table here. So what? And guess what? And I, and, and, and the, the pool table cover, if I flip it up, it is a ping pong table. So whatever you wanna do, Joe, make it outta yourself. Okay. Alright. Hey, no You, now you got the elementary table. I ain't playing on that elementary table. I I I got a professional table. Nine foot.


You got a nine foot? We playing that big nine Foot. Yeah. I got the professional table. Ain't, we ain't playing no six foot on no seven foot table. Yeah. That, that's what don't about that. All that. The only, the only the only foot I gonna put foot senior. Both of y'all. That's the only, that's the only fu Good thing. Debbie Jackson Ocho, you don't want this Madden work in South Beach when 26 drops. Mm Man. Well if you on South Beach, boy hardly I'll let you. Boy bro. I I, I'd be there. I'd be there. Hey, but get send me, send me your address. I'll come to your house. There's one thing about it. If You know me, Chad, I don't know if you follow me throughout my, throughout my life and career, You know, I, I show up to people, house to play.


I don't play when it, when it come to games don't challenge me. That's why I don't understand why Kim even think he can beat me. And I show up to people houses. Like that's what I do. I'm, I'm on that. Kim ain't on that. What's up baby? Dab Smith said be saying can you get done when you need to get it done. When you absolutely have to have it. The MVP showed up down the stretch and he got it done. OK, C and six. Okay. C you think? Oh six. Okay. C and six. Okay. C in seven, Joe. Oh. Oh. End it man. Listen, Indy been fighting but I don't You gonna switch up on me Joe, you gonna switch up on Me? But I ain't switched up on you. I've been with OKC the whole time. Okay. I'm just making sure.


All Right. I I think it but, but I, yeah, I'm gonna say six on. I'm gonna say six. So they go with the next three, next two. Jj JJ Carver said bailed out by the refs. I just don't like all these free throws. I don't like 71 free throws. That's too much Joe. It is. It's a lot of free throws. They ain't selling though man. Like I said, they were three for 17 from the three, they shot 17 threes man. Guys known to take teams tripling that, right? Oh yeah, for sure. I think You know OKC had the onus tonight. The meaning that, You know, they wasn't gonna settle for too many jump shots. They was going to put the onus on the refs. They was going to attack the basket and tonight they did that.


Man. The refs, You know, gave 'em good whistle. Marco Polo TV said S-G-A-M-V-P-J wills or thrill. Caruso is heaven. OKC and seven. Dwayne Lockhart said Thunder had three terrible shooting turnover games and a Tide. If they clean it up, turnover to make at least 30% of the threes. OKC takes game five, six and five and six easy. I don't know about that. Pamela dude Diba said ISO Joe. Two questions. Do you remember the last time you referred to as Joe? Jesus, are you at OCHO still linking up in the Hamptons for the pickleball game? Listen, the last time I was referred to as Joe Jesus I was playing in Brooklyn.


Kevin Garnett gave me that, that name. Man, I had to, I had to, Hey look, I had to pull KG to the side. Say look, we gonna have to chill out on this Joe Jesus thing. This thing ain't getting outta hand. These people walking around calling you Jesus. That's a little different. You know what I mean? I can't, we gotta chill out on something. This kg probably one one was one of the best in giving out nicknames. Ocho, I gonna need you to stay tuned with me on that Hamptons trip. Now. I'm still working. Ready? Well, I'm ready. I'm working, I'm working the logistics out. I need to know if you can got some good lateral movement though. Ocho Okay. Okay. Hey, y'all been dis Yeah, y'all been disrespecting me all night tonight, man. First Cam, I ain't saying you didn't have it.


I ain't say you didn't have it. I just, I ain't never seen you play pickleball. That's all I'm saying. No, I have the best lateral movement and feet in any sport ever. Across the south. No, in the world Still to this day. Yes. And I, yes. And I'm saying that with, with the elite, with straight confidence. Okay. All right. I'm ready. Hey, when, when is this? When it is? It's gonna be there. It's supposed to be the end of July. Okay. Back we going to the handfuls with the rich people. Well Chief bro said two questions for Joe Johnson. How was the chemistry on the Hawks teams when you played and how tough were the seven game series versus the Celtics in 2008?


The chemistry on the Hawks team was always great, bro. We, we, we was like brothers man. We had a great vibe. Not just on the court but off the court as well. We hung out. We, I mean we did everything together. I think how tough it was playing against the Celtics, it was very tough. 'cause at the time, You know they was the best defensive team in the NBA. Yep. They the best defensive team in the NBA. So, You know, we talk about Shay and how they should double him. Man, I would come across half Court or ocho they were, KG was doubling me. He was coming off his man. I'm talking about, I wasn't even a threat. 1 1 1 dribble cross half court. Them. They was doubling me. Yeah. Yeah. Go look it up. Go watch him.


Kevin said Would KD or Janni be a better fit for the Spurs? Kd, kd, kd because you got a, you got a great point Guard and D Fox who gonna do a lot of the, You know, ball handling distributor. Yep. And if you got a guy like KD next to him, KD gonna have so many wide open jump shots. 'cause Fox gonna put a lot of pressure on that because he, he break you down man. What man, they Hey and Giannis needs the ball. Yeah. And you got D and Fox KD really? KD can, KD can get you 30 with 15 to 17 shots low. Yeah. Yeah. Really efficient. Pat Dobb said with old school trends coming back, which haircut from your younger days would you guys bring back?


I want haircut I've ever had. So Jerry Curl Ocho a guy cut Ocho hair. He ain't eat. Hey, Hey Listen Joe, I'd be the first one to do a Jerry Curl, Joe. No, You do Jerry Curl. I had Jerry Curl. I ain't playing. I, I'd be, I'd be the first one to do it. Hey man, everybody had Jerry Curl. They done gone bald now. I don't know how you kept your hair joking. Hey look, God took care of me. He took his time with me. Unc don't worry about it. Hey listen, I I I you better went to Turkey. I lemme find out you went to Turkey. Hey, hey, I might bring, I might bring the flat top back. I don't know man. I don't know right now. I'll go with my little light fro.


I got, Hey, hey, hey. If can I go to Turkey? Can they, can they feel my beard in it? So don't, so it don't grow in patchy. What They gonna get the hair from? Because You know the facial hair is different than the hair on your head. I I I have no idea. I just know everybody goes to Turkey to fix whatever hair situation they have. I just wanna know if they, Well let 'em put some pubic hair on you, Joe. That bag has a pubic hair for a beer. But let it go ojo. It ain't worth it, brother. I I, I was just thinking about it. 'cause I, I I know the, I know the, I know the women. Not that the women, it matters what the women want and just about what mine want. But I want my beer like, like James Hardwick it growing food.


Yeah. Now Ed, that ain't for grow like that. You know ain't gonna grow like that. No, that shit. Oh. Yours gonna be splotchy. Be little patchy. Little patchy. You Know, I thought the people in Turkey can fix that situation. That's what I thought. Ocho, where they gonna get the hair from? That's the, it's, that's, I mean, I don't know. I Don't, they gotta take your hair Ocho So what you want a blonde, a blonde beard? Nah, Nah, I just, I just, I don't know. You ain't Got no hair. What up? Y'all know y'all know they got them little man units you can put on your head. Yeah. Or you can get you a little man. Got they got, they got Little man, they got Beard Man units, don't you? I I get one of like a lace wig. Like a lace a la Yeah. Okay. Okay. We gonna talk about you, but you can get you one. Yeah. I, You know, they listen, they, they talk about Jesus.


So, You know, I ain't really tripping about that. They sure did. Yeah, they sure did. And I'm gonna talk about you. So I I wasn't there to talk about him, so I got you. Mike, Mike Carley said we need Nightcap Game Night Live. Mm. We might, You know what? That might be something we do next year, spade. We all get together. We all get together and watch the game live and stream that live. Oh man. That'll be fire. That'll be fire. Hey, hey. That'll be fire. I like that. But we need to get the, we need to get the feed like we had in the bubble when I watched the game. Let remember they had, you have to get the live feed so you could actually, so it's not delayed.


'cause it it be delayed. It's, it is delayed if you don't have that live feed. Oh, we can do that. They ain't be no problem. Yeah, I like that. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. The series is tied. Two two OKC Go on the road, do what they needed to do. Get at least one game to go back for game five and OKC tied two, two, thanks to a 1 11, 1 0 4 victory Shae, 35 points. Jalen Williams had 27, Shea had eight points in the final four minutes on free throws as they pull away in the end. And win one 11 to 1 0 4 series is tied. Going back to OKC, Sunday, game five is Sunday night.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Onk Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler Chad Ochocinco Johnson, and the third member of the team, Arkansas Native University of Arkansas, alum seven time All star, 20,000 point career score. Hello, that is ISO Joe Joe Johnson. And we also want a, a special thanks to Antoine Walker. Three time all star NBA champ for joining us. To break down the game, please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you for your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth.


Because it's because of you that we've been able to become so successful here at Nightcap. We can't thank you enough. Thank you for your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. Now if you can't find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you ordered online, we'll ship it directly to your door is the best tasting and premium VSOP cognac on the market. Try it. You will not be disappointed. Please drink responsible and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. Please grab yours while supplies last.


OCHO will be in France next week, but Joe will hold. Joe and I will hold the fort down while OCHO is gone. Ocho drum up some business while you over there, bro. I got you baby. I got you baby. I got you. I got you. So, we'll, good luck. Travel safe and we'll see you in a week, Joe. I'll see when we, Joe will be back on Sunday, Joe, back on Monday. Monday. Monday. I'll be back on Sunday. So maybe, maybe Joe be back on Sunday. But we know he'll definitely be back on Monday. All y'all gotta do is hit my line, baby. Y'all know what it is, so thank you. Oh. Oh, Joe. Joe, well thank you Chad. Appreciate you.


Hi Chad. I'm gonna see y'all. The volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand, sacrifice and support at American Public University. We honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The rural way of life is about making everyone feel at home. Tractor supply shows advanced 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform intelligent customer service. Together we put the power of AI to work across 2200 stores, keeping things running seamlessly inside curbside and countryside. This is elevated customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two, can't afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight Loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. This is an iHeart podcast.