
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hair thinning can happen for so many reasons, whether it's stress or hormones or anything. At Nutri Fall, we've learned that real change starts below the surface. Our hair growth supplements take a whole body approach and target the key root causes of hair thinning. So you can see visibly thicker, stronger hair in three to six months. Hair growth starts from the inside@nutrafall.com. That's N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com.


I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters, So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes, that's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Legg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are. With all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did you know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when call in the early stages, colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And the convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had EDUs have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 and 49 in estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why? Either their sleek ad free user interface enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Mitch, every Parent Dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory, or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. halls.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute. And architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


OCHO Bobby Porters suspended 25 games after he mistakenly took painkiller Tramadol rather than Toradol Port Ascend statement. I was dealing with an elbow injury and using an NBA approved medication for plant pain and inflammation. During that time, I made an honest mistake and took a pain reducing anti-inflammatory pill that is not approved. I feel terrible. I recognize that I'm responsible for what I put in my body. Porters took painkiller unintentionally said his agent Porters thought he was taking Toradol, which you can get it in a pill form or the injective right? Because I know I've got plenty of them shots in my butt. Oh yeah, yeah. Was proved he was taking Porters didn't realize that he was taking tramadol, which is was properly prescribed but is on the NBA's band, ubstance list.


Doc River said he believed the punishment shouldn't be so severe given the circumstances. I mean, given the circumstances, obviously as a player, you gotta know what you're putting in your body, obviously. Don't you have people that you talk to before you, even you, you get, you get any type of prescrip prescriptions or you know, there's, I mean this, they got so they got the resources, the, you know, the, the team could give you that. Yeah, the team could give you that. Yeah. Whatever it is you need. You have somebody if they, if we had it when I was playing, I know they, I know good and well, they got it now. Hey, you go to the head trainer, Hey, listen, my my elbow man is bothering me. It's swelling upon me. Can you get something for me? Can you gimme something?


So, I mean, it's like, it's, it's kind of hard to believe. Like how do you not know? How do, how do you not know? Because if you need anything, everything you need is right there in house. You ain't even gotta go outside for that man. Y'all, y'all to talk about. Yes. Guys, when you take, when you take a Toradol and it's basically like, it's a, it's a pain medication. Yeah. But boy, you feel so good. I mean, I like, I I ain't smoking no weed and I don't know what it's like, but you feel like, boy, you feel invisible now you feel like, yo, your ass got beat with a bat once you get done with that game. Yeah, once it go down. Yeah. Yeah. But you get an injection in your butt and so that's what, boy, y'all, y'all take everything.


Y'all try to make everything sexual. I, I question a lot of you guys. No, no, seriously. Don't. Yo a a lot of these guys, I really question them because they so consumed with that kind of stuff. I'm like, damn, this is the way we talk. I mean, I, like I said, I don't know what's in the locker room on your, I've been removed 20 years from the locker room. Right, right. So I don't know how it is now, but when we talk like, Hey man, hey you got you. Hey, you got that? Yeah, you got that. You got that shot, you got that button, you got that shot in the butt. I mean, OCHO used to be a line. Yeah. The only, it wasn't no one or two. It was a line to get that. I ain't the field ocho. I, I don't, like I said, I know there is a, a pill, but I didn't take it. Yeah, gimme that shot. I need that thing to work quick.


Yeah. I, I had, I had the pill. I had the pill when, when I tore my labrum. Yeah. I tore my labrum from six to 12. Yeah. But I didn't miss no time. And so I, I, I, I wore harness harness put that harness on there So you couldn't raise it. Yeah. So, so I couldn't raise it all the way. So I wore a harness and I took, and I took for about maybe three weeks. I took the toilet, I took the pill. Man, I wasn't playing with that needle. Oh, no sir. If it ain't a tattoo, I'm not doing it. Oh no. I'll give you that needle because I didn't, if ain't that pill it, that pill it gotta digest it gotta the liver gotta break it down. It gotta get processed. The old baby, I need that thing just like that rose spark right away. Huh? Now if they can put it up under my tongue and it dissolves up on to get that blood screen, count your boy here, count your boy here. But it wasn't doing that.


That shot that shot getting in that bloodstream pot. Yeah. Oh yeah. And so, look, no Ocho, I took, I took shots in my butt. I took them in my ribs, I took them in my ankles. I took them in my shoulders. Ah, ah, man, look. Hey, hey, I had to get out there, I had to get it right. Mary Porter had to eat right. Kids had to eat. So, like I said, and, and that's the thing though. Ocho like you said, they got, they do got, but see, the thing is Ocho the problem with you, we've heard it so much. People lie, oh, my massage therapist rubbed me down with this cream. And that's how that steroid got in my body. Oh, you know what, somebody, somebody I, my protein shake and somebody put this in my body.


So, so now we've become so distrusted and it could have been an honest mistake Ocho and actuality it could have been an honest mistake. Yes sir. Sir, yes sir. But because people have lied so much and contaminated our thought process, right. Nah, hell no. You going, hey, 25, slap that 25 up on you. Yeah. I mean, but what you, you think about it. You think about it. I'm just saying if there's something wrong with you Yeah. The first place you go to is your training room right there in the facility. Right. They get you everything you want. You don't even have to go outside. There's no point. Yeah. You have every resource known to man right there. It's the NBA huh? Get it. This ain't high school.


This ain't your high school basketball team. Remember it's all, what, what do the pills look like? Is it sugar and a salt situation that you don't know what it is until you taste it. And then by that far it's too far down. It's too far down. Now me ocho when I got like certain supplements like, Hey Greek, what you thinking? You know, Hey, he's like, Sharpie, let me do some research. Sharpie is not on the list. But if I was you, I wouldn't do it. That's why I always, Steve Antonopoulos, we call him Greek. And when I was in Baltimore, John Tess endorse, we call him Big Tess. Like, Hey Tess, what you think? Well, Sharpie, I think you're good to go shoot me straight because I'm gonna tell, say, look, I went to my athletic trainer and I went to my athletic trainer and they said, we good to go.


So if it's a lie, you need to suspend them because I ain't going nowhere. Because I remember when they started, when they put DHEA on that list, guys were taking DHEA. Oh yeah. Got popped. You know? And they ended up ephedra. Yeah. When the, when the guy, I don't know. You weren't in the league the time when Rested Soul? Corey Stringer. Oh, the lion. The lion. Corey from the, from the Vikings. From the Vikings. Yes. They banned the Fedra. You know, guys used to take Ephedra because that A, it speeds your heart rate up. You sweat. Ooh, boy, look here. Right. You talking about drop seven, eight pounds in a day, just like that. Look at his sweat. Yeah, man. But boy you a ooh, you talking about sweating.


Right. Like Michael Jackson before the verdict was red. You sweating like that. You, you know what I'm saying? On Cho. Oh hey. But no, and like I said, it could have been an honest mistake. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But Ocho but like you said, with all the resources and you got now don't even chance it guys. Yeah. It is hard. Don't, don't even chance. It don't even chance it. But I don't know. Oh, that's what I'm saying. You said, man, I'm scared of that needless tattoo, bro. You get, I, I, like I said, I don't have no tattoo, so I don't know if, but I hear Hold on, hold on. Wait. You, you gotta understand now I've seen what the needle look like when it's time to get that Toradol.


And I've seen the needle when I'm getting, listen, I got 43 tattoos. You can't see 'em, but I got 'em. Yeah. Yeah. They, they hard to see. But I got 'em. And it's some, it's, it's, it's a, it's a, a, a pain that, that is bearable to me. I it is weird. It is weird. I can, I can sit there, I can sit there for a four or five hour session, but you not sticking me with that toilet oil needle. That ain't happening. Gimme that needle. Uhuh, gimme that needle. No sir. Hey, I didn't hang ocho. I, I can't tell you man. I can't sit there. I can't sit there and let you. Now look, obviously you got fatty tissue in your butt, got muscle. But boy, think about Ocho when they hit that bone in them ankles or they going through your ribs or they hitting you.


They hit that, that neither this long and they going in that shoulder and they gotta move it around because they gotta get as much medicine in there. And then many different areas. Man, please hold on. I'm thinking about too, now I'm thinking about, I'm thinking about tattoos with hurts really bad. You don't have any, I'm so people there in the chat that probably have you get the tattoo on the shin on like right on the bone? Yeah. Any on the, on the inner, on the inside. Like the, the inside of the arm. Like where you use, it's, you know I have a leg sleeve, right? Yeah. On the, on the, the back, the back of the quad or the ham, not the quad, the, the back of the hamstring. Right.


Man, man, listen here man. Man, listen here man be, I can't, I can't do that though, Joe. I ain't gonna lie to you. My kids, my son got a tattoo. Yeah. My daughter got a tattoo, bro. My daughter got a tattoo against my wishes. Yeah. I took her ass right up there to get it taken off. You serious? Hell yeah. I heard you back. Oh. What you, what you doing? You gotta let the kids live a little bit when they get out my house. They can live all they want to spread your wings. But you in my nest. Hold on. You made your daughter get the tattoo removed? Yeah, I did You see how much was the procedure?


Probably about $2,000. Who paid for it? I did. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Oh, she backed to Holly. 'cause I, I could smell the flesh burning but me. Daddy don't call me down. You, you didn't call, you didn't say Daddy, you wanna go get the tattoo right after I told you not to. Oh, you. Oh see, okay. Okay. You didn't say that. You didn't say that. You say, you said, I thought you, you might have told her ahead of time. Listen, don't get no tattoos in your, I told her ahead of time don't get no tattoos at all. At all. So I didn't know nothing about, I ain't know nothing about this cream. I guess there's a cream that you put on it Right. To help it, help it heal.


Right. And so my girl, I was like, she's my girlfriend's like, what is this? I was like, I don't know what it is. Kayla, Kayla bought this. So she like, you know, Googled it. Right. So one day, well, don't laugh you man. It was about before she went to school. Right. I said, Kayla come down Uhoh, I'm getting dressed. I said, bring you down. Said no. So she came down, she had her underwear on because I knew she was gonna try to hide it. Right.


I said, turn, turn side. She, Kayla stopped playing in my face. You see I, Hey Ocho, you said, Hey, did you get mad? Did you curse? Boy, look here Ocho. I say you. I said, girl, Lord. I I said Kayla, go upstairs. I said, I said, but You know you gonna get that air shot there. Right. Hold on. You know you. Huh? I need better context. She was young. Right? She probably was 17, 18. Don't she got a boy name? Huh? Kayla. Oh wait, you made her get rid of her own Nate?


No, she had something. Whatever Rihanna had down her rib cage. Right. That's what she had. So whatever that try, y'all know what I'm talking about. Y'all know that tattoo that Rihanna got down her rib cage. That's what she got. That's nothing bad though. What? I mean, I told her not to get a tattoo until she get out the house. Once you get out the house, you can do whatever you wanna do. You do what you wanna do, do what you wanna do. You're not gonna, you not gonna blatantly go, Hey you, you too strict now you, you too strict. Then, then oh Joe, it was about a hundred degrees. She got a scarf around her neck. Ocho, we at Ocho, we at Houstons.


And I'm looking at her. I'm like, hold on, maybe it's just me. I said, well maybe it's maybe if it cold I got on. So I'm looking around at everybody, everybody in, in, in Houston. And I'm looking around. I'm like, well damn, I'm just like this at Ocho. She Kayla, Kayla, she what? She what she got on her neck. I said, I said Kayla, why you, why you got a scarf on you like, you know I'm a little cold. I said, Kayla, it's a hundred degrees. So again, Ocho, you know me girl, take that damn scarf off. You like a damn food. Well she had, she done got this thing right here pierced.


I go eat, eat your food. Hey, hey ho, so at this, Hey, go eat your food. Hey, hey, if you didn't know better, you thought Kayla was on death row, man it took that girl two hours to eat a burg. Surprise because she know. Oh she know. Hey, hold on. Don't tell me you made a remove of Pearson. Ain't one way to do things.


You not gonna be, you not going look here, you not going, you not gonna disrespect your my house. You running in prison over there, man. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh God, all I'm saying is if I tell you not to do something, don't do it. Don't do it. Hey, you got, you got me in tears. Hey, when you, when you see her? She gonna be on the tour. Ask her, she'll tell you no My daddy. My daddy. What Y'all see my, she gonna tell you, daddy, you done lighten up a lot. I didn't play that. Don't, don't play with me like that because you hold on. So you just, you basically just trying my authority. Okay. Oh man.


Yeah, no, I'm going back and forth with you. I ain't going back and forth. Hold, hold on. Not to scarfing a hundred degree weather. Yeah, well hey, she came down there. Hey Ocho. Hey. I said hey my man. Hey, don't even worry about it. The bill probably was like, it was four of us because nah, it was three of us. So it probably, the bill probably like, I ain't even give my credit card. I put $200. I said this your cover it. I said come on. I dropped my girl off at that. I said, come on. I said, where you get this ish from? She said, I got Jessica come on little five points. Right. Drove right on back over there. I said, well man, hey, hey Mr. Sharp, you doing?


I ain't doing too good. You about to do, you about be about to be doing a lot worse. Hey, he took that inch right on out goy. No, but that's a good, that's a good one now. And I told her look, when she got, she, I I don't know if she got tattoos now, but if that's what she wanted my son. No, I said bro, don't, Hey don't you get no tattoo before you get to, hey, once you get, once you get 18 and you get on you in college Right. And you out my house. Do what you want to do. Have at it. Get your whole body tatted. That's your money, that's your body.


You wanna look a damn fool have at it. But you not going do that in my house. That's not going to happen. Nah, no, no. She stayed with me her junior, senior high school. She stayed with me. No. Oh man. And hey, I took care of that. She wasn't gonna get pregnant. I wasn't gonna be, I wasn't gonna be no 40-year-old grand. No. Hell, how old I been Kayla? No, I wasn't been finna be no 28, no 43, 40 4-year-old granddad. That that ain't, that wasn't happening. So. Right. Like I said, but I think the thing is Ocho, my kids know how I am. We got great relationships now.


They understand how I am. My dad, dad don't play. He very serious. We don't joke. I didn't play pillow fight with my, my kids. I ain't do no water fighting with no no water balloon or none of that stuff. I'm tear, Hey, we don't, I don't play like that. You laughing at you. I don't play like that. Hey, hey boy, you was over there running the household like the green mile boy. Man, Ocho this kid be trying me man. They be trying their parents and their parents be letting them get away with that stuff. Oh man, hell no. Boy could you, Hey, could you imagine if I was your child growing up? Boy, you a hey hell boy.


Boy, look here, boy. A I, hey, like my grandma say, my grandma used to tell me all the time, boy, don't make me hurt. You told me Don, me, don't I, I would've, I would've gave you. Hell boy, you, first of all like, like the thing, the thing I was really worried about with the kid, my daughter's obviously pregnancy, but my son like, bro, look here man, dog. Hey, he act up. His mom called me. I said, put him on the phone. Yeah. I was like, really dude, you got your mom calling? Your mom calling me?


What? What, what did you say? What did you do? I said don't. I said boy key. Don't make me come home. Don't make me come home and hurt you. Man. I, I got, I got lucky on that end, boy. Yeah. I, I got, I got, I got lucky on the end. As far as the kids, obviously it's a huge testament to mamas girl because none, none of they mama played that. You know what I'm talking about. Man, don't, don't play well. No, you can't. You can't remember back in the day, remember back in the day how we we'd get tore up. Yeah.


They mamas like that. Yeah. You have to Mel, no issues. They ain't never, we ain't never had no issues. They ain't had no problems. Like maybe, maybe once. That's it. Yeah. Man. Mamas don't play Nathaniel. I always told the kids the way you behave with me. Right. Would be that same way with your mom. If your mom tell you one time to do something, I don't tell y'all twice the first time. Thunder. Right the second time. Lightning. You don't want that lightning. Right. I'm not Finn to go, Hey, didn't I tell y'all to stop that? Didn't I tell y'all to take that trash out? Did Right. I told my daughter, said, Hey, look here, I need you to wash, run these dishes and and once the dishwasher is done with 'em, I need you to dry and put 'em up.


Yeah. One time I told her one time, mocho, I got up. That's when I was eating around the clock. Right. Every two and a half hours I was eating around the clock. Yeah. I got up dishwasher beeping. I was like, But I, it was beeping. It didn't really dawn on me. What's that beeping? I opened a dish about three o'clock in the morning. I walked right upstairs. I I come on, you ain't ready. The girls up at no three o'clock in the morning are no dishes. When you see her, when you see her, ask her, oh hey, I would've ran.


Hey, I would've ran away from you. Boy, I would've ran away from home. I would've ran away from home. 'cause you coulda you could've when you could've waited till early in the morning. No, before I had to go to school. I told have to walk, have them dishes dry and put up before we went to bed at nine o'clock before I went to bed. Now, hey, if I'd, if I'd told, if I'd have told her that, Hey, there's a, there's a pile of money. She remember that. Okay. I said, okay, y'all wanna, y'all play? Okay. Say we playing now. That's what we on. I don't, I don't know. Hey, I don't.


That's why, that's why the problem is Ocho I don't believe I could, I I can be a parent right now in, in today's society. Right. Because of the kids. I don't, I don't, I don't tolerate disrespect for my kids. Yeah. I mean, yeah, it won't work under no circumstances. Don't you raise your boy. I wish my kids would've ever raised their voice at me. I wish they'd ever slammed the door in my house. Right. Boy please. I've told the who fuck with me with their ass, man. I don't play like that, man.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five dirt, four Peja is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm Mad 'em, I left them Off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so Tough. That's why we tap these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is Back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. You're like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, Joe Michael responded to comments on his podcast today. He tweeted LOLI wanna, do people hate my podcast because it's actually good? Or do people hate it because it's bad? Because hella people in the NBA and NFL have podcasts and no one has a problem. Yeah, I look it Ocho I'll beat I'll beat you the F up if you stop your podcast, you have a voice and a platform, use it or deal with the consequences from me. Listen, I I I like it. I I like the podcast. I like the era that we're in. Obviously the national media was in control of the narrative and the perception of athletes. Yes. I like the fact that athletes now have a voice. They cut the middleman out.


Yes. They cut the middleman. And I, I, I like the fact that I don't think it gets in the way. I don't think it's a distraction because when it's time to play the game of football and that whistle blows everything on the outside of that, it doesn't matter. You don't see it. We don't see it. I don't know how other people operate where they allow things on the outside to affect them when it's time to play football. That's just not me. And I look at Micah Parson as one of those type of individuals who plays it the highest level and is really good in what I call a depressive situation. Wearing that star on his helmet. And he always showed up to the occasion. Now at times he might say things he shouldn't say because it puts pressure on everybody else around him where they have to, they have to show up to the party for some of the things he says.


But other than that man talk, you talk, people want to hear about it. Yeah. You know, everybody else is hush hush. Everybody else quiet. You know, you have a game, you have a good game, you have a bad game. He doesn't hide. No. He talk, he talk. When he win, he talk when they lose. I think more fans should embrace that. I agree with Jojo. I I just think the thing is, let let, bro, the only problem I got with Micah, as did he talk so positive about everybody else, players, but he doesn't talk positive about his own quarterback. He's hyping Joe Burrow. Joe Burrow should have been the MVP Joe Burrow. Joe Bur Joe Burrow.


He was bas he was, he was basing off statistics though. Huh? All I know is that when he said top 10 quarterbacks, his quarterback wasn't one of them. So let me ask you a question. Did they ask Ochocinco a top 10 quarterback? Even if Carson isn't one of them, you leaving him out? No. You're not. No, no. He, he, he gonna be in there regardless. No, thank you. He he gonna be in there regardless. That's all, that's all I'm saying. Think and, and then obviously I, I don't think Michael was probably thinking about it like that. Obviously when the, when the question was asked, you know, he was just, you know, just rambling off what he thought, who he felt his top 10 were and not putting Dak in it. Probably it, it should have dawned on him. But we talking about a defensive player, I'm an offensive player. So the first thing I'm gonna name is obviously my quarterback. Who's responsible for my, my success.


I agree. Now if you, if if it was CD Lamb who was asked that same question, guess when be in that top 10 Right. And probably gonna be the first quarterback. He says, ask me what the best safety was. Speed at water. Yeah. I'm taking my guys, right. They're like, yeah this is no hey there're been guys, there are great guys. You, but I'm saying I won championship. Those guys ain't win no championship. You not gonna win no championship with Joe Burrow unless you get traded there. It's gonna be Dak. I'm always gonna point my guy up. Right, right, right, right. I'm always, I'm always gonna praise my dog. I don't give a damn if he can't, can't do nothing but sit on the porch. That's my dog though. So I don't care if your dog can dial the phone.


That ain't got nothing to do with me. Right. That's not my dog. My dog lazy. But that's mine. So I'm always, always gonna hype up. I'm gonna hype up my guy. Right. But that look, he has a way of doing thing. I think the thing is he's gonna learn this trial and error when you talk as much as we talk and I tell people this all the time. When you talk for a living, you are going to make some mistakes. You're gonna say because sometimes you talking faster than your brain is processing it. Yeah. So you gonna, yay. Sometimes you gonna open your mind and the toe gonna pop out because you got your foot in your mind. It, it happens ocho. Yeah. Think about how much I talk for it. Nightcap I got, I got two shows of ESPN. I got five shows a Nightcap.


I got club. Yeah. It's gonna happen. Thank you. You know, people ask me all the time, say man, how you don't lose your voice? Because when I go home I don't talk. And this is the one thing, and this is the one thing about Michael Parsons having a podcast too, is I know what, I know what I get on the field from him on Sundays quarter one, quarter two, quarter three, quarter four. I know what I get. Ain't no question about it. I can close my eyes, I can tell you what he gonna do. It don't matter who he playing. So he gets a little leeway. It that matter. Now everybody else, if you ain't out there on the goddamn field and you ain't doing nothing, there's no reason for you to be talking after the game or having a podcast in the first place 'cause you ain't doing your job and you ain't doing your job on Sunday.


What is that for you to talk about? Right. So it's different. All 32 teams attended the HBCU combine. We can't make an NFL team grab HBCU players or pick them. But you can show what their abilities are as four or five of these guys. To me that can be in this league. I agree. No, we're not, we're not saying look, but if you don't see, if you don't see 'em obviously on your scouts had to come see. Yeah. What Savannah State had to offer, I mean they came and they tested as my junior year. They came and looked. We had a couple of guys, like we had a guy named Bobby Curtis and he was outstanding. And So, you know, they would come down and obviously when some, You know, you hear about, hey man, this guy might go to the NFL, some scout's gonna be there.


We played Central Florida and you know, we played teams like that play Georgia Southern. Right. Okay. Scout's gonna be there. Oh, I'm gonna shine. You might come there looking for somebody, but I guarantee you when you leave, you gonna ask Who that number two? Yeah. Yeah. Every time. Hey Bill that number two. Hey, that, that, that he a sophomore. Okay. And that's, that's one, that's one thing I always say. Huh? The I and the scout don't lie. No. A lot of players, they always focus on focus on going to the right school, you know, going to the PWIs and I listen, it don't matter where you go because when the, when the scouts turn on the film, all you gotta do is pop out on, pop out on tape. That's it. Right. If you, if you, if you really who you think you are, it don't matter where you go that that's, it is what you do when you get there, they will find you.


You can play football with the Sisters of the North in Alaska. When they turn the film on and they see that certain number that's always active and popping out on film, it's easy to stand down. If everybody wearing white and there's one person in black, you gonna be able to notice it right away when you turn on the film, they will notice you. Yeah. It doesn't matter. You, hey, I tell you what, you don't know what number my number is. Go watch Savannah stage. I guarantee you at the end of the game you like, man, who is that? Number two? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And matter of fact, and if you do, if you do, if you do go to smaller schools and you don't pop out on film there, then what you gonna do when you at a bigger school?


Yes. Come on now. If you really, who you think you are, man, man don't get me started. I'm not, I'm not here to preach it ain't Sunday. But that's how I was. I was always, I always wanted to show out, show up ocho. 'cause I remember we had ocho, we got, hold on what they call 'em Jamboree. You know the jam? Did y'all have jamborees? We had jamboree in high school at my Atlanta stadium. At my Orlando. Yeah. Yes. So you played one team for half and then you play another team for half that. And then that team would play that other team for a half. So we had those. And so we had a spring my senior year we had my, my junior, we had a spring game and we had this, this player and coach was like, coach Hall was gonna put us all in team together and stack the team to make sure I said, nah, I wanna be on the other team.


Right. Because I knew all the scouts, Lamson, Georgia, South Carolina, all the scouts was gonna be there. Hey, graveyard had to show up Ocho nothing. No sir. Yeah. No sir. I I they cutting up. No sir. Hey, on him graveyard with him. Hey. Oh Joe, I'm telling you, when I left the field, there were bodies everywhere. That's how Graveyard was here. Those was good old days. I missed those. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Greg may have lost the beef to Kendrick, but he has certainly not lost his charity.


A couple of videos have surfaced from the shows in Sydney. First he noticed a pregnant woman in the March pit. Let's check out the video. I saw a sign that somebody said they were 20 weeks pregnant in the pit. Get your ass outta the pit. Yes. Are you 20 weeks pregnant? Get outta the pit, get out there, get the camera on her. Get that baby outta the pit asap. Come here yo get her some VIB tickets immediately at like $30,000. Stop pit. Get that.


What the is wrong with? What that Love that Who brings a baby to a monster fit? I love that. I love it. Big K makes me hate that dude. I don't care. I don't hate it. Yeah. Hey listen, that's dope. That's real dope. Obviously understanding the, the dangers of being in the Mar Pitt, especially depending on what song he plays, having the baby there not really healthy. 'cause the people around you ain't really paying attention and really don't care that you, that you pregnant and Oh listen, and to add the cherry on top, he offered 30,001 thing. If you, you know about Drake. Oh yeah. He, he gonna, he gonna take care of you now.


He's a generous individual. Yes. Yeah. That's, that's lie. That was dope. I like that. That was dope. Ocho and then Yes sir. Drake did this. Oh, another one. I like this sound right here. He says Rock, rock paper scissors to buy his dad a birthday card. You ready? You ready? Get him on camera though. Oh wait, you gotta put one camera on him and one camera on me. We doing raw paper scissors to buy your dad a birthday card. Think about it. Oh shit. This my game boy. You ready? 1, 2, 3.


You lost. I'll give you one more. Think about it. Think about it. 1, 2, 3. Ooh, tied it up. 1, 2, 3. Oh, tied it up. 1, 2, 3. You lost again? Yeah. Play. Play the noise where he loses. Mm. I'm still gonna give you $20,000. So you don't have APA scis though? I'll win. Alright, one more. One more one. Hey, that's live man.


Listen, it's one thing to put on a concert to get out there and perform, sing and then leave. But to be able to have those moments, we able to engage with the crowd and become one with them where it's it is, it's relatable. That's why he's as big as he is. That's why so many people can relate to him and his music because you do stuff like that. Right. Everybody don't do that. Aunt Joe, a man came to a nail salon to get a refund for his girl's. $400 nails. The only problem is they were only $80. The girlfriend fleed him for three 20 ocho. Watch this video. That's a good one.


Yeah. I came in to get like a refund or like my money back. 'cause my girl, she came in earlier and she got some $400 downloads and she was talking about So you were holding her hostage. I'm about to call the cops and then I get, I like, she gets home and bro, it's just some lines out the top. That's not, that's not no $400. Oh. Well first off, I haven't done $400 nails today, so I, I just wanna make that I haven't done $400 nails today. What's her, what's your girlfriend's name? It, Her name's Stacy. She had an eight o'clock appointment in the morning. Today. I'm gonna show you her Z 'cause I don't want, I don't want any drama. No bs. 'cause this is something you're gonna have to figure out with her. But her nails were only $80 today.


Look, here's her, here's her Z It was only $80. My woods. I haven't done now $400 nails today, dude. So nobody was holding anybody hostage or calling the police or anything like that. So you're gonna have to go figure it out with her. But I haven't done no 400 nails. Oh, I know. I think she lied to me. I'm I'm gonna talk to her. No, she definitely lies to you. Oh, she scammed you bro. But I'm not, I'm not the scammer here. She girlfriend. So you better go figure it out. Thank you. Yep. All right, boy. Hey, You know what? Hell, that's his fault, huh? Yeah. That's, that's his fault. Now listen, listen. As, as, as a, as a boyfriend, you supposed to know how much maintenance costs for the woman you dealing with.


You got have some type of background, some type of, some type of knowledge of nails, hair, lashes, wigs, coloring, you know, sewings, you got, you gotta know all that stuff, you know. So he's not, he's not sharp and he's not detailed. And knowing what his woman likes and how much the things cost that she needs for her upkeep. $400. You no better than that. You should know better than that. Yeah. That's like I do nails. Huh? I do lashes, you know. No, I do eyebrows, I thread, you know, I do individuals, I do strips. Like, I'm like, I do my daughter, I do my daughter's makeup.


You, you hear me? So you gotta know that stuff, man. He tripping. Like he don't, he don't really need to have no girlfriend. I, I'm just, I'm just being honest 'cause that's stuff you supposed to know. If your girl asks you, I need $400 to get my nails done, you supposed to look at her. Are you okay? Are you okay? 'cause you think, I don't know no better. You mean from man stop man. Most guys, most guys that they gonna take, they, I mean you take your woman. I mean if you don't take, if you, if if if she tell you a certain number, you don't believe her, well you probably need to move on. Yeah, yeah. Or, or, or what she, what she can do is instead of lying about it, because she'll lie about that if she lie about something that small Right.


She'll lie about something big. And that's my point. If you don't trust, that'll tell you that the money that wasn't cost for her to get the nails. What else you don't trust her about? You need to move on. It's really that simple. Matter of fact, what she did with the rest of the money anyway, might have spent it on her side. Dude, probably. I just, lemme stop that now. I I don't know what she did with it, don't you? I don't, I don't know. I, I, listen maybe she went and got, maybe she went and got her makeup done. Maybe she went and got, you know, got another service provided for her with that extra money. I, I don't know. I look some if, if you tell me shall I need X amount of dollars for my hair? Hey sh I need this and this. Okay, I'm gonna give it to you. I man look here if I got a, if every time I, you ask me for something and if I gotta worry about it, if I'm giving it to you Right, and you doing what you think, that ain't got nothing to do with me.


Right. I can't worry you. I ain't gonna lie to you. Okay. I can't even worry about it. Yeah. I, I I understand what you mean unc but just the fact that I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm well versed and, and and I have expertise in all those areas when it comes to the upkeep and understanding the prices and how they range, you know, varied on what it is you're trying to get. Yeah. That, that ain't gonna work. You ain't finn to pull, you ain't finn to pull the wool over my eyes. I know what everything costs, everything from high end to low end. So how you wanna play the game and matter of fact, you really can't get no money outta me anyway. 'cause half your upkeep. I know how to do it anyway.


Don need, I don't care. Wait, I don't care if a woman does know how to do my upkeep, she ain't cutting no hair. Hey, you on about, I just remember tell me I I need my lashes done. Well come on over here and lay down what you want. Hybrid, plastic, mega volume with what you need. Come on. Come on. Lay down. What you want strips. If you, you in a hurry. I give you some strips real quick. Hell, I give you individuals play with me. If you want to tell about I I need $300, man, get out my face. Nah, I mean that, that's how I am. All right. Look, I I ain't got time. You say, hey, I need, I need X amount for my hair. I need x amount for this. Okay.


I need X amount to get my car fixed. Okay, fine. I'm gonna take your word for it. Hmm. Just be careful now. Yeah, because once, once you break my trust. Oh yeah. It's a wrap. It's a wrap. It's done. And matter. And ma and matter of fact, you know what, I'm gonna leave it alone. We there, I'm gonna leave it alone. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't gonna say it. I ain't gonna say it. I'm gonna leave it alone. Yeah, it's, it's what it is man. Like I said, I be, look, sometimes, I don't know, sometimes people take a, take advantage of your kindness or your generosity or whatever the case may be and you know, it is what it is.


O Joe. Yeah, man. Yeah. It's a situation where, You know, you are like, damn, just be honest, if the nails cost 400, they cost 400. If they cost 200, they cost 200. If they cost a hundred, they cost a hundred. I'm thinking Ocho, it's hard for me to see a scenario 'cause hell, I get my nails done once a week and I, you know, it's at least 110. I mean, sometimes it's like one, I mean some places it's, it's give or take. When I go to Atlanta it's one 40. Right. The lady I did the Tasha. Hey Tasha, I know you watching hers. 1, 1 65 lady here in with five in Vegas, they won 10.


It's what it Right. So it's hard for me to see a scenario that especially women get like, I think they, what they call 'em jails? Acrylics. Yeah. Yeah. J yeah, yeah. Okay. It's hard for me to see a scenario where they, they not gonna be, they gonna be at least what, a one 50? How about jail, nail cough chat you about, you about right. You right up. Yeah. Yeah. So all and nigga, it can, it can, it can get a little bit more expensive. When, when you start to add, when you, when you add the designs, you add the design and stuff. Okay, now you talking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I should, I gotta, a friend of mine, she does, she does nails.


She'll hit up if I knew we just gonna be a talker. Ask how much she charge, man. She probably be trying to break people out. She probably be charging two, $300 because you know, she like, she's, she's like an artist so she can draw stuff on the nails and stuff like that. And I get that. So You know, you, you taking that kind of time. I get it. Somebody said 1 95, 1500 for what? Ain't no cost no 1500. Y'all. If y'all may give y'all $1,500, Hey Tcho, I don't wanna say nothing but leg get one and LeBron had a F piece. Woo. You brought a F Ball.


Wait, who they play? Who they played Portland. And you gotta realize he just played 37, 38 minutes last night followed up. But a back to back. Hold on F Ball Portland. Ain't that good, huh? Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You just tell me all the time in football you play who you play that What You talking me? Say uncle, you gotta play. You play. Oh, I know, I know, I know, I know. And matter of fact, and you know it's LeBron anyway though, because he, he can score 40 on any given night against anybody. So I take that back. Yeah. You know, I take, you know, I take that back. I apologize. I apologize. That man got his age. The man got his age. Yeah. He, he lead like that. He one of the ones Man Foy ball. And he should be all, hey, he should be on the NBA in year 22.


I mean, rightfully so. Rightfully so. I don't think nobody gonna argue that. Like, that Baldman Dlo say that's my, that's what I be listening to. That's what I be on. Are you, oh, you listening to Boss Man? Dlo? Yeah, Mr. Scraper. Okay. Hey, it's, it's a, it's a new album. I, I, I don't know, I'm not sure you, I don't know if you in the r and b or not. I just, as a young, a young bull man that somebody put me on too earlier, had an album came out. I'm not sure when it came out. His name is Leon Thomas. I don't know. I don't know how, I'm not familiar.


Hey. Yeah, listen, I wasn't familiar either, but I'm familiar with him now. Okay. Leon Thomas. You know, it's, it's, it's some good, some I don't, I don't even know what genre music, you know, it would, category would go under, but unc man, I've been listening to him all day long. All day long, all day long. I guarantee you'll like it. I guarantee you Luca didn't play tonight. Ocho. So they're gonna have to find a way to play together because it's not gonna like, okay, Luca, you take the night off. LeBron. You got it. LeBron, you take the night off. Okay, Luca, you got it. They're gonna have to find Officer Reeds had 32. Ooh. I mean, look, ar a a he Billy Kobe.


Oh, he, he at work. I believe he what called, what you call him, he Billy Kobe. I believe, I believe Officer Reeves have the skillset to be, to be an all star. He that good. He that good man. And, and you watch him as a rookie, right? And you watch his second year. You watch his third year. You, man. See, that's why, if you think about it, he, one of the guys like, they ain't not getting off of, they're not getting off of Officer Reeves, right? They not. Nor should they. He a, he liked that. I like it.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five Dirt. Four. Paige Is a lead. Okay? Okay. I'm mad. 'em, I left them off my list, But I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we to have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and roundup of the weeks Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Alright. All right, Ojo. Now it's time to get to our final segment of the evening q and a.


Alright, Ojo, in honor of your struggling hairline. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Who are your top five most influential ball guys of all time? Michael Jordan. Stone Cold. Steve Austin. DMXJ. Ou. Mr. Marcus. I'm gonna start with Mr. Marcus first. I don't know who hood the hell is Mr. Marcus. I mean he influencer. Okay. Oh, he he, hold on, hold on. He's a horizontal influencer. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Michael Jordan obviously he, he goes in that category.


Kojack tell us, tell us the Ballis. Kojack is a good one. That's a good one. What about the Rock? The Rock would be a good one, right? Really? Yeah, for sure. Jaman Han give us free give. Give us free. Hey, what, what was that us Free? What movie was that? Amistad Thomas Star. That's right, that's right. Tupac. Yep. Pac Pac had a full, PAC had a full, full head of hair too. Now remember he had, he had the, the high top fade and, and juice. Yeah. Most people, most people know him from, from, from the ball.


Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But I could say, yeah, Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan made, when Michael Jordan people get hair would grow, they thought, bro, just how you cut your hair bald. That don't mean you could jump like Michael Jordan. You should left your inch alone. Yeah. Yeah. Mike would probably be one. Like Kojack was really the first black, Hey, Lou Gosey Jr. Oh, that's a good one. Oh, I don't think, I don't have Lou Dossey Jr. Ever had hair. I don't, I don't know. You were Brenner. I you were Brenner before your time. Famous actor.


What football player would be B Ball Ocho. B Ball. If there a football player that, that's Ball Like, only what I can think of is oti. Si drunk. I know you don't remember my oldest sister drunk. He played with the Raiders in the seventies. Yeah. I don't really know know when, when, when I think about the scene player, ball player, everybody got goddamn hair or dreads. Yeah. Or, or some kind of something. I guess they, they say, oh, X Man, Xavier McDaniel Shaq. Yeah, Shaq is a good one.


Yeah, because I don't think, did Shaq have, I think Shaq might have had hair his freshman year at LSU maybe. I love Fade. Your boy Tio. Yeah. TT got a TT got a ball. TT got a ball. TKI and Rodney Barber. Ty said, what's up Uncle Ocho? Is there a real chance that Luca don't sign the extension with the Lakers? No. You never say never. But never say never. Ocho. Yeah, I'll say never. He ain't going nowhere. Ocho these people, people up here talking about Jada, picky Kevin do with you Young.


My question, who was that? A who was a basketball player that made the Hall of Fame but didn't win a ring? A bunch of them. Patrick Ewing, Carl Malone, Charles Barkley, a bunch of, yeah. A bunch of guys. A lot of 'em. Elgin, Baylor, Elgin, Baylor retired the year and the next year. And that year the Lakers won the championship. Yeah. There've been plenty of people that that basketball player that that's in the hall didn't win a ring. Isaiah, Lancaster, GaN, Ocho Armon Ross St. Brown said Healthy Lives would beat the Eagles. Who would you take if they played opening at night different, if they played last year, they're healthy.


I still take the Eagles. I think the Eagles were the best team. I said that about week nine, week 10. That the, that I thought, based on what I've seen in totality, you that might be somebody that had a better offense. Somebody might be better on defense and somebody might have better special teams. Yeah. But if I can combine all those ingredients, I thought the Eagles had the best team Mocho. Yeah, that'd be. And so if they play it's, it's different. It's like, well if they play opening night Ocho, it ain't got the same juice, bro. Right. It showed up. If the play juice even open the night juice ain't playoff juice and it definitely ain't NFC championship game or Super Bowl juice. Yeah, but I would, I would take, I would take, I would take the Eagles.


Yeah. If they played this past season in the playoffs and they, in, in both the, I would take the Eagles says also, do you see a blockbuster trade in the NFL taking place in future as big as Luca and ad? Don't we? We, I mean, we've never seen, you don't see 25 year olds get traded that don't want to get traded. It won't happen now equivalent probably would've been Deshaun, but there was some extenuating circumstances that went along with that. Right. But no, I do not see that trade, a trade, a comparable trade. Unless you see Patrick Mahomes get traded.


No. Or Joe Burrow get traded. Josh Allen get traded. But then none of that, none of that will happen for another decade. Yeah. Now if you see Miles Garrett, but Miles Garrett wants to be traded. Miles grad wants to leave. Yeah. If somebody would've traded LT in his prime. Okay. If somebody, you know what I'm saying? Don't show Trade a Prime in his prime trade a jerry, you know, car. Okay. Yeah. But nah, I don't see that happening. Hussle said, oh, bet you a hundred dollars KC wins the championship if healthy. Shannon, I'll give you a hundred dollars super chat if they don't. FG gonna win MVP too. Bet I got SGA winning MVP.


I got that. I got OKC not winning title. Stephen G said question for, do you think Mahomes will retire only playing for Kansas City and Ocho has anyone else route running brought you to tears like Deonte Adams, woo. Boy. I mean, when you think about it, O Joe, think about in the last 20 years, right? Two of the historically great quarterbacks in the history of the game, Peyton Manning and Tom Brady Yeah. Did not finish their careers with the team that drafted him. Right. Joe Montana did not finish his team. We drafted him. Joe Namath, Johnny Uniters did not finish with their careers, with the team that drafted them. I say 85%.


Or they can get to a point where he retires before it even gets to the point where they have opportunity to let him go OCHO or to say, we no longer want your services. Lemme ask you this. Does he retire because he doesn't wanna do it anymore or he tired because his skills are diminishing. But the kind of money he's making, I think he does it when his skills are diminishing and he just can't do it anymore. Samuel Griffith said, Hey, uncle Ocho, if podcast were a thing during your playing days, which of your former teammates would've been a best podcast host? Me and Burns.


Shoot. I'm trying to think. Shoot me, me, probably me and tj. Yeah. Me and TJ would've been cool. Hell shit. And then if I was in Baltimore, it'd probably been me, me and Sugar You Ray. It would've been funny. Yep. J Dub from Acker said Ocho. You see, young brother wanted to purchase a spirit. Are you going to partner up? Who? What? Nah, I I missed that one. I missed that one. Good, I missed that one. Hey, but listen, huh? You, You know, you talk this, you talk about spirit and you notice all these incidents happening. You know the spirit ain't been in, not man, one of 'em because they grounded.


I'm just, it's hard. It's hard to accident when you walk. Listen, I'm just, I'm just throwing that out there, you know? No, no disrespect to other airlines, but when ain't had one issue, I'm just, just keep that in mind. That's for everybody in the chat too. Keep that in mind.


Alright, chat that concludes this episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide G Network today.


Thank you guys. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Unc, that guy, Liberty City Legend, the bing of Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And again, thank you from the Nightcap family to you, thank you for your continued support because without you, there can be no us. You allow us to be special because you treat us special and you're very special. So again, thank you from UNC and ocho. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it.


We'll ship it directly to your door. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shaa by La Porter. So please drink responsibly and be safe. While you're out there. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. Shea, Shea Media, and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just released our Nightcap and Chill collection on Friday. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited. And once they're gone, guys, they're gone. So, biggest news of the day, Wim Victor, wi Manama, it has been shut down for the remainder of the season. He has a blood clot in his right shoulder. They are very optimistic. They're hoping is more in line with what Brandon Ingram dealt with, where he missed the season.


He was able to come back, have a career after that, and not the Chris bot situation that end up ultimately leading to its early retirement. So thank you guys. Check us back. We're back Sunday. I see you, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first, like you know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth. Curt, you don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. So You might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes', why we love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast. It's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.