
If you are a facilities manager at a university, you know, students rely on the cafeteria for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and the occasional late night snack. So when a dishwasher breaks down and dirty plates pile up, the mess hall can turn messy in the blink of an eye. Enter Granger. With over a million industrial grade products and fast delivery, the product you need now is never far away. So you can turn that dishwasher back into a lean, clean washing machine. Call click ranger.com or just stop by Ranger for the ones who get it done.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love, Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow The Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And Imani Packer, a former pro hockey player, and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey, and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four, And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Pac on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday, playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


ESPN shared a video of Mark Gast no confronting Brett Barb at a card show in 2023 in the video. Gaston no expresses his frustration with Barb took a dive during the 2001 regular season finale against the Giants that gave Michael Strahan the single season SAG record. Strahan's record Strahan Sack on the play allowed him to surpass the 22 mark sent by gas. No, in 1984. I'm gonna get my sack back. I don't know how Mark Gas says in the video. I'm going to get my sack back. I don't know how it's over. I mean, look, we, but here's the thing. Ocho, I think look, go back and look at the score.


I think the packages were up, the packages were up like 14 points. Yeah. There was no need for him to throw a pants and then he happened to run a bootleg to that side. Yeah. I mean they, you know, you know, they talk about it. You, you, you know that, huh? And obviously they, they're not gonna admit it. They're not gonna admit it. It's common sense, especially when you see the play a play. Yes. And you already know a time it is just to get in the sack. And I mean, what, what does Gas no mad all these years later for? I mean, Because Ocho I mean, look, you don't mind somebody breaking your record, but damn when they gift it, Right? It's like Ocho it's like if it's like if you got the home run record and somebody throw an underhand pitch, or they throw a 20 mile an hour fast ball.


Yeah. Come on man. Now y'all know down I I I feel you on. But God damn, it's been how many years been, man, God damn theft. He broke the record. He broke the record in 84. Strahan broke it in in in 2001. So it's been twenty, twenty three years. What you call him didn't watt tied. It didn't watt tied. Watt tied it with 22 and a half a couple years ago. Right. When he wasn't defensive player of the year, if I'm not mistaken. And that, that's, that's a little, that's a little too old to be worrying about some record from way back then and mad as you got better gotten, Man, that man removed me from the record books and no, I aint For me, I, first of all, Joe, I, I think for me, the way I look at it, bro, I ain't supposed to have no records anyway.


I was a self round draft pick. Right? Right. So I I, I'm thankful for that. I was able to have anything for any significant period of time. All I know is when I left the game, I had all the records. Right Now, somebody came along and broke. Hey, just like, Hey, the Beatles, Elvis had the records, the Beatles had the records. Michael Jackson had the record. Right? Now we get Drake getting all these streams and everybody doing all this and winning Grammys and so forth. And so it happens. Yeah. Man, I ain't lose Now I did not lose one ounce of sleep. Hey man, Tony broke your record. Okay? And man, you see Gro broke your record. You see Kelsey Ke And So that's, that's how Mark Gasten though, needs to feel exactly enough attitude he to take and, and then be, listen, they problem us had a card sign second, worry about signing your cards and your autograph and get your money and going about your business.


You want to confront Bear Farm about something goddamn 50 years ago? Come on Man. The giants were up. No, the Packers were up by nine with two minutes left in the game. Yeah. And you know, in a situation like that, ain't nobody throwing the football on the Ball. Absolutely Not. Ain't nobody, He, he, he know he helped him out a little bit. OO Ocho. Yeah. He was first down. Yeah.


Yeah. Because sometimes it old like, as, as was Brett scared because sometimes, you know, like some of them old guys, man, you know, they be, they they, they be, they be like really in your face. Yeah. You know, so, I mean, that's the best, look for me, the best part about like going to the hall is like when you go back and you see all those guys and you see Ricky Jack and you see LT and you know, we, they, we laughing and talk. They, they much older than I am. And I, I Only thing I played, I I think I played against Ricky Jack. Ricky Jack might've been in, he was in, he might've been in San Francisco when I saw him. He wasn't in New Orleans because we played the Saints in 94.


Ricky Jack was in, he was in New Orleans at the time. But it, for the bo like I said, for the most part, I, I've never had a situation like that. 'cause I get along with obviously Ozzy and Kalen other guys, I don't really see that much when I go back. I remember John Mackett rest his soul. I see. I used to, I see his wife sometimes when, when, when I would go back. But I mean, we, we, we ain't got no records. We don't care. Excuse me, excuse my language, I don't care enough. Right. I don't, I mean, somebody man, he about to break your ok ain what you want me to do. I, I mean, I wish I could help him.


I wish I could block long enough for so he could get it. I don't. Right. I don't care. Oh look, I did at some point in time, like, you just have to come to the realization that some you broke somebody's record. Yeah. So you want yours to last forever while you broke somebody's Yeah. Listen that the records are records were meant to be broken. Yeah. So Don't care. Nobody don't care. Nobody care. Nobody about that damn record ain like the now if the NFL will say like, if long as you got a record in the NFL, we gonna send you a check. Hey, don't let him get it. Now That's different. Now that's different story. Don't let him get it. Leave. Don't let him get it. A as a matter of fact, they cut me a check for 1500.


I'll slide you a cool 500, make sure you don't get it. They don't say no checks, so I don't care. But They just, they still recognize me when I go back to Denver in Baltimore. Yeah. And one of the most stunning moves in college football history, six time Super Bowl winning coach Phil Belichick was named the new head coach of North Carolina, UNC officials said the size, agreed on a five year deal pending approval from the board of trustees, which is held an emergency meeting Thursday. Bill 72 worked in the NFL capacity since 1975 until the divorce January 11th, 2023.


After 24 seasons with the Patriots. This will be Bill's first co college coaching job. His dad, I think coach from North Carolina from 53 to 55. He's very fond of his dad. He loves his, he adores his dad. As a matter of fact, if I'm not mistaken, he named his son after his dad. Yeah. Yeah. So with that being said, I told you Ocho Yeah. My sources, he was very upset that him being as credentialed as he is, alright. All these head coach and vacancies came available and he didn't get one.


He didn't get one. Ocho It, it, it, it, like, it, it, I'm happy for, I'm happy for Bill, let, let me say that I'm happy for Bill, but the chemistry, the horror and the energy that we have on inside the NFL has been so dope. Being able to work with Bill, being able to see him break down film and, and and, and break down schemes and some of the things that, that, that go on in the football games and, and being able to listen to him and, and see how he sees the game from his per his perspective and his viewpoints. Yeah. So goddamn dope unc man, it was so, it was so dope. It was so dope.


And I'm not sure how, how soon this starts or when he has to leave or or whatnot, but I'm assuming if he just, if he just signed, he signed a five B I'm assuming he's leaving, you know, right away. So I'm not sure if he Yeah, you gotta get, you gotta get to work. Yeah. I'm the portal, the portal going about to go on. Yeah. So that means he not gonna be on next, next week's shooting, huh. I dunno. Damn man. But I'm, I'm happy for him. I'm happy for him. I'm too Damn, man. I mean, look, hey, and you know, I I it is, it is reported that he's gonna make $10 million a year, five year, $50 million deal. Yeah. I mean, it's not like he need the money. Coach Belichick was the highest paid coach because he had both duties. So Coach Belichick was probably making estimates north of $15 million a year.


Yeah. But the better part of a decade, if you look at the way he dressed, he ain't, he ain't, he ain't spending no money on clothes. He ain't spending nothing. Nathaniel, He, he, all he doing is, is cutting up Patriots gear. So I'm happy for him as, as, as, as, as, as you are with your I I I believe that people should do his passion, his coaching. I'm sure he's disappointed that he would've liked to have got one of those NFL jobs last year. And maybe he's hearing around it wasn't no guarantee that it was looking very promising for him this year. OCHO Yeah, You're right. You're right. But I think this is a stepping stone. This might be a stepping tool. This might be a stepping tool to go to the go, go to college, rebuild that program, get them back to what we're used to seeing for the North Carolina Tar Hills, getting them back To they a basketball school.


Yeah. I mean, yeah. But, but nothing. It's a, it's a basketball school. It's a basketball school. But what can Bill do for that team, you know? Yeah. I'm sure gonna have some type of plan together to get them back to the, the prominence and rece, you know, in in the football area of, of things. I think it's gonna be very difficult obviously in this N-I-L-N-I-L era. But, but I, I'm wishing him, wishing him the best and I'm assuming if he can have some success there, I think that unity might happen from beginning in the NFL And you know, look, I know LT went to North Carolina pep Yeah. Julius Peppers went to North Carolina. That mean two of the greatest defensive players in NFL history went to that university.


But it's tough. It's tough when, you know, recruiting at a, at a basketball school, It's Is what it is. Yeah. So, I mean they used to have, they used to have some, Derek Finner was an outstanding running back. Amos Lawrence, they've had some, you know, Hakeem Nicks was a wide receiver. They went to North Carolina Hake. Yeah. They've had, they've had some, you know, some, some decent players that come outta there. Ronald Curry was a two sport guy, played football and basketball. But congratulations Coach Belichick. Yeah. Hopefully you turn that program around. They're gonna be, listen, you know, you're gonna be well coached and like you said, Hey guys that have NFL potential, they'll go to the NFL.


Yeah. People think, oh, I'm go this bro. If you ain't got potential to go to the FI don't give damn who your coach is. You think, you think you could get Usain bolts coach, you think you could get Bobby ey Right. You think you can get one of these track coaches and you a and you running a 10, flat 40 and you think you gonna go to the Olympics? Mm. I can only coach the potential that you have. Right. I don't know what to tell you Joe. I wish there was something I could tell people. Oh, his coach. No he didn't. He got the ability. He had the ability. Now the coach might, can instruct you and give you pointers and teach you technique. Right. But if you don't have the ability to do something, you just don't have the ability And, and, and there's nothing coaching can do for you.


Yes. What I don't care who my music teach is. I ain't playing no instrument. It, it's really, it's, it's really, it's really that simple. Right. But coaches going back to college, congratulations. Lamar Jackson has a new cologne. People may not know this about me, but I prefer girl perfume. Something real soft. Okay. That's what made me want to create something unisex Lamar Jackson. I can't wait for the internet to crash Bo next down account. What perfume do you wear, king? Whichever one your girl wears. Question. Why you smelling so good? Damn L Jack.


You buying Lamar Cologne? I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm, I might support, I might support Might as well. You know, that's home team. You know, any, any, anything. Anyone from here? Has anything like that going on? You always support man, just buy it. I might not wear it. I might not wear it. Yeah. I'm, I'm a support. I'm definitely gonna support whatever. Listen that that's gonna sell out anyway. That, that's gonna sell. Hey, hey, hey, hey. US community. Us Yeah. Black owned Yeah. Does not mean free. Oh yeah. We gonna Buy it. There's a misconception. There's a misconception that when you own that you black. Yeah. Hook your boy up. Yeah. Especially when it's your homeboy, your home, your home brother, son, bro.


Y'all, y'all don't, y'all don't never ask Louis ton lb Oh no, Y'all don't ask hit y'all don't call, hit it. Hey, send me a bottle. They pay full price for that. They pay full price for that. So how about give me some smell. Good. You gonna give one? Man, I ain't, I'm trying to think. The last cologne I wore was obsession like Calvin Klein. Okay. That was, that was 19. Honestly, I haven't worn cologne in since 19 86, 87. You be wearing that ju Nah, I just, Hey, I just like You.


You don't along juice what you, what you, what you use oils? Yeah. You smell good. Yeah. I, you know, just, you know, I go back to the, to the motherland. That's what you used to do. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Nah, No, do not wear no bru. I wasn't wearing no bru 33 and no, hell no. Nah, hell nah. Nah. It just, I, I don't, I don't know. I just, I just, I mean, because, because at that point in time, Ocho, everybody had obsession. You go into, you go anywhere and everybody smell the exact same.


Same. Yeah. Yeah. I said, man, later, I said, nah, I'm done with this. I'm done. So I stopped wearing it and, and, and never put it and never put it back on again. I never, I have, I have a warning in, in probably almost 40 years. Mm. What? 86 or how how long? 80, 86, 87. So obsession was the last bottle of Cologne. I actually bought Obsession. I, I'll never forget 'cause I ended up because work study and you know, y'all Pell Grant work study, we had to work for it. So you had a little job at school? You know, I was Coach Davis, I was in Coach Davis' office and answering the phone calls and stuff like that, taking notes when people come in. But that was it, man. I hadn't, hadn't worn, hadn't worn it since I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna go buy me.


I'm go buy me some clone this weekend, man. I'm gonna treat, I'm gonna treat, I had a, I had a big old bottle that, that Tom Ford. Which one? That like 12, like seven, $800. Oh see a hell no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My homeboy, my homeboy smelling good now. Bucket. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. Private stock. Private stock wasn't, no, wasn't no cologne. Private stock was alcohol. Them little green bottles that were private stock. I hope you wasn't putting that on. So Lamar Jackson is coming out.


Ocho have you ever worn a girl perfume? Nah. No sir. No sir. My mostly every, everything I I I bought was, was, was, was, was men's men's obviously. But I understand what he's doing about, about wanting the soft texture and soft smell. Yeah. In in the role of, of, of that type of cologne. I understand. Oh, Lemme no, lemme take it back. Lemme take it back. Obsession was not the last long that black. Remember that Jcar in the black bottle? Yeah. I remember Dakkar Jcar. That was the last one I bought. Jcar. Well that's, Hey, that's throwback. Huh? Ocho I told you I was in college and since I college I, I left college in, in 90. God damn that though.


Ard. Yeah. Nah, nah. But I mean, I mean, do I like, do I like women that work alone? Yeah, for sure. Yeah, of course, of course. But it's just not, you know, not for me. As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket.


Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC. Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd, Nam Ard tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's n Challenge scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I'm Jason Amir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, perky That's sure.


To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means.


And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen. Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Anya Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers. And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children, and all the messiness in between.


We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I Wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart Women's Sports and Deep blue Sports and Entertainment on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports TI allows Usher to feed his wife Tiny Cherries doing usher show in Atlanta.


As a matter of fact, I just saw ti and Tiny yesterday at, at John Hope Bryant's forum. Great to catch up with you. Ti I good to see the home team Ocho. Yeah, you a lie Tia. You'll lie Usher to feed rails, cherries. What? Can I, can I, can I say Shana? Yes. If youre, if you Andre was on. Good turn. If go. We gonna, okay, lemme, hold on. Lemme let, lemme rewind play. Okay, now you allow that to happen. It ain't, it ain't about me. Allow, it is, it is not even about in that situation though.


It's not even about me allowing it to happen. You hear me? Yeah. In that situation like that, you already know right from wrong, you know, better in general. Yeah. You know, there's certain, there's a certain way you carry yourself. There's a certain way. Yeah. Yeah. Don't play with me respect. So I ain't even gotta say nothing ain't about do I allow, I'm not even gonna say nothing. You don't say nothing. No, Joe. I Don't need to say nothing because you, you know, Kevin, you know, and that, and it's no dead. It is not about insecurity either. A, a lot of them like Say Ocho the chance say you gonna be sitting there like this here. Oh Shit, man. You know, can listen. A lot of, a lot of, you know, a lot of people like, oh, he's, that's so insecure and nah, I ain't that. Nah, you, I I, Oh, she, he a entertainer.


She a entertainer. Oh boy. Please Entertain my ass, man. This man please Don't play, don't a I don't play like that. Yeah. I mean if you, you, your women, the women dealing with certain men know who to play with like that. Yeah. I don't play like that. They know, they know, they know who to play like that. Yeah. They know who to play with like that. Man, I quit school. I quit school in this kindergarten. They sent aside to play twice a day. I don't play. So I definitely don't play it. No grown. No. Hell, I, I definitely don't play it. No grown man. Don't play a back. First of all, anybody that know me, anybody that's ever dealt with me. Right. They already know I don't play like that.


Right, right, Right, right, Right. I ain't the one to play with. Yeah. Play with your man. Don't play with me. I'm All for having fun and you know, enjoying yourself. But there, there's certain things you, you already know. I ain't got, I ain't gotta say nothing. Please somebody. What? But like I said, a she had no, Speaking, speaking, speaking off. Yeah. You know, say I seen, I seen your niece yesterday. What You happy at? You Happy at? Look at his smiling champ.


Looking like a donkey. Eating bri through a barb wire fence. I'm calm. I'm calm. I know you're happy. I'm I'm calm. You know Grown man. Grown man, grown man. You know What's up a that old love boy. That thing Hard to shake. Huh? That thing hard to shake, man. Oh no. Oh. This was about business. It wasn't none of that. It bit by a though. Oh, you saw her and I know real step. She had probably had his Heels on. Oh, Ocho. Oh, here's, see now I see why I fell in love with you. Nah, listen, this is about business man. Holidays coming up, man. We got 50, 11 kids. We got birthday, we got a birthday.


We got French fry birthday coming up. This was strictly business. I had had my out. You thinking about so else too. I was thinking about some business too. Nah, nah. About a horse. You know what I'm saying? I, I promise you wasn't number of business. I promise you that. Mm. Y'all would listen. I wouldn't tell you no lie. Matter of fact, I wouldn't even brought it up. I was gonna say and lie to you. No lie. I have a notepad. She had, she had a computer and we would jotting down some of the things we need to do in, in the timing in which it needs to be done before certain days. That's all What you want. Real? You miss me? I miss you too. I was wrong. You know. Hey, it happened. You know I'm wrong. I'm willing to go to therapy, you know, heal myself.


But you know, you the only one for me. I ed up baby. IF up. Me. You know, I I was wrong. I was wrong. And you, hey, you know Ocho Ocho don't like to MIT when he wrong. But I'm wrong and I'm mad enough to stand here the day before you and say I was wrong. Right, right, right, right. I I I understand That's, that's how You do, how you say I did it right there, Ocho Hey man, that's a, that's a great ally. I like it. Yeah. But, but Ocho but you got, Hey, you gotta put the sad faith. You gotta wrong. I'm wrong. Hold on, hold on. You know, I know. I, I know to cry on cue. You want me to cry too?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. I when you like, Hey, we got too much time in this. We got too much. That's a good one. That's a good one. Hey man, it, it's about, it's about business right now, man. We, we, it is about business. You know, I ain't, you know, I, I understand what you I I I know you mean well. Yeah, well, but business too. Yeah. This not what relationship, like they're business arrangements. Yeah. This is, it is about business. What you want re you know, ain't no gift too big, too big for Ocho.


Go and get a, you know, she want a whip. Go and get it. You got it. Oh. Big bang Hank. I got it. You got it Man. My, my hand's tied Car seem to be the, the one of the best, one of the best apologies is a new whip. I have so many hard, I have so many teammates F up. Yeah. New Whip. Yeah. SL jag benzo can't go wrong with those. I ain't know. I mean, I, I got your may back.


I mean, what, what the hell, what, what the hell that go from there? Remodeling the house. Shit. I would, I would think about getting custody all the kids, so shit Man. Please. Oh no. Mm. Yeah. I was thinking about getting custody all the kids man. You know, just, you know, But just hanging though Joe. You friend. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We good? We good? We good?


We good? We good. We good. We know. Listen, You know, every once, hey, every once in a while, you know, get a little text just thinking about you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got, I got, you know, I got too much going on right now. You know, I totally remember. I never, I got a bladder on like a horse at the Kentucky Air. Kentucky. Kentucky Dirt. See you. You are gonna play. See that's a me. I said all this aside. Right. If that means you and I gonna be together, I said all this aside, this don't mean nothing. Mm. What good is this? If I got somebody to share it with? Mm. Not just somebody you, Ooh, I like that. That was a good one. Right Now did you let, did you let a little tear come down? You gotta let a little tear come down.


I'm just saying that's how you gotta I'm just saying that's it. Because they know. Because see, here's the thing. They know how you feel about these jobs and you saying you give up these jobs for me. Yeah. Look on me now the whole while you like, Lord, please don't let this girl say she want me. Give up these job. Please, please, Lord. Please, Lord heaven. Father don't let her ask me to with these jobs because here it's again, I'm lying.


Oh man. Hey bro, You have what? Hey, you, you, you figure out, you figure out Ocho have you seen the viral video of the man driving his car into a dealership? A man purchased a Subaru. A Subaru Outback? Yeah, from the dealership early that morning when he later returned that car. And his request was denied as the vehicle was sold to him, as is frustrated. He threatened to crash the car into the dealership if they refused to take it back. Well, needless to say, they refused and just like he promised, he drove it. Hey, as is Right, right Back into the dealership.


Hey, so I'm, I'm assuming insurance is going to cover that. Even though he ran into the dealership, insurance gonna cover it anyway. And he probably, he probably, I I bet they took him to jail. Yeah. Hell, you can't drive your car to some dealership. You better say you lost control or something. Or you had a, you had a medical episode. That's the only way. They're not gonna take your ass to jail, but intent. Oh, you going to jail? Yeah. Yeah. And they might put your ass on a 51 50. 51 50. What's that? That's a psych hole. Oh, psych ward. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. He, he tripping.


I ain't get mad. I ain't getting mad by no goddamn car like that. But bro, when you buy a car and it says as is that mean? As is? Yes. So you understand as is, if it got 317,000 miles and you drive it off the lot and, and, and fall apart, you stuck. That's what, that's what as is mean. 317,000. Yeah. I dunno, I dunno, maybe he didn't understand. Right. What as is means. He probably didn't read the fine print. You know, he don't read the fine print. You read what you want to, you take it on a test drive and think everything is straight.


But here's the thing though, Ocho normally they have that on, they have that in big bold letters Right as is. Yes. Yeah, because they don't want, because they don't want any misunderstanding. That I thought, no, bro, come on now. I told you exactly what It was. That's why when you buy a house, you have it inspected. They, the, the, the seller normally place for the inspection to make sure all of a sudden you get over there and talk about, well, I didn't know what you want me to do. Nah. Yeah, but you, I'm, I'm like, you ocho I ain't, I ain't Finn to drive. I ain't Finn to drive. I'm not finna drive no car into no dealership.


Huh? I don't want no problem. Yeah. Hey, guess what? You in jail and you still got a ragged ass car. So, matter of fact, so what have you done? You, you ain't got no car because you done told that. Yeah. So, man, alright, Ojo, now it's time for our final segment of today and it's time for q and a. QA. I gotta, I gotta drink. I gotta drive to Orlando tonight. For what? I gotta do this, this shoot with Michael Vick for, for EA down in Orlando. And I know if I don't do it now, I gotta be there at six o'clock. I know if, and I don't feel like flying, I know if I don't leave tonight, it is only three hours.


Now. I know if I don't do tonight, I ain't gonna make it. Boy, I wish I would, I wish I would drive. I ain't driving three hours ever again in my life. It ain't that bad, huh? Because you know what? Yeah, hell, it is. Once I got my cigar and I listened to about two albums, shit, I, I'm there. Oh, you Sprinter van? No. So I'll let somebody drive me. Oh, okay. Okay. Drive. Oh, they told me and Jordan that me and Jordan that like, we are the jersey. Right. Oh, it's only an hour. Okay, fine. We got a Sprinter van and everything. Right. I'm sitting up there, man, I in dozed off. I like, damn. I said, but man, bro, Y'all were still driving what?


How long? It was Almost three hours did to Jordan. I said, oh, never again. I said, don't do that boy. A y must Honestly, if I would known that I've saw my ass right there into the airport to that next flight coming, I'd have got my ass right back on the flight and blew up outta There. But see, you gotta think about it. By the time I go to the Air Force board, the plane, I don't care. Take Off. That's the three hours right there. I made that mistake. I drove, I drove to San Diego and that traffic, Traffic, You know what I did? Don't you? Uhuh Kelly put me on a plane back.


She drove back and the next time we flew down together. See? Oh no, I, Hey listen, I don, I, I Like 30 minutes. I Like it needs to be 30 minutes. Oh yeah. I like to scenic, bro. I don't be tripping. I don't like scenic. I don't like scenic. I want th I like scenic where I'm looking down like, dang, that's the Grand Canyon down there. That's the scenic. I like, oh no, I'm not Finn to drive like that. I don't even you Nice. You get a nice little peace of mind, huh? Man, you know, I just, I just passed 10,000 miles on my car. Right. It's five years old. Well, you don't be going nowhere.


No. Yeah, if I'm out, if I'm out, I get everything done. Okay. Right. I need to go buy Whole Foods. I need to go buy Target. Right. I go to, okay, so I go to the gym, I go by Target. I go buy Whole Foods. I come home. Once I come home, It's a Wrap. I'm going back out. Right. That's, that's a waste of trip. I got you. Gotcha. And then I, hey, I get hungry. Like I call Shelly DoorDash me something. Oh yeah. I'm not driving. I don't, I'm, I'm, yeah, Chad, I'm lazy. And an Jan.


Corey, what's up Uncle Ocho? Do you favor replacing the dunk contest with a one-on-one tournament at the All Star game? Would be better. Top four at each conference, anything? I have a who's, who's in a, a, a woman three point shooter. Just like they had Sabrina Esco go against Steph Curry. Right. Have Kaitlyn Clark go against who? I don't know who, whoever, somebody. But let's do that. But the dunk contest, come on, bro. I mean, I mean the dunks getting hard and hard. I mean the imagination, I mean the dunks, think about it. The dunks that we thought saw like 15 years ago, those would be like 30 dunks now.


And they got 50. What these guys are doing now. No, No, no. I mean I look, I love the, the three point competition. It used to be the dunk competition was last. Right. It just goes to show you what's last now the three point competition. Yeah, That's what, that's what the, the, they always say the best for last. And back then the Dunking, everybody couldn't wait. You couldn't wait for that. It was, it was exciting. Now, Tank of Gas lasted me three weeks. Y'all. It ain't, y'all ain't got no argument.


I mean, I used to go a month in LA because everything was so close, right. The job was three miles away. Target was a mile and a the other direction. Whole 1.8 miles. 'cause I could really walk from Target to Whole Foods, right. So I could do the whole trip, six miles, go to work, target and Whole Foods. Six miles, one trip. That's good. Gathering going the next to a mile and a half and get the gym. Like ask you say for 50 bucks. No, I look one-on-one competition.


Do I wanna see a one-on-one competition? No, I don't either. I don't. But they trying to make it interesting. They trying to make it pure friendly. So They gotta they gotta, they gotta think of some type of format, you know, something exciting, something creative, something that the people wanna see. And then you have to incentivize this to the actual players actually in the All Star game actually wanna do whatever it is. Yeah. I'm on what you call as a matter. I gotta talk to you after this. Isaiah Lancaster, uncle Ocho is Brock Purdy, the 49 ERs franchise quarterback. Nick Wright doesn't think he is. Where do you guys rank him among the quarterback?


For me, I'm doing a, a look. Brock Purdy. Sam Donald. Right. I'm giving them a Baker Mayfield deal. Baker Mayfield got three years, like a hundred million dollars. Yeah, I think that's a, I think that's a, that's a very good deal. Fair. That's fair. That yes, I think that's, I think that's, yeah, somewhere where Baker got 35, so I would give him a 10. I give 'em a 10% raise. So let's just say I give him three years. A hundred, 1200 15 million, something like that. Yeah, but I'm not fitting, I'm not fitting to give either one of those guys no. Five year, 200 million. Hell no. 200. Oh no. Absolutely not. Sam Donald has earned a contract. It might not be with the Vikings, but he's going to get a contract somewhere.


Now that's what I'm saying. A A Baker Mayfield Baker got 103 years. A hundred million. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Don't you think, don't you think that's, don't you think that's a a, a It's that, that a good deal? That definitely. That's definitely fair. That's definitely fair. Especially what he's done this, this past season. Definitely fair. I mean, obviously Four KT said Go ahead. What'd you say? Well, I was gonna say, having Addison and Jefferson makes it a lot easier too. Absolutely. Ocho, the Bengals need to trade off for Ashton Genty. I don't see Chase Brown as one running back one. Do you see him as running back one or do you want to trade up for Ashton Genty? I don't want, I don't notice the trade off for anything on offense. I think we need to focus on the Deacons side of the ball, especially with the I do too.


This year we need to beef up that interior. We get pushed around a little bit. Too much shit know to compete, man, we gotta play. You know, we got to instill that physicality that we once had a very, very, very, very, very, very long time ago. It ain't that no more. We are a Finesse football team. And I hate, I hate to say that. We are, we are a Finesse football team. Jason Wiggins says Mike Thomas said the road is getting narrower fucking Ocho. Do you think we'll Crown a different champ this year? Oh, We're gonna find out a lot Ocho, because the Steelers, think about the Steelers.


Look, they look, they look where they play this week. They played the Eagle. Phil Ravens. Yeah. Chiefs. Yeah. So we're gonna find out a lot. And the Chiefs doesn't have an either schedule because they got the Steelers. Yeah, they got the Texans. So We're gonna find out a lot. Buffalo got Detroit, so we're about to find out. And Minnesota has Detroit again. Yeah, I think they got Green Bay again. So we're gonna, we're about, listen, we're gonna find out a lot Right. Over the last five weeks of the season. But I That's crazy man.


It's it man. It it's, I mean, we keep saying, man, the Chiefs, they can't, they, they don't borrow time. But you need to have a two touchdown lead with two minutes to go and you need to have the ball. Yeah. That's the only way. Because if Patrick Mahomes needs a touchdown to beat you, he's going to get it. If he needs a field goal to get you, he gonna get it. He get, and I think the thing is, his team knows that. And then all of a sudden your team know that too Quick. And then a heard. Yeah. Ain't saying Unc be Ocho. PS two hold it on the 50 yards. When the lineup one on one last matchup, one catch nine yards.


Make him cry again. What you think Ocho What he said, He said he want, he won me to bet you that PS two will hold Chase under 50 yards when they line up one on one. I Bet. Bet. Ocho. Why you keep trying to bet me with my money, I'm a owe, owe you 3000. I know, I know. Well put that 50 on top of Nope. I want you, I want you to like, I want to get my 3000 in my pocket and then I'm gonna lay 50 down and say, oh, I owe you. I bet you 50, 50 bucks Where your money, your money run.


See, I got, I got my, I got cash. I got cash, man. Okay. Straight homie. But here's the thing though. Can I earn, you earn interest on my money? I wanna earn interest on it. All right, you letting listen, you, you charged me interest and let me know. I must have seen you. Okay. I charge like 42% interest. God damn. What kind of


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named Tainment a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL Un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL network analysts. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out. We're not just hockey talk, we're gonna all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure of Kaza ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear From Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our Business Week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Anya Packer, a former pro hockey player, and now a full Madison packer stand. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers. And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children, and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart Women's Sports and Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Samuel gr grs ain ugg it on you. Do you think it's harder to become a majority owner in the NFL team or a Hall of Fame quarterback Majority owner? Because if the other owners ain't letting your ass in, you ain't getting in. Nope. There's your answer. Yeah, But they do not play with that boy that, that Oh no. Part that. First of, First of all, you gotta have a owner that's willing to sell you a chunk of it. Yeah. Not everybody, you know, I just saw Tac and Vince Carter, the ULAs, I think they became minority owners of the Buffalo Bills.


Right. But everybody ain't gonna be generous like that, don't you? Oh no. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Rim Abdu. Abdu Abdu. Eli, what's good Nightcap? A few nights ago on an episode, y'all were talking about what film member Bill would y'all perfect, perfect purchase for me. I would purchase the 1950 Mercury Sylvester Stallone had in the movie Cobra. I love that car. Eleanor. I would like tell, I might take Eleanor from going in 60 Seconds, or Joe, I might take that Cobra. I might take that, that billet, that Mustang Steve McQueen had I to think, what old school car do I like that was in a movie that is really God, I tell I did have a a a Kennedy Lincoln, the the 1 19 61 with suicide doors Black.


Oh yeah. Suicide doors. A black one. I had it. Yep. It was black. I had it. Yep. Trying to think, man, I I I've been, I've been so outta whack when it comes to old school cars. I really, I I like that one John Wick had. Okay, what about that? What about that Cutlass? That was a Cutlass right? From training day. What, what was, yeah, what, what was the cut list? Zel would drop? Yeah. Hold on, let me think. What was it? It had to be, I I I could have swore that was the old mobile. It might have been 4, 4 2.


Nah, I don't, nah, I don't think so. I think it was just a regular, a regular regular Cutlass, if I'm not mistaken. It was clean though. Real clean, Huh? Your training day. What was it? Marty Carlo. It was a Monte Carlo. Somebody talking about that j that James Bond after Martin. Yeah. That DB one. Hell yeah, but man, you know much that car with that car. Probably like 2 30, 40 5 million. I want one of 'em cars that they be having in, in Fast and The Furious. I I too much noise for me. I done got, I aint got too old.


I don't like any, any type extra noise coming out the car. I, I can't, I can't do it. I love that noise. I love that rumbling, Loud engine and you know, engine just, I just, I can't do it. Night Rider had the baddest car ever Kit. That, that, that was dope. That was dope. The trans Am. Yeah. Is my birthday tomorrow guys. Here's another year to good health, good energy. And best of luck from all of y'all. Abrahim, Sarwar, Sarwar. Happy birthday, my boy. Appreciate it. Ab Abrahim.


Thank you bro. Appreciate the support. Happy birthday again. Yes. Good. Great help. Not good. Great help. Great energy, good vibes. Yeah. And best of luck in 25. Appreciate the support. The Yoda Rose. Hey Nightcap. UNC and Ocho. We know you guys dominated football, but what other sports were you good at? What made you stick with football as a career? My brother played, Shoot. I Wanted to be just like him. Yeah. I ain't had no choice but to stick to football. It was the only way out. Yeah. It was no other outlet, you know? Yeah. I wish it, I definitely wasn't gonna be no academic scholar.


No, you would definitely wanna be the road scholar. You can't read a roadmap. You definitely ain't no scholar. Nah, man. I mean, for me, look, foot and people think I'm lying. Yeah. But football was my worst sport. Basketball, I was better at basketball. I was better at track and field, but I wanted to be just like my brother. And people think I'm lying. When I said my first college girlfriend looked just like him. He'll tell you. My sister would tell you. My mom would tell you. Right. My college girlfriend, they could have been sisters. Same haircut, same build, same overbite. I'm same comple Ocho.


I'm telling you, if you didn't know, you would swear they were sisters and they were, they had to be eight, 10 years apart. My brother Tammy was the, and call her name Lord have mercy. She was the, she was the same, she was the same age as my brother. So, and I'm three years younger than my brother. You still, you still talk to her is Three years. So probably about six or seven years, huh? No, No. You, you, I mean, we hadn't talked. We man, we hadn't talked in 30 years. Probably. Yeah.


You don't think about re killing that flame? Nah, she done, she got remarried. She had no man. Come on. Oh, Cho She got what, after 30 Years? She got what? She got remarried. She got married? No, married. Married. Got married. And a couple, couple kids. Can I tell you something? Yeah. Just because there's a goalie and gold on me, you can't score. No. Mm, No, I can. Hey, I can score with the gold lady in there. Easy. I'm talking about easy. No, no, no. I Got osha got an eye, got an eye on. Oh, you got your eye on something? Oh, oh, oh.


One eye Willie. What? What? Oh yeah, yeah. Five. Yeah. Okay. Be alive. Okay. Okay. 25. Hey. Yeah, I See that gonna be good. 24 is good. 24 is good. You got a little, I mean, there few hiccups. There was a few hiccups on you don't get me wrong. Right? Don't get me wrong. There was some hiccups in 24. Yes sir. Oh Lord. 25. You gonna be alive. Yeah. What a time. Yeah. Yeah. I gonna move. I ain't gonna tell Ashley Jordan nothing about it.


We gonna, we gonna Houston, Huh? No, no, no. I can't go to Houston Bay. I can't. I'm ready. You are ready to do what? Moody Houston. You got your damn mind. All of it. Bungee Vision said Uncle Ocho. It's me and my baby brother birthday Saturday. It's seven years apart. I turned to Big four. Oh. Can you guys give me an early birthday? Shout out. Yes, bro. Ji happy birthday bro. 40 the big four. Oh man. It seemed like yesterday. Lemme stop lying. It wasn't yesterday or the day before that.


I turned 40, but I remember. Ooh, that was good. Old time wasn't like 30. Ooh, 30 Ocho 30 were great. Yeah, 30 were great. Ocho that saw, Oh God dang. Who helping this little, this little thing. Hold me up like this in Ocho said OI thought I was, I thought I was, Hey, I thought I was in the Macy Day parade. Right. Ugly. Are you a Flo? Huh? Yeah. Okay. I never get 30. Damn.


Where she at? She married. God damn. You letting everybody get married? I You. What you mean I'm letting them That Ain't let, that ain't something you let somebody do. Right, right, right, right. Nah, but she was, she was a, she was good people. She was a very good person. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, man, I see me. Yeah. Probably in the last, I seen a lot of 'em get married, man. Damn. Lot of them. I'm happy Ocho. I'm happy for them. Right, right, right. Ain't ain't nothing bad, but I, yeah, no. Yeah, yeah. I want for sure. I want you to have that same feeling that they have. I want you to find, oh, I do type partner. I want you to find your person.


I have that feeling. Look, what do sparks at? Hey man, look here. They already know. Hey, when I show up, I got that spark wood on me now. I'm just letting y'all, I'm got, I got the pain. I got you. I got you need To, I need to re replenish my supply. I sure I sure like me, some of that supply Running, running low. I wonder if I did two of 'em, what would happen? Yeah, don't do that. You don't need play.


Hey Ojo, you think my eyes red now? The devil, devil himself showed up. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it, Don. Okay. Okay. Nah, don't. Yeah, can I, sometimes you can stop me. Come on man. Don't you know I'm saying you don't try to overkill. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Undo it. It just, just take half, half a pill is all you need Half. Yeah. Look here. If I'm cheat, I make, I ain't, I stomach's. That's A good One.


Hey, listen, you, if you on empty stomach, you want pill to do all the work I want, I want the blood to go to one place. I wanna to one place. That's it. I don't need nothing. No, no digestion. I don't need nothing. It ain't show. It's all I can do because you know I'm gonna get, I'm gonna be lying. Oh Yeah. I might pass Out, Man. Please. Nah, you that gonna talk about I ain't eating nothing, eat nothing. I don't drink nothing because I ain't gonna mess up no good wood pee. Right, right. You what I'm saying? Don't trouble repeat nothing.


Sometimes you mess up with good wood. Yeah, I got you. Thank you Ro. Appreciate that. Hey Don Cho, glad to make it back to a live stream. Law school is killing me back. Congratulations. My wife and I are expecting, so I want to ask, being a father means to the both of you, bro. For me, it's the responsibility of knowing I have something, someone to count on that's dependent on me. I have something to come home to, something to someone that I hope that one day is gonna look up to me and says I wanna be like him. Yeah. I wanna work hard.


I wanna be respectful. I wanna be humble. Man. It's, it's, I remember the first time my kids called me dad because you know, you know what I'm saying? To to hear dad, man, please. Mm mm Yeah. It's one of the greatest, one of the greatest feelings in the world, man. It is being a father, it absolutely is. Now, don't come with it doesn't come without trial and tribulation. Now, trust me, especially if you got daughters, You Yeah. Boy, I mean, none of that, I mean, sometimes I be wanting, I want to put 'em in the end lock.


Girl, Don't laugh man. You, Hey, if you got, if you had teenage daughters, you know what I'm talking about, man. I already know you ain't got tell me, Lord. But you know what? It takes all that to build a solid foundation. 'cause you really don't know. Yeah. You gotta go through some adversity. They're gonna try you now. Oh Yeah. At some point you gotta hold firm. You still gotta be dad. Like I tell them, Hey, your relationship ain't gonna change. I'm always gonna be dad. You always gonna be the child and I'm gonna love you. But there gonna be a time and a place that, hey, I'm really not gonna be able to control anything.


I'm just gonna be able to advise you. And then you have to make the best decision. Listen For yourself. Yeah. That's it. But until then, get your ass in the house. Oh, thank you guys for watching us guys. I know it. It's late. You guys stayed up with us late again tonight, man. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp. That is Liberty City's own Binga Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Hit that subscribe button. Hit that like button. Tell family, friends, and loved ones. To do likewise. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast.


Feed wherever you get your podcast from every subscriber counts. Thank you guys for all the support that you've given us in 23 and 24, and hopefully continue support into 25.


Go check out Shea by La Porter. The holidays are upon us and we wanna make sure you have a joyous holiday season. What better way than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter? If you cannot find it, any city or state near you, order it. December 18th is the cutoff. If you order it by December 18th, we can get it to you by the 30th. So order it, ship it right to your house. Please, please drink responsibly.


Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release dropped last week. We've got shirts, sweats. We've also released some stocking stuffers such as beanies, cos, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Super Bowl show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The linkage pin at the top of the chat, February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. You don't wanna miss this one, ocho. The rockets are coming to Vegas as they beat the Warriors. 91 90 in the NBA cup.


Great defense. Down the stretch. A loose ball foul was called with 3.5 seconds. Jalen Green scrolls to the free throw line makes both of those as he sends the rockets to the semifinals of the NBA cup. The Hawks went to new the Madison Square Garden and defeated the Knicks 1 0 8 to 100 ice trade. 22 points, 11 assists. Jalen Johnson had 21 points, 15 rebounds and Hunter came off the bench, had 24 points and they advance. They will take on the bucks in the East semifinals and the OKC will play the rockets in the west semifinals with the winners advancing to face each other in the finals for the Emirates Cup.


Thank you for joining us. Again, I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We will see you tomorrow after Thursday night football. Thank you guys for joining us. Thank you guys for staying up late. We appreciate you and we'll see you tomorrow. Thank you Mariana, The Volume.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur going Infinite Money Ball, the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart Open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason ERs here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen To N Hhl unscripted with Kin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York, And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four, And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Pac on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Happy Holidays from me, Michael Rappaport, and my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast.