
As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home. Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC. Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states. NMLS Consumer access.org Number 30 30


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March Man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With a in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia Is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball in March. Mania one thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the us and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test if you had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Alright, Ocho, we joining us right now is producer beat, producer extraordinaire. Some of the hottest beats. Late 90, late nineties, early two thousands. Manny, Manny, Manny, friends, What's up bro? What's up? What's happening Chad? Bro. What's up? What's up baby? What's good With you brother? You good? Yeah, Man, listen, I, I just, I just left New Orleans, man about three days ago. I'm, I'm feeling good. That's, You know, that's my second home now. For sure. I saw you, I mean, I saw you claiming some awards and all of that, bro. Oh Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Every, every, every bit Of I got Fresh. What Fresh when you, when you look back at your career And you look back, not that your career is done, when you look back at all the people that you've touched And you may beat for, what are you most proud of?


Relationships, bro. Like you relationships better than, You know, the beats or whatever to, to bring people together and, and keep 'em together. You know, even like right now, what's going on with my crew? Like for us to get back together as men and go back out there 25, 26 years and, and, And, You know, and, and still getting it. So I, I always tried to be the mediator for everybody. You know, even when I was doing a beat with somebody who was beefing with somebody, I was like, listen bro, that's, that's foolishness. You know, put that down and let's get it. When like, did you always wanna be, did you always wanna be a producer? Did you always wanna be in the music?


So how did this come about? How did you get into the, and then it wasn't like you was just like any, you had some of the hottest rappers. Oh yeah. That the waves and the juvies and the hot, you had it all fresh. Yeah, so I started out as a dj and even right Now, You know, I'm a dj. My dad was a dj, so what got me to this was my dad. You know, I used to have to hook my dad's stuff up. I used to have to, my dad was a street dj, so, You know, like them holding the wall balls. Yeah, yeah. What a DJ do. Like, You know, a DJ actually puts you in a good mood. Like, You know, if your bills due, you going through something, it's the de job to make you feel good about, Make you forget about that. Right. Getting out all of that and, You know, and that, that spirit just came on me to be Like, You know what, this is what I'm supposed to do.


Yeah. Hey, so out outside of Pops man growing up, who were some other musical influences and how did they shape you or shape the sound? Your sound was different from everybody else, You know? How did that, how did the sound develop you as a producer? Growing up in New Orleans, bro, it was music all over, You know, everywhere. Everywhere you went there was, You know, there was somebody playing something. Yeah. So I just kind of put all of that together and the way I call what I do is gumbo. I took elements from West Coast, You know what I'm right. And down south and, and just made something that was mine. So, You know, you take a whole bunch of ingredients from everywhere, You know, when we was early New Orleans, You know, in the eighties, we like West Coast and East Coast songs.


We didn't have our sound yet. So, You know, and then Miami Base came and then we felt like the 8 0 8 is our sound. The a was definitely down south, You know? And I was like, okay. And I was like, lemme take a little bit of this east coast, a little bit of this west coast and mix it with some of this loop. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That recipe. Yeah. Hey, right now I'm gonna think about the current state of New Orleans sports. You know, your pelicans, your saints. Yeah. How do you feel about the current state of sports in New Orleans and what do you think the, what is the vibe like? Obviously during, during the season, I'm not able to be there. I was there for Super Bowl. Yeah. Unbelievable. That's my second home. You hear me? Yeah. That's So what do you, what do you, how do you feel right now?


One of the, as farest, especially the Saints? Yeah. So one of the things, You know, let, let's just say New Orleans is, let's just say it. New Orleans is a party city, so it's kind of hard on an athlete, You know what I'm saying? Okay. Okay. There's a city where, You know, it never shuts down. Like, You know, so when you come there, you gotta come there with the, You know, like you, you gotta be focused because you could easily get caught up into nothing. Clothes, nobody ain't gonna tell you put that drink down, You know what I'm saying? Right. And if you athletes And you hanging out with rappers, it's just not going vibe. It ain't going. You feel me? Yes, sir. Yes. That's one of the things we gotta fix. Like, You know what I'm saying? We ain't gonna see no names, but we got a little bit of you, we got a little bit of partying going on right now.


Right. You know? Okay. You know, we, if we fix that, you gonna see an improvement in all in our teams, bro. Okay. Mandy, when you look at it, you look at BG juvie, the Hard Boys, Lil Wayne, big timers. When, how soon did You know that? You know what? That youngest one, the smallest one? Yeah, he gonna be him. Oh bro. Wayne was the first one there, the last one to leave. So, You know, when you, when you, when you, and it was times where his mom might have took him out the group because he had bad grades or whatever, and immediately he, he improved. Right. Right. 'cause it was something that he was like, I gotta figure this out. Like, You know, and he would beg his mom forever to, to get back into it.


But just like I said, he, and, and he knew, like, take for instance, back that ass up, Wayne knew to hang around for that song to get the last part of it, to do that. After you back it up, then stop, then what? What He was just like, nah, this this one of them, You know what I'm saying? And you get that from hanging around to be like, I'm gonna hang around because I feel like this is one of those songs, You know? Right. So we couldn't get rid of him when we was doing that song. What about the, the bling bling? How did he come up with the bling bling? It was, it was always a line that was used in a song, You know, like he, he would, And I was like, that's kind of clever, You know? And I always thought like, it, it was something that stood out about it.


It was something about, You know, it was, it, it was bling that, You know, Wayne was the first person that I heard to say bling, no doubt. Right. You know what I'm saying? But it was something clever about it. So I, I just had, I don't know, like something just woke me up and was just like, bling bling every time I come around your city bling bling, You know it. Yeah. When I wrote the hook, I was like, it's something special about this work. Pink Andre Worth about fitting. Yeah. I was like, something special about bling. Yeah. I, I like it. Listen, you also, you also shared a very, very, very interesting story coming up with the hook for Baja Mens who led the dogs out, but not receiving credit. Can you tell us how the hook, how, how the hook even Came out the, to get credit? Because I was just joking around, you see?


Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. I was At Circle House, You know, and it's some people, but That's, that's not him. That's not Him. Yeah. I was at Circle House, You know, when that happened, You know, I was with Bebe and them Like, You know what I'm saying? And somebody just said like, Hey bro, do you want, well, one of the dudes from the who, the, the guys who own Circle House in a circle. Yeah. Right. So one of them was just like, Hey bro, we got somebody in the studio if you wanna work with them. Like, You know what I'm saying? They working on something And I just mentioned, You know what I'm saying, something in playing Like, You know, 'cause I think I was doing Still Fly at the time, And I was like, Hey, how about if y'all try this? You know what I'm saying? I'm hitting the beat going boom, boom. Ooh, let the, You know what I'm saying? It was like, oh, we good. I was like, yeah, don't worry about it. You know, and it was one of them songs where you hear And you just like, damn, I remember that.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know? So in real life, I'm not supposed to get credit, it was me helping out. Okay. But it's one of them moments where you say like, I, I never thought that song would've been that big, You know? Right, right. And it turned out To be something you took off. Yeah. You go, Man, if I say, if I, if I put you under the, if I put you under this gun And I say, Manny, gimme your five best beats. What Are, damn, that's tough, bro. That's hard. That's, that's hard. Yeah. Yeah. I never even thought about it like that. Like, You know what I'm, it's hard. I'm saying, I, I'm gonna say let's, let's go from five to one. Like, You know what I'm saying? I'll start with probably go dj, You know what I'm saying?


Go Dj. Go dj. Hey, I'll start dj, I'll go from Go DJ to probably, man, get your roll on. Yep. That That's a good one. Go. I'll go to get your roll on from there. I'll go to from get your roll on. Let me see. I would say, Man, them anthem Ti top back, I, I beat down low down, You know, that's, that's, That, that's that early, that early Tea. Then where I'm at. Damn, I got two more. Yeah. Yep. 400 degrees and back that ass up. Oh, that's class.


Classic. Classic. Yeah. Hey, classic. Listen you, How did you get linked up with Birdman and Cash Money? Through me DJing in the club. I had a, okay. A mutual friend that was like, Hey dude, some dudes are starting a, a label. Right? And I was like, I know of them because I DJ'ed all over New Orleans. So when, when, when we met, I was like, Hey bro, I, I heard they had a, they had a record out already, but it was something that was kind of, I was like, that ain't it bro. You know, I started out with that. I was like, that ain't it. Right. So, but if we gonna do this, we gonna, You know, I'm like, we gonna do it for real. 'cause I'm like, I'm I'm all in. I'm, so we, we finally got to a point where they was like, okay, You know, we, we going to get out the streets And we gonna do it the right way, You know?


And when they made that decision, we start making bounce records and cash money. The first generation of it was bounce torque records, You know? Right. Morph to rap. BG was the first album that I did. Chopper City was like a rap album. And that, that changed the whole label. Right. That changed it to, okay, now it's, it's, it's strictly rapping its own. Wow. And I see them whips behind you. What you got? What you got sitting on? What you got sitting behind me? Oh man, I'm, I'm, this is my garage. I, I got a couple of Rory right here. I what man, that gets down for the get down. Wait, hey, yeah. Let just down.


Okay. Is that a M three? That white, is that a M three BMW? Listen What you call, lemme bring you over here, man. Come on. Lemme bring you over here. This, this is a clown shoe. A Z three. Okay. A Z three. No, the white one. The one you passed. What's the one you passed? It's A Nissan two 40. Okay. Two 40. Okay. The M three. That's a M. So what, what is this? What, what's that Right there is a Acura. NSX. Okay. M Right here. You got a Corvette 65. Okay. On, is that a split window? This a six seven. Okay. Free Is the split window. You got a Yes. Shelby Mustang up here. Okay.


Got an Illinois fentanyl there. I see This is a 9, 9 3 Porsche. Okay. And you got the, the Rry right there. You got another one Up there? Oh, you got a Another one back Here? Damn. Hey, what's that green? Is that a Porsche? Yeah, As a Porsche. Yeah. You got the Rover truck right there. Okay. You gotta have that rover. Yeah. You, hey you, so you got a combination you like kind of old and down? I like a little bit of everything, bro. Okay. I like Right.


I like that. I like man, Damn man, you, your, Hey, hey, can you took your boy, I want a DJ let you hook the boy. Hey, Like that. I've been hustling for a long time. Yeah. Well, lemme, lemme ask you this man, who haven't you worked with that you would love to work with? They Dead, bro. Marvin. Oh really? You said Marvin Jones. My favorite artist is kind of outta here already, You know? Right. Damn. Yeah. It, It's not Man j Cole. Let, let, let me, let me, let me say, yeah. It ain't too many people that I haven't worked with. Right. You know what I'm saying? But I'm an old spirit. Really? You can give me cha of kind. I'm gonna be all right.


Ooh, that's it. One, that's a good one. If, if, if, if I didn't work with 'em, they, they took something, they sampled the music, You know, borrowed the music. Right, right. One way or another. And I'm very grateful that it's like 27 years later and the world is still, You know, jamming these records. Manda, did you ever think that when you start, when you was DJing, you're following your dad around to those old we call 'em junk joints, hole the wall. Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever think that following your dad around and hooking his equipment up And you starting on your own, that it would take you to where you Are now? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, bro, I, I, I'm somebody who I believe in saying it, You know, the power of words, I've always Oh yeah.


Yes. Till it, it got on a lot of people nerves that, You know, You know when, when you got somebody you could write something on your refrigerator and they like, that will never happen. Like, You know, write down that, You know what, I'm gonna have a million dollars and they like, take that, take that off, You know? And I'm like, nah, shit right down. I need to, I need to see that every day. I'm saying Yes, I need to keep on, but I was that person still, it still that person be for me is tell me what I can't do and I'm gonna prove you wrong. Mm. I like that Yesterday, man. If somebody ask us, which would be, which would look more awkward. Me with a beard, a ocho with a full head of hair Shit hits.


Hey, I can, That's why Y got twist. Why y'all got Twist ocho head? That's you Ocho Hey, I look, I look normal though. Yeah. Yeah. He do look normal, bro. You, I look normal. Who gave me that SP beard though? That's what I wanna go, you look Like Old Spice commercial Ready? Yeah. Hey, they got, Hey man, they got with that sp ass beard That's you do for the Old Spice commercial. It don't connect. It don't connect to the goatee. It stop having the face. Come on man. Y'all did me wrong. Yeah. That, that's funny.


That's funny. My Beard look like I got the man. Yeah. See I still look the same with a head with a full head air, Man. So what we got coming up? You got any, you got any projects in the world? You got something? Yeah, We on tour, You know what I'm saying? The Hot Boys is on tour, so, You know, look for us to come to your city soon, You know? Right. And and the cool thing is, I think we've done maybe five shows and all five we've sold out, all the stadiums still selling out. Wow. When there's no opening act, none of that. It's just us. So it's last, like I said, I think we got maybe 20 more dates to do And I, I, I foresee like, we probably gonna do 20 more after that, so, You know. Mm. Wow. We on tour right now doing it big.


That's Laugh man. The biggest superstar in your city right now is Zion Williamson. He seemingly got his way down. They say he's like 2 64, which is as light as he's been since he's been there. What advice, if you could, if you had an opportunity to sit down, And I don't know if you have, maybe you have, but if you had an opportunity to sit down with Zion, what's some of the advice you would give? Leave them Vinyes alone, Little bro. But it's hard. Amen. It is hard to eat healthy in New Orleans because like said, I said you got gumbo, you got poboy, you got et Fame. That's exactly what I'm trying To say. You got everyth New Orleans, you got, you got Store athletes, bro.


Yeah. That's tough. That's a tough one. Hey man, man, thanks for joining us man. We appreciate it. For sure bro. Thank you for all the beat. Thank y because like you said, you name, we gave you five, but you got 25, bro. And you got Anthems. They're not just beefs, they're anthems. And anytime somebody pop those on the club gonna get high. Thank y'all, bro. The stadium gonna get high. Thank y'all for having me, bro. Appreciate it. Yeah. Most De appreciate it bro. All the best. Thank y'all brothers. Appreciate it. Love, man. Fresh man. Man. Hey, I thought I need to start DJing, don't you? I ain't got no garage like that. Huh? My garage got two cars in it. A old as ran driver and a old BMW.


He got some stuff, bro. He playing? Yeah, he got Some, he got, I ain't got nothing. I ain't gonna lie to you, man. Got on, man. I ain't Got nothing. Just do it like I'm doing it. Hey, keep it to yourself. You just, oh, I you don't never see it on Instagram? Oh, hell No. Sure. Keep it to yourself Dy. Hey you, you put anything you put on Instagram, nigga gonna try to come in. Hey bro. There you go. So goodnight to y'all bro. See y'all. All right, cool. All right. Appreciate it Mandy. Have a good one, bro. All right Bro. Man, that was he trying to, huh?


Yeah, that was great, man. Hey, that Day that was live. That Was why. Hey, he got live game. The 5 0 8 from Wheezy to jewelry to BG Tur Talking about the early, The 5 0 4, the big time. Hey man, they had it. That Was live. That, that bring back some memories, boy. Yeah. Bring back some good memories. Hey, late nineties, early two thousands. Wait. Oh Joe, who you think? Lemme put it up on my, can you put it up my pants? Y'all got me? Y'all got me all that splotchy ass beer.


Hey, Hey I, You know, it's so funny. I got, I got the little mini dreads right there. What's that? I don't like why they got my headline so far back. Who got my headline so far back? What are we doing? My headline is intact. Man, you look like aj. Aj Who? Oh, E AJ Holloway, OE Entertainment. Nah, come on. Nah, don't do me like that. Huh? I still, I still like myself. Hey, where y'all bull driving that beard? Hey, that beard Nice. Ain't Chad. See I told tell that beard ain't nice. Tell me that beard ain't nice, Chad. I thought I couldn't see it up close. Now I got it on my iPad. I like that beard that I like that.


So how about, how about you grow it out? You know I ain't gonna be able to do that. Ocho No. Yeah, that up be here. Got a little salt, pepper. That thing too. OJ ocho. You need to grow it out Ocho you ain't gonna grow. No, you can't grow no hair like that. I can grow all this out. Not like, not, not, not that high. Yes I can. I had a, I had a mohawk, a blonde mohawk that was high. Remember? Man, it wasn't that high. I saw that Mohawk. I'm just, well, I can't, it trimmed down so my helmet would fit. No, I don't know about all that.


Ocho I'm just telling you Man, if you wanna make a, if you wanna make a little friendly bet, I, I grew up, hell now a little, a little friendly wager. Hey, What Y'all think? And I need, I need, I need to see, I need to see that, that, that, that tour schedule one more time. Or if somebody can send into my phone. So we got eight cities, right? Yeah. So we got eight cities. So I need eight outfits. I'm probably gonna double up. For real? Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay, Man, y'all, why y'all, y'all put a, a LeBron James Beard on me, y'all.


Who y'all got? We gonna put it to the pole. Ocho. What they Gonna say? I don't know what they gonna say. We just gonna put it to the pole. Ocho will hair me with a beard. I mean, I, I I look the same. No hair, beard, baldhead, You know shave need a haircut? Is the AJ Callaway 1 0 6 apart? Who? Yeah, that's who? AJ from 1 0 6 Park. Is it Callaway? AJ Callaway. That's who it is. AJ Callaway. Yeah. That's who you look like right there with you. Nah, nah. Listen, I, I I look like myself and, and, and adding hair on top of my head doesn't change me looking like me.


You hear me? Nah, nah, I mean, I mean, I've gone a couple of, I've gone like a week without shaving. Man, it getting over that itch. Right? Oh man. That's the worst Man, man. That they had me want to run my face on the sidewalk. Yeah. That's the worst, but damn. Yep. And you gotta, I can listen. You gotta get, you gotta get past the itching stage in order for to fill in. That's the part that hurts. It hurts, Man. Every ocho everybody said you look like a, you look like AJ from 1 0 6 and park. You know everybody that's saying that like AJ from 1 0 6 and park, simply because I have hair on my head. They all need to go see the optometrist.


All of 'em need to go. The optometrist. No, that's you, Ocho Nah, nah, nah. I look like Ocho. I look, I look like me.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code. And we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Y App, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Ocho. We've got breaking news coming in. A lot of y'all been commenting in the chat. Juju Watkins was carried off minutes into the Mississippi State game. Watkins was on a fast break, just under five minutes to go. She appeared to have gotten tangled up with a Mississippi State player. She immediately went down, grabbed her right knee, ah, visibly in po in pain. A fo was called on the Mississippi State. Chandler Chandler Prater. Prater Prater. Damn. That just happened that Oh goodness. That just happened. It did. Damn it did. Oh. Oh. Hope she's okay there, Man. Oh my goodness. She's screaming.


It didn't look good. Oh my ga Mm mm mm What, what, what you think? I I I can't see on what you think it is. You think, you think it's something simple? I don't even wanna speculate. But she grabbed her knee, right? And she's on and she's screaming. She immediately grabbed her knee. Yeah. And she's screaming. Damn. Damn. Mm mm mm I'm hoping for the best though. I'm, I'm hoping for The best. I'm hoping for the best too.


O Joe. I, I don't, I don't even, I don't even, I don't want to, I don't want to put that out there. Let's just say she went down, she did not return to the game. We're gonna wait till they give us a diagnosis right after the, after this game. But it didn't look good. Damn Ocho, the Giants front office was present at Cam's Ward Pro Day, but noticeably absent was head coach Brian Day Ball and is unheard of for a head coach not to attend a pro date right. Of their potential. First round. Pick other teams that were present, present the Browns, the entire Titans front office. If the entire front office is there, Cam Ward to the Titans. What you think Ocho Yeah, I, listen, I I really don't know what's gonna happen.


I don't know what's gonna happen. It could be Cam Ward, it could be Shado. Hell, it could be Travis Hunter. We never know what's gonna happen with that first pick. Are you sure? Whatever team has a feeling that this player can change our franchise around is better than the options that we have that are available right now. They're going to get 'em. And it only takes one team to feel about you a certain way to know True. And have that belief. We think this is our guy. And the funny thing about this year, the funny thing about this year and this year draft, most of the time the top three picks, You know, right away who it's gonna be.


You know, year number one is gonna be this year. We don't know who the number one, we have no idea who the number one pick is going to be. We don't, And I think it might be a surprise. It Could, it might, it might be a surprise. It might surprise us. All it. So I'm, I'm curious to see how this draft is gonna play out and where everyone goes. But I mean, this is one of the, one of the few times, one of the few times I had no clue. I have no clue. Well, Abdul Carter says he'll be the top overall pick in the draft. He tweeted number one, overall pick 30 days away. Mm. Don't let all this quarterback need talk, fool you. It's already known who's the best player.


And no quarterback is in that discussion. Woo. Like I said, best player goes number one. Generational, remember one. I like that. I like that. It is all about having belief in yourself now. You know? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, he's, like I said, I watched him and he was injured, had a, that sho that hurt shoulder. Right. And he was still causing problems for Notre Dame in that, in that championship game. So I can imagine that burst. You can't coach that. He's quick. His ability to bend the edge. He special. Yeah. He's gonna be special. The question is, if you need a quarterback, do you take a Abdul Carter knowing that the quarterback is normally what win you championships?


Right? So what, what are you thinking? Hey, Listen, it's all on how they view him. Yeah. It's all on how they view Ken Water. It's all on how they view Shado Sanders. Are these players coming in and are they transcending, are they going to gimme the same effect as a CJ Strau in Houston, as the Jayden Daniels in Washington, immediately turning our franchise around? Is that going to happen? That that's, that's, that's what it comes down to. 'cause if you're a Commander's fan from this point on, as long as You know you have Jayden Daniels, you got a chance. Yeah.


That's a great feeling. CJ Shroud, if you are a Texas fan, come hell or high water, You know, coming into the season, you got a chance simply because of your quarterback play. Is Shado Sanders able to do that? Is Cam Ward going to be able to do that depending on where they go? True. That's, that's what I tell people. It's not how high you go, it's where you go. It is so important. Huh? That is, that is so important. Pka KO's NFL career is just beginning, but the wide receiver has already, has already has a retirement age in his mind as he enter his first season with the Rams, I want to retire at age 30.


Pka said the Pro Bowl, while I'd explained that he wants to follow similar path to Aren Donald to go out on top, I think it would be super cool by the time my kids could be 18, I could be barely walking. If you played this game And you sustain all those injuries and stuff like that, don't think like that Puka. Nah. You, you don't. You don't. And you won't have, you won't have to worry about no injuries. If you go back on our diet, if you go back on our diet, You know, now I'm your nutritionist. You know what you came in eating when you had that historic rookie season, You know what you was eating Right? Then all of a sudden you change it up, You know, in off season And you got nicked up a little bit. You know why? Because nutrition, if it's not broke, don't fix it.


Okay. I played very long time, no injuries And I played reckless. I was all over the place. I was in the air, I was on the floor. I was running people over. No injuries. If it's not, bro, don't fix it. I don't care what kind of specialists or or what they give or what they put in front of you. You gonna be, you gonna be one of the greats. Hookah also said Julio Jones is the best wide receiver in NFL history. Mm. The perfect mixture of size and speed. Like he could run every route on the route tree. He absolutely could. And for that size, a wide receiver body, it should look like Julio Jones. Do you agree? Woo. That's a good one, uncle.


That's A good one. But I mean, he could run the, he could Oh yeah. For everything. Normally guys that come outta Alabama, ocho Yeah. The one thing they can do run rocks is run that Tree. Oh yeah. They can run that tree now. And Calvin Ridley, Amari Cooper, Jerry Judy, Devonte Smith, all Julio, all those guys, Calvin Ridley, all those guys can run the treat. But none of 'em had the size that Julio had. Yeah. He's Different because you're looking at a guy that's 6 3, 225 pounds Yeah. Dropping his hips. Yeah. Come And I dig on that comeback, that speed out the over the skinny. Hey, when I, he could do it all. When I, when I think about it, You know who I view. Now I'm I'm, I'm gonna get back to the, to the question at hand.


When I look at Jeremiah Smith, I see Julio Jones a little bit. I see Julio, I see a young Julio Jones a little bit. So in comparison, when this time comes up, no hidden junior year leaving Ohio State. I guarantee you that's gonna be his NFL comparison. Now, back to Julio being he a, he got to be, he's top, top five, maybe top 10, depending on who you ask. Yeah. Hey, one of, I'm talking about one of the, It all depends on what, what you like look. Yeah. For me, the three until I'm gonna have to reevaluate in another 10 years. Right. But the top three for me is Jerry, t, o, and Randy. Yeah, absolutely. Now you could debate two and three.


Right. But Jerry's always gonna be number one for me. Okay. Okay. Now you can debate two and three. You like Randy, you like TOT O2 Randy three, right? Randy three. Randy two TO three. Yeah. So that's where it goes for me. Now, chase, Jada and some of these other guys, maybe cd, lamb, Tyreek maybe gonna have something to say about that. Right. But man, Julio, Julio was special. Hey, he was Julio in his prime. Yeah. I mean guy that size running four three jumping outta the gym. Gym, he would very, the The real Look, my thing is on show, Julio reminded me of of Teo.


Teo ran angry. Teo played angry. Yeah. You want Teo to catch a hitch? That corner ain't gonna tackle it. No. Yo. And and he might take it to the house. Yes. He might take it to the house. Yes. He ain't never seen, he ain't never seen 81 get caught from behind. I could tell, I could tell you that. Yes. He, he would like a t he catch that hit. If you ever let him face your, Hey, you better get him while he like this here. Yeah. Yeah. If he do this. Yeah. And look, you and your Is it rap? Come on. Safety. I all, I'm gonna try to, Hey, I'm trying to, I'm trying to shadow it. Yeah. Come on. Safety come me. Come on. I'm gonna force him back inside.


Bad age man. Julio had a stretch there, man. Yeah, a good one. He and Matt Ryan. Yeah. They was, they was on fire. They had a real, they had a good rundown. They a good run. They, they, they, they had a rapport. I hated that Julio had to leave. But You know, it's like anything ocho you, you, you pay, you pay, you pay, you pay you pay. Yeah. If you don't win a Super Bowl, you gonna have to break it up. You saw what the 49 ERs had to do. Yeah. You see even Kansas City, You know you go, you lost Justin Reed. Yeah. Remember you lost a, a la Laia. La Laia sne. You, you can't play everybody Ocho Yeah.


You right. You see Joe Tooney, they had to let them go Ba they need to do, Remember they had, they had Mitchell Schwarz and they had Wiley. They had to let those guys go. You can't pay everybody. Yeah. You just hope that while we're paying these guys, we can get a a, a bowl or two. Because if you get a bowl, it's, it is worth it. They got it. It's worth it because they're so hard to come by. Yeah. But nah, hey, you have a poop. Hey, everybody says that now. Yeah. It's different because ad was in them trenches getting double every damn play. And he said, man, I just, Hey, I don't wanna put that kind of time in again.


And you see where this receiver money going. Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna play. As long as they, as long as they sending out checks. I'm gonna play inspection. If I go out, I'm not gonna embarrass myself Now. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You, yeah. If, if I'm out there, if all of a sudden I go from catching 80, 90 balls and they talking about, hey, we want you to be the fourth receiver, I'm a part of that. What you, hey nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I, I, I can't, I couldn't do, I can't do that. What you but What you think about me going back to play? No. Nah, it's over. How You know? It's been over for 15 years. It's been over. I know, but I, I just got the phone call off. So I'm just, I'm just curious. Nah, that's your, your, they say you need to pay your easy pass.


They call, they call you riding the HOB loan. That's the, that's the only people calling your ass man. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody calling you to play. That's a young man game. Man. You right. B lateral stuff. You ocho You know what, you probably still could run straight ahead. Oh, I can. It is the Lateral. I can, I can, I can run straight ahead fast as hell. It's that lateral. Yeah. Your whole thing was predicated on lateral quickness, sniping Getting up outta the house, dipping that shoulder. Yeah. Getting that, dipping that shoulder. Then go on, Get skinny. Hey, because what a guy do, Hey you, Because You never, Hey, you played on angle. Yeah. Your whole thing was a never give him your whole, don't give him this. Right. Oh, never ever. I'm slipping, I'm sliding, I'm dipping.


It's hard. It's hard. You See, I can you say I can't do it no more? It's hard man. And that's the thing. What people don't understand, guys can still run fast. Oh Yeah. In the straight line. Straight ahead. But as a receiver, you need lateral quickness. Oh Yeah. Yeah. To get up outta there. And if you don't, if you don't, if you don't have that lateral quickness, you gotta be good. You gotta be good with your hands and your technique with somebody up in front of you and listen. Oh, you gotta be big like a to that play through. Contact Calvin Johnson. Play through contact Julio. Play through contact. Hey, if you a small, That tug and pull unc. I still don't understand. Tio used to do it.


Brandon Marshall used to do it. Julio Jones used to do it. They welcome, they welcomed the contact and want you to grab and they pull from the inside. They pull and tug you right through. And I tried, I tried that tug and pull shit one time in practice, man. I ended up, I ended up opening on the sideline with The coach. First of all, Ocho, you need to, if you think about the guys that you said that. Yeah. Look how tall they are. Yeah. To be able to reach. Yeah, Man. Now you talking about guys 2 20, 2 25, 2 30. Yeah. That's able to play through contact. Yeah. Shh. See your whole thing is like you trying to play on edges.


You ain't trying to get physical with nobody. Oh nah. Because hey, if they stab, well, hey, I show Hope Carson listen at the other looking at the other side. They got me. Oh Man. Well, TJ was just the opposite. Yeah. TJ wanted to play field contact. Oh yeah. He liked that TJ was a big physical receiver. Yeah. He liked that. Yeah. So. Oh, that's funny. Matthew Stafford hyped up. Devonte Adams signing. I have a ton of respect for him. The way he goes about his business and the way he plays the game. He's been a big, he's been big time in this league for a long time, so happy to have him. I know he's gonna be a big addition to our team Ocho with the addition of Devonte.


Yeah. And hookah, what's the ceiling? I mean, For the rain mean the ceiling is very high. The ceiling is very high because not only do you add another exquisite route runner that can run the entirety of the tree, but then I look at it with the Cooper Cup situation. You had Cooper Cup And you had pka, NKU, and Puku was still getting all the, all the, all the balls, all the numbers. They were putting him in positions to make the plays. So exactly how are you going to go about using Devante Adams and his strengths and what he can do where he can play anywhere, play on the outside. You play on the inside, you put him in motion, you do whatever you want him to do. How are they gonna use him?


I'm, I'm still thinking about that factor because he had Cooper Cup there and there was really nothing wrong with him, but his numbers didn't look the same after coming off a goddamn triple crown here. Yeah. So that, that's a lot of collisions. The ocho That's not curious about Ocho. Think about it. How many C Cooper Cup caught 140 something balls? Yes sir. Then he caught another 30 plus in the playoffs. Yes, sir. Okay. Let's just say he had, I think he had like 14, 15 touchdowns. Let's say he had 18 touchdowns. Right? How many times if you catch 175 balls, how many targets did you get? Hmm. How many times did you get hit? How many times did you hit the ground?


I'm not so sure a receiver has ever had as many collisions Right as Cooper Cup had in that season. So Now you are right. And you remember when you go to the Super Bowl, you play an extra three, four weeks? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh man, I just listen, listen, I just, I hope they make him part of the offense, You know, because the way things were going, boy, they were, they were feeding Ook, boy. I'm talking about Phoenix. Stepped on somebody's ankle.


What happened? Oh, Jason Tatum just stepped on somebody's ankle and went down. Hey, he stepped on Saboni. I Know how to, he shot a three, made it and came down on his ankle. Saboni is not supposed to be standing up underneath him, You know? Yeah. They know that yo. Yeah, they, they called that now. They gave him a flagrant one. Oh they Did? Yeah, they did. They did. Oh, Ocho you gotta come back for this one. I'm right here.


Whew. I guess Renny Rees's boyfriend kicked her out of the house after Kevin Gates released, recently released a song Claiming the Child is he is Wait, what? Claiming they had a child. Wait, who? Renny, Richie and her baby daddy. Black Zach Right. Was Go, was going at it live because Kevin Gates dropped the song mentioning Renny. He thought Kevin said him and Renny had a child and Kevin Gates song. He said, I did Renny wrong And I admit it, we got children. But I keep that it respectful to protect your image. And you think that's real? Yeah. I don't know. But but, But listen, I mean, I, it's, it's an easy fix.


It's an easy fix. All you do is you go get a DNA test and find out who's who the child is or who the child is from. That's not hard. But I, I would, I wouldn't kick her. I wouldn't, I wouldn't kick her out the house. That ain't nice. Especially if she got a child from you, or Well, maybe you think it's your child. Okay. Oh, my bad, my bad, my bad, my bad. Would you say no, she gotta go. I, she gotta go. I, I mean, I don't know. If I look, you kept it hued this long, you might as well just keep it hued, bro. Wait, so you think, you think it's true? I don't know, but I'm saying he, it don't matter if I think it's true, he think it's True. Wait a minute. Hold. I got another thing. Why are people putting the two together?


How do we know who he's still, he was talking about the same girl. What if it's not, what if it's not another girl named Renee? How Many rents, You know, if somebody say, I got a baby from Ochoco, they're like, it could be somebody else. Oh nah. Shit, we shouldn't exactly my point, ain't nobody had Nothing. How many, how many rents? You know? Yeah. You, you, okay. Okay. Hey, hey, why would he put on, why would he put on Blast like that? That's what I, that's all I'm asking. I don't know. You think I have a question? You think this is strictly content? Like maybe for content or just, just a story? But You, I ain't, listen, I'm not making no content to make somebody else look bad. Okay. Or if I, if I, if if I got a, if I got a child with somebody and she happily married or she with that person, oh, why would I bring out something that's gonna cause dissension in their house?


Oh man. Oh, that's Just me. I mean, look to each your own. I, I I, I don't know. And then when you say it like that, I don't like the way that sound, but that, that hurt that boy. And maybe, hey, I don't know. They say she on Love and Hip Hop Atlanta. I mean she in, so I, like I said, I, I, I don't know what, I don't know what's real about Joe. See I don't see, See, see, she, she, she on TV right now. It might be just to, to help bo bolster views or, or something. 'cause they done, and then if, if you got a dude, you living with a dude. Yes. And y'all, y'all have a child. But then someone else in this, in this instance, Kevin Gates comes, See, I'm not baby Pappy. I'm not baby Pappy. Now that, that just, I, I don't know.


I don't know. It's happened. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm saying it's happened before. There have been many examples of this before, but, oh man, that's tough. That boy, that's tough. But I still, I still think it might be for other, for other reasons as opposed to actually being real. But again, I don't know because I'm not behind closed doors with her. I don't a I wasn't there, so I don't know. She Hey, she fine though, huh? I don't know. I don't know her. Oh, Okay. Well, I'm telling you, she, I Don watch the man. I don't, I'm telling you. I'm telling you. She fine. Oh, she fine. Oh, yes sir. You hear me? Hey, she fine. No, see you can say, but here she fine. She fine. This frog, you can say that every time I pay somebody to compliment, they get upset.


So I'm done. I don't pay nobody no compliment. Well, hold on That. I just, I'm just, I'm, I'm saying that respectfully. You know, You know, with all parties involved respectfully, she fine as frog help. Now there's nothing wrong with that. Okay. There ain't, You know, ain't nothing wrong with that. She's fine. I take your word for it. Yeah. Just use your Google real quick. No, I'm good. I don't need no Google. I don't, yeah. I don't even wanna see. I don't even care. I, I don't, I don't care enough to Okay. To, to Google It. I got you. I got you. But listen, I mean, listen, she's aesthetically pleasing. How, how about that? I'll take your word for It. Okay. Okay.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash, it's gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates. Nate, we we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You Forgot to save Woman Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hope isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


All right, Ocho, now it's time for q and a. And You know what I like And you want Can I, You know what I like about the night? You know, I, I really enjoyed, oh, I now listen, we've had some great shows, but that goddamn Prime and z goddamn going back and forth. I really, I really, I really, I, I swear for God, I don't know how to explain it. I really enjoyed that. I I really did. Yeah. Yeah. A Smith said K-C-U-F-C-K-F-C, Lakers. The Cancun in five. Y'all got jokes tonight, huh?


O the go said, I don't never agree with you, but you right on this one. He, he, he talked 25 maybe. No, I think he, he hired at 25, but I don't know. It's gonna be hard for him to crack the top 10 when it comes to all time. Great corners. Ocho, NFL matchup highlights. What's up Unc? Ocho Ocho. Can you rank these DBS based on their prime? Charles Woodson, ante Crow, Antonio Crow. Marty. Okay. You know, we, we putting, we putting wood first. Yes. And we definitely put C Wood first. Nadi, I'm not sure where Nee goes Unc, because Charles Woods was very consistent. Green Bay, Oakland regards to where he went.


He was still consistent MDI when he went to Philly and had to play a little bit. Wait, was it Philly? Yeah, It was Philly, yeah. Yeah. W went to Philly and had to play Man to Man. I think he got exposed just a little bit. I'm not sure what happened in his transition from, from the Raiders to there. It wasn't the same dominance that we were used to seeing from him. Who would I put two? He, well, he, he gave me four names, huh? Yeah. Woody ndi, ante Crow. I would take Seawood. Man, that's a good One.


Ante Crow Ndi. Okay. That, that, that would, that would be my, Because Nandi just had a, a very brief period. Yeah. And that was just ok. Yeah, because it basically undid everything he did in Oakland. Yeah. He undid that in Philly. In Philly. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I was, I was, I was gonna do it the same way I was. I was comparing, I was, I was comparing Crow and, and Zant, You know, before I made, made, made the comparison. But mine would be the same, the the same way. And obviously I would've, I would've, I would've, did Crow Get hurt? Did Crow hurt it? He might have hurt that knee before he got there, because he had that one good year.


He had like 10 picks at and was and was the first team all pro. And then when he paired up with Rivas, they locked it down. Yeah. They were nice. They were nice. 'cause hell, me and Teo had to deal with them fools on Thanksgiving. Yeah. But when they Kante was good. And at, at, at Phil, at at New England and in Philly. Yeah. Yeah. So he was, he was good at both stops. Yeah. Crow Asante was my favorite corner.


Oh. Explorer Asante was my favorite quarterback growing up with all love and respect. But Broga, he gonna sit this one out. All love Brody. But it's real. It's, it's real levels. It's really levels. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy says, oh, don't let that negativity control your positivity. You got first take tomorrow. Oh, I man, look here, There, there was nothing. There was no negativity Into nothing else. Ocho, when I do first take, good, bad, indifferent, I'm done. When I come to Nightcap, Nightcap, I'm done. I got an interview this week.


I got a convo this week, Wednesday. Nothing goes to nothing else. Everything. Hey, once we done with this, Hey, I wish, I wish Asante the best. I'm done with it. I'm done. Just a fan. What's up Nightcap? Two questions. When do tickets for the North Carolina Live show Drop and two Ocho? What's your favorite name? Drop in a song. Mine is Lil Wayne on the Hustle Hard remix. Tickets drop Wednesday at 11:00 AM Eastern Time. I'm So all tickets for all locations are dropped at the same time. So you'll be able to purchase tickets whether you go to the Charlotte Show, Chicago show, the Detroit show, the La the Miami, Detroit, Baltimore, Philly, all tickets go on sale on Wednesday at 11:00 AM Eastern Standard Time.


I'm ready On shehe media.com/tour. So answer that question. Okay. Ojo, what's your favorite name? Drop in a song. Oh man, kids is Lil Wayne on the hustle hard remix? Oh man. It, it's, it's so many. It's, it's so, it's so many. I'm, I'm just gonna be honest. It it, dude favorite I I I am not even gonna lie to you. It's so many. I couldn't, I I can't even lie to you man. Future Young Thug man Ross Trick daddy, man. It's, it's, it's, it's too many.


Jason Mag said Ocho wise, UNC not on the ultimate team on Madden. I want him on my team. Oh, okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get him on there. I'm gonna talk to him. My team at ea we gonna, we gonna, we gonna get, we gonna get you his card. What you want? You want, you want the Ravens? You want the Ravens or you want the, the, the, the Broncos. Who Me? 84? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think, I think my Let the thing expire. I didn't sign the thing because You know, in order to get, You know, you have to sign off on it. Right. Oh, so you ain't sign off on it? I don't think so. Come On, man. Stop being self. I, I, I don't, I don't know. I have to ask Jamie about that, but we'll get on there. Hey, glad to see You know, you're doing well.


My question was, as a tight end, what season off, off season workouts should I be doing for a minor, minor football league? Well, obviously running routes, catching the ball, conditioning. I mean, just to do stuff that you would do in the game. Yeah. You would run routes, you would catch the ball, you would finish occasionally. You probably, I don't know how much they blocking in a, a minor league football, but do some blocking work on hand placement work on foot, your feet, your steps. Just stuff that you would do in a game. That's what most people do. Obviously you gotta get some conditioning in, you gotta run some, You know, we ran sprints and things of that nature.


But yeah, just stuff that you would do in a game. Work on that as hard as you can to get your conditioning right. Aren Owens, I've been debating this for a while. I believe a hundred people can beat a silverback gorilla. What you think Man? A hundred people get they ass. Whoop man, I don't think people understand the power of these animals. It's not happening. I tell you what, I wanna be 100 because the mother 99 gonna get their ass to up and I'm on retreat. I ain't messing with it. I don't think people realize how big, how big a silverback is. Forget how big. Do you understand how powerful?


Yeah, man, stop playing man. Yeah, I'm gonna be, I'ma be 100 though. All I know is that first 20 to 25, they got a ass cutting coming. That's what I know. Josh. ROR 9 0 8 up. Like Billy, Billy, Billy Goat James would've been. Yeah, they gotta be out there looking. J two three say, Hey, uncle Ojo and Arnold Women's History Month. What are your Mount Rushmore of female albums? I'm young, but Miseducation of Lauryn Hill gotta be on there. Be Black Classic That, Hey listen, that would be number one.


I would love it. I would love to hear the chatter argue that, Well, apple already ain't know the best album of the last 20 last 50 years. So I mean, I mean obviously it is unc the Miseducation of Lauryn Hill. You could play from Star to finish still to this day. And it resonates as one of the best albums ever made. You can't argue that. You know, you got, you got Lil Kim, Mary J had some classics. Foxy Brown, I I mean, me, Sade. Oh my. Oh my goodness, man. But listen, what Lau Hill was able to do with that album. I don't know what she was going through during that time. I don't know who the producer was, but I, I listen to be able to put together a masterpiece when we talking about putting together a masterpiece, she put together a masterpiece with that one.


I would love to hear the cha thoughts, but you can't argue that I, I'm not even sure what genre that goes up under. It doesn't even go up under rap with it. Neo Soul, is it? I I don't even know what it is. Yeah, I think the Miseducation of Lauren Hill Classic Adele for me. Wait, And I don't care. Adele? Yeah. What, What album are you talking about? A song specifically. Her album. Okay. I like, I'm gonna take Beyonce Lemonade and then I'll take anything.


Whitney Houston. Okay. I, I, like I said, I can't, I I I don't really, really, I look, I know who Aretha Franklin is, but I couldn't name one of our albums. Oh, you could name some of the songs. You come, you come from that era. Aretha Flacker. Who? Chaka Khan. I know you could name. Yeah, I know. You could name some of these songs now. Or if you hear it, it resonate with you when you hear the song And you won't realize That's what Oh, Areha Franklin. We riding on the freeway. Riding on the freeway. Making love in the pink. Oh my bad, my bad, my bad. Yeah, that One My bad. Ocho offkey. No, but I, Chris says, I know the words though when it come to music. I love, I love me some music.


Now that's, Chris says Nightcap is the best show. I unc is the 98 A FC championship game. Still a blur. And Ocho gotta be HOF Marvin Harrison is deserving. But he had Manny. Yep. I don't remember that. I don't remember the championship game 'cause I got knocked out and against the, I have to take somebody off and put Missy Elliott on there. 'cause Missy Elliot has some bang gravels Oh, classics. And she just went mi missy like, Hey, I'm gonna do my thing. Put about five or six albums out. Yeah. And I'm gonna go on about my business. I'm gonna leave y'all alone. I'm gonna get out your hair. Yeah.


Yes. That's a blur. Oh sure. They say you should be in the Hall of Fame if Marvin Harrison is there. Hey, because he Had, Hey, hey, hey, fake Manny. Hey, hey. Dope comparison is the thief of joy. I, there's a reason I put my own jacket on the sideline. You don't know where it is though. Hey, 1 0 1, that jacket. Hey, that, hey, that jacket is 1 0 1. And that's no disrespect to the Hall of Famer that have already been in and enshrined. It's a, it's, it's a, it's a, an elite class of people to be, it's an honor to be chosen to put on that goddamn jacket. But again, it's only one-on-one over here. Turk said, my guys Ocho my question is, if Carson wouldn't have gone down with the injury, how far do you think y'all would've gone in the playoffs that year?


Well, we won't. Playoffs. Playoffs. We would've won the Super Bowl. What are you talking about? That 2005 year, that offense we had, the defense, we had, they were playing phenomenal all year. Had like 30, 30, 35 something takeaways to some crazy number on that year. And they, and they was giving us the ball back. And not only, not only were they giving us the ball back, we were scoring like water that year. It, it was crazy. And will the Bengals make the playoffs if Hendrickson leaves? I mean, I mean, what was that defense rank last year with Hendrickson? I mean, no, no disrespect to him. The individual from an individual standpoint, he played phenomenal, but it didn't, it didn't sway things anyway, as opposed to wins or losses for us.


You know, Mark says, show that picture of Unc Ocho. It is not Fri it is not the movie Friday, but it's called Monday, LOL unc Ocho. Oh, that concludes. Hey, that, hey, tonight was good. I enjoyed that night, bro. God damn. I like that we got some new viewers watching. We have some new viewers watching. If you're watching right now, please subscribe. For those of you that are, that are new tonight, subscribe that, that's pretty much it. I love all of you chant, chant cam, what they do, what they do. Twin, I'm excited.


And we, Hey, let's do Nightcap tomorrow. Let's just have like a special edition.


No, this Nightcap episode was brought to you by Boo Mobile. Visit your nearest Boo mobile store or boo mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp. Hey. Hey, You know how to work this. Yes. Your Boost Mobile sign. Yeah. Yeah. I, I put, I put the little glass on the side. I unscrew to put a glass on there, but when I put the Boost mobile sign and practice it on the, on the wall, it's upside down. Yeah. Jordan, Jordan had walked you through it. Okay. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm going on the road. I'm going on the road soon, so I need to make sure it's on point.


Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. Tell family, friends, and loved ones to do well, likewise. And go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Guys, we thank you so much for your support because we couldn't be here. We could not do, we could not do what we do. And thanks to you, hopefully we're able to continue to do it. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Everything has restocked. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Thanks Manny Fresh for joining us tonight. Thank you guys for watching. Thank you guys for listening. We appreciate your support. We'll see you on Wednesday. I'm unc, he's ocho. We're out. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humid door and guaranteed Fresh Trust. The name that's been been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel and Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like. I trust our talented, that has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.