
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Ocho Bobby Porter's suspended 25 games after he mistakenly took painkiller. Tramadol rather than Toradol. Porter said the statement, I was dealing with an elbow injury and using an NBA approved medication for plant pain and inflammation. During that time, I made an honest mistake and took a pain reducing anti-inflammatory pill that is not approved. I feel terrible. I recognized that I'm responsible for what I put in my body. Porter took painkiller unintentionally said his agent Porters thought he was taking Toradol, which you can get it in a pill form or the injector right, because I know I done got plenty of them shots in my butt. Yeah, yeah. Was proved he was taking Porters didn't realize that he was taking tramadol, which is was properly prescribed but is on the NBA's band list.


Doc River said he believed the punishment shouldn't be so severe given the circumstances. Let me, I Mean given the circumstances, obviously as a player, you gotta know what you're putting in your body, obviously. Don't you have people that you talk to before you, even you, you get, you get any type of prescriptions or you know this, I mean this, they got so they got the resources, the, you know, the team could give you that. Yeah. The team could give you that. Whatever it is you need. You have somebody if they, if we had it when I was playing, I know they, I know good and well, they got it now. Hey, go to the head trainer. Hey, listen, my my elbow man is bothering me's swelling upon me. Can you get something for me? Can you gimme something?


So, I mean, it's like, it's, it is kind of hard to believe. Like how do you not know how, how do you not know? Because if you need anything, everything you need is right there in house. You ain't even gotta go outside Y'all, y'all to talk about. Yes guys, when you take, when you take a Toradol and it's basically like, it's a, it's a pain medication, but boy, you feel so good. I mean, I like very good. I ain't smoked no weed and I don't know what it's like. But you feel like, boy, you feel invincible now you feel like yo, your as got beat with a bat once you get done with that game. Yeah, once, Once it go down, yeah. But You get an injection in your butt and so that's what, boy, y'all, y'all take everything. Y'all try to make everything sexual.


I, I questioned a lot of you guys. No, no, seriously, no. Ocho a a lot of these guys, I really question them because they so consumed with that kind of stuff. I'm like, damn. Yeah, this is the way we talk. I mean, I, like I said, I don't know what's in the locker. Ocho I've been removed 20 years from the locker room, so I don't know how it is now. Right, right. But when we talk like, Hey man, hey you got you. Hey, you got that? Yeah, you got that. You got that shot, you got that butt, you got that shot in the butt. I mean, Ocho used to be a line. It, it wasn't no one or two, it was a line to get back. I ain't never take the pill. Now Ocho I don't, like I said, I know there is a, a pill, but I didn't take it. Gimme that shot. I need that thing to work quick. Yeah. I, I had, I had the pill.


Oh, you had the pill. Obviously when I, when I tore my labrum, I tore my labrum from six 12. Yeah. But I didn't miss no time. And so I, I put That harness on this. So you couldn't raise it before? Yeah, so I couldn't raise it all the way. So I wore a harness and I took, and I took for about maybe three weeks, I took the tore, I took the pill. Man, I wasn't playing with that needle. Oh no sir. If it ain't a tattoo, I'm not, Oh no, I'll give you that needle because I didn't because that pill, that pill, it gotta digest. It gotta, the liver gotta break it down. It gotta get processed. Right. No baby. Yeah. I need that thing just like that Rose Sparks right away. Y'all put it up under my tongue and it dissolves up under, get that blood string. Count your boy in, count your boy. But it wasn't doing that. That shot, that shot getting in that blood streak pot.


Oh yeah. And so, look, no Ocho, I took, I took shots in my butt. I took them in my ribs, I took them in my ankles, I took them in my shoulders. Ah man, look, hey, hey, I had to get out there, I had to get it. Mary Porter had to eat right. Kids had to eat. So like I said, and, and that's the thing though, Ocho like you said, they got, they do got, but see the thing is Ocho the problem with, we've heard it so much, people lie, oh, my massage therapist rubbed me down with this cream. And that's how that steroid got in my body. Oh, you know what, somebody, somebody by protein shake and somebody put this in my body. So, so now we become so distrusting and it could have been an honest mistake Ocho, in actuality it could have been an honest mistake.


Yes sir. But because people have lied so much and contaminated our thought process, nah, hell no. Just go to 8 25, slap that 25 up on it. Yeah. I mean, but when you, you think about it, I you think about it. I'm just saying if there's something wrong with you Yeah. The first place you go to is your training room right there in the facility. They get you everything you want. You don't even have to go outside. There's no point. Yeah. You have every resource known to man right there. It's the NBA huh? Get it because I I, this Ain't high school Ocho this ain't, this ain't your high school basketball team. Remember it. It is all What, what do the pills look like? Is it sugar and a salt situation that you don't know what it is until you taste it.


And then by that far it's too far down. It's too far down. Now me Ocho when I got like certain supplements like, Hey Greek, what you thinking? You know? Hey, he like Sharpie, let me do some research. Sharpie is not on the list, but if I was you, I wouldn't do it. That's I always Right. Steve Antonopoulos, we call him Greek. And when I was in Baltimore, John Tess endorse, we call him Big Tess, like, Hey Tess, what you think? Well Sharpie, I think you good to go shoot me straight because I'm gonna tell 'em, say look, I went to my athletic trainer and I went to my athletic trainer and they say we good to go. Right. So if it's a lie, you didn't suspend them because I ain't going nowhere. Because I remember when they started, when they put DHEA on that list, guys were taking DHEA got popped.


Yeah. You know, and then they ended up ephedra. When the, when the guy, I don't you weren't in the league. The time when Resty sold Cory Stringer. He, he, he, oh, the lineman, the Lineman Cory from the, from the Bings. Yes. They band Eph Fedra. You know guys used to take e ephedra because that hey, it speeds your heart rate up, you sweat. Ooh boy look here you talking about drop seven, eight pounds in a day. Just like that li at his split. Yeah man, but boy you a ooh, you talking about sweating. Right. Like Michael Jackson before the verdict was red. You sweating like that, don't you? You know what I'm saying? On Charlie, you, hey, but no, and like I said, it could have been an honest mistake.


Right. Yeah. Yeah. But Ocho like you said, with all the resources that you got now don't even chance. It guys don't, don't even chance it don't even chance it. But I don't know Ocho That's what I'm saying. You said, man, I'm scared of that needless tattoo, bro. You get, I, I, like I said, I don't have no tattoos, so I don't know if it, but I hear Well, Hold on, hold on, hold on. Wait. You got, you gotta understand now I've seen what the needle look like when it's time to get that to off. And I've seen the needle when I'm getting, listen, unc, I got 43 tattoos. You can't see 'em, but I got 'em. Yeah. They, they hard to see. But I got 'em and it's something, it it's, it's a, it's a, a, a pain that, that is bearable to me.


I it is weird. It is weird. I can, I can sit there, I can sit there for a four or five hour session, but you not sticking me with that toilet log needle. That ain't Happening. Gimme that needle. Hey, I, hey Ojo, I can't, Hey man. No, I can't sit, I can't sit there and let you Now look, obviously you got fatty tissue in your butt. Got muscle. But boy, think about Ocho when they hit that bone in them ankles or they going through your ribs or they hit, they hit that a, that needed this long and they going in that shoulder and they gotta move it around because they gotta get as much medicine in there. And then many different areas. Man, please. Yeah. I came in to get like a refund or like my money back. 'cause my girl, she came in earlier and she got some $400 downloads and she was talking about So you were holding her hostage.


I'm about to call the cops and then I get, I like, she gets home and bro, it is just some lines at the top. That's not, that's not no $400. Well first off, I haven't done $400 nails today, so I, I just wanna make it, I haven't done 400 nails today. What's your, what's your girlfriend's name? Her name's Stacy. She had an eight o'clock appointment in the morning. Today. I'm gonna show you Herzel. 'cause I don't want, I don't want any drama law no bs. 'cause this is something you're gonna have to figure out with her. But her nails were only $80 today. The Look, here's her, here's her z It was only $80. My woods.


I haven't done now $400 nails today, dude. So nobody was holding anybody hostage or calling the police or anything like that. So you're gonna have to go figure it out with her. But I haven't done no 400 nails. Oh hell don't know. I think she lied to. I'm I'm gonna talk to her. No, she definitely lies to you. Oh, she scammed you bro. But I'm not, I'm not the scammer Here is your girlfriend, So you better go figure it out. Thank you. Yep. All right. Well Hey, you know what? Hell, That's his fault. Yeah. That, that's his fault. Now listen, listen. As, as, as a, as a boyfriend, you supposed to know how much maintenance costs for the woman you dealing with.


You gotta have some type of background, some type of, some type of knowledge of nails, hair, lashes, wigs, coloring, you know, sewings, you got, you gotta know all that stuff, you know. So he's not, he's not sharp and he's not detailed. And knowing what his woman likes and how much the thing costs that she needs for her upkeep. $400. You no better than that. You should know better than that. Yeah. That's Like I do nails. Huh? I do lashes, you know. No, I, I do eyebrows, I thread, you know, I do individuals, I do strips. Like, I'm like, I do my daughter, I do my daughter's makeup.


You, you hear me? So you got to know that stuff, man. He tripping. Like he don't, he don't really need to have no girlfriend. I, I'm just, I'm just being honest 'cause that's stuff you supposed to know. If your girl ask you, I need $400 to get my nails done, you supposed to look at her. Are you okay? Are you okay? 'cause you think, I don't know no better. You ain't from Man. Most guys, most guys, they gonna take the, I mean, you take your woman. I mean, if you don't, if you, if if if she tell you a certain number, you don't believe it, well you probably need to move on. Yeah. Yeah. Or, or what what she can do is instead of lying about it, because she'll lie about that.


If she lie about something that small she'll lie about something else. And that's my point. If you don't trust her to tell you that the money, that what it cost for the get the nails. What else you don't trust her about. Yeah. You need to move on. It's really that simple. And, and matter of fact, what she did with the rest of the money anyway, Might've spent it on her side. Dude, Probably, I'm just, lemme stop that. I, I don't know what she did with it. Don't, I don't, I don't know. Maybe she went and got, maybe she went and got a makeup done. Maybe she went and got, you know, got another service provided for with that extra money. I, I don't know. I look if some, if, if you tell me, Shannon, I need X amount of dollars for my hair. Hey Shannon, I need this and this. Okay. I'm gonna give it to you. I, man, look here.


If I got a, if every time you ask me for something and if I gotta worry about it, if I'm giving it to you and you do what you think, that ain't got nothing to do with me. Right. I can't worry out. I ain't gonna lie to y'all. I can't even worry about it. Yeah. I, I I understand what you mean unc but just the fact that I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm well versed in ex in, in, in, I have expertise in all those areas when it comes to the upkeep and understanding the prices and how they range, you know, varied on what it is you're trying to get. Yeah. That, that ain't gonna work. You ain't finna pull, you ain't finna pull the wool over my eyes. I know what everything costs, everything from high end to low end.


So how you wanna play the game. Yeah. And matter of fact, you really can't get no money outta me anyway. 'cause half your upkeep. I know how to do it anyway. I don't care. Oh, you need, I don't care if a woman doesn't know how to do my upkeep. She ain't cutting no hair. Damn. You on her. Hey, hey, your guy. I remember tell I I need my lashes done. Well come on over here and lay down what you want. Hybrid, classic mega volume, what you need. Come on. Come on. Lay down what you want strips. If you, you in a hurry. I give you some strips real quick. Hell, I give you individuals. Play with me if you want to. Talking about I I need $300, man.


Get out my face. Nah, I mean that, that's how I am. I look, I I ain't got time you say you, hey, I need, I need X amount for my hair. I need X amount for this. Okay. I need X amount to get my car fixed. Okay, fine. I'm gonna take your word for it. Mm. Just be careful now. Yeah. Because once you break my trust, I'm Oh yeah, it's a wrap boy. It's a wrap and matter. And matter of fact, no, what? I'm gonna leave it alone. Where there I'm gonna leave it alone. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't gonna say it. I ain't gonna say it. Yeah. I'm gonna leave it alone. Yeah. It's, it is what it is, man.


Like I said, I be, look, sometimes, I don't know, sometimes people take it take advantage of your kindness or your generosity, whatever the case may be. And you know, it is what it is. Ocho Yeah, man. Yeah. It's a situation where, You know, you are like, damn, just be honest, if the nails cost 400, it cost 400. If they cost 200, they cost 200. If they cost a hundred, they cost a hundred. I'm thinking Ocho, it's hard for me to see a scenario. 'cause hell, I get my nails done once a week and I, you know, it's at least 110. I mean, sometimes it's like one, I mean, some places it's, it's give or take.


When I go to Atlanta, it varies. It's one 40. The lady, I did the Tasha, Hey Tasha, I know you watching hers. 1, 1 65 lady here in five in Vegas, they won 10. It is what it is. Right. So it's hard for me to see a scenario that especially women get, like, I think they, what they call 'em gels. Acrylics, Yeah. Gel. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's hard for me to see a scenario where they, they not gonna be, they gonna be at least what, a one 50? How much gel now cost? Chad? Yeah. You about, you about right. You right up there.


Yeah. So I'm assuming, Hey, listen, It, it could, it could, it can get a little bit more Expensive when you start Adding, when you, when you add the Design. So you add the design stuff, now you're talking. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I should, I got a, a friend of mine, she does, she does nails. I should have hit up if I knew we was gonna be a talker. Ask how much she charge, man. She probably be trying to break people out. She probably charging two, $300 because, you know, she like, she's, she's like an artist so she can draw stuff on the nails and stuff like that. And I get that. So, You know, you, you taking that kind of time. I get it. Somebody said 1 95, $1,500 for what? Ain't no nails cost no $1,500.


Y'all. If y'all man give y'all $1,500,


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four Page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we Quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly neighborhood country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Leg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events, starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from carting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut. And we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


You ever, you ever had your hair straight like that? Ocho? Nah. Yo. No. No, because you know, I had, I had dreads. I had dreads, so I they, and they was locked up so I could never take it out and, and have my hair perb or have have my hair straight like that. Ocho your hair won't grow. Ooh, your hair better just not mine. Low your whole life. Now you I can grow a hair, I can grow a hair full of hair. I've showed that. I've showed that. No, you can't. I've showed that countless times. I'm, I'm Ocho I have a full line. Everybody 15 years ago had hair. I'm I, I'm talking about just, okay, let's, do you want me to grow my hair? No, that, that's, I understand you.


The only reason I cut my hair consistently, and I've been doing it for so long, is I don't like the maintenance that comes with having hair. I don't wanna put grease on my scalp. I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't want to train my hair to lay down. I don't want waves. I'm, I don't, I, it's like the whole tedious process and I got sick of it. Right. When I'm ready to go, I wanna get out the shower and I wanna drop my head and walk out the house. I don't, my head sound like a man that, that's like a man that said I want to be broke, man. You think I won't have money in my pocket and if my bank account, it's just too hard to keep up with. Right. I understand what you're saying. But listen, that that's, that's apples and orange, them two different scenarios.


No Ocho you can't grow hair. And if you grow, it's minimal. I got a full set of hair right now. Look at my headline. You see my headline coming in? You see my headline coming in? And listen. No, no, you gotta go a little further back. You started at 50 yard. Whoa, don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. I, my my headline. Listen, start at 50. Listen, my hair, matter of fact, I'm gonna get a shape up just for you. What shape, what up? I'm, I'm gonna let my hair grow and I'm gonna get a, a, a shape up so I can show you, I can grow a full set of hair. And I like, and I I got good hair. I got good hair. What is that?


Huh? Where's that? It it, I, I just showed you Ocho you pointed back here, bro. You you pointed back there. My hairline is right there. It's right there. You looking right at it. It's right there. Ocho look at my forehead. From your hairline Ocho from your hairline to your forehead. That's at least a $20 Uber ride. Be honest. Hey listen That, Listen, my head too small, so I know that's not true, but I'm just saying my hairline is intact. I do. I don't, I don't, don't You see how shining that is? Don't your hair won't grow there. What do you mean?


I shine? That's the light. That's the light that the light shattered on my forehead. That's from my skincare routine. That's why, that's why I look like this. That's why I look like this. That's why the ladies love me. It's this the chocolate. Yeah. You, you now they like that. You get no debate. Hey, no debate to Me. Yeah, like that. Hey, I swallow. I solemnly swear. Do you swear to tell the whole truth, sir? Nothing but the truth. So you God, I do. Yeah. One, one thing about it. One thing, but when it come to chocolate, one thing about women, they ain't got no problem getting Cavs. You hear me?


Oh Lord, that Mercy. Talk to me now, Lord have mercy. Josh. Jesus. What? What's wrong? What Happened? Yes, ma. Here I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you, if you, I ain, I'm, I'm not, I'm not telling you what I I ain't telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what a I look black. All, all I know is this. If you'd have been my age in the eighties, you'd got no play because black wasn't in, they like l they like Elder barge, Chico de Barge. They like them, them, them type of, no, No, no. It don't matter what. They like it. There's something I had that nobody else didn't. And I still got it. Huh? It's called, It wasn't until, it wasn't until Michael Jordan.


Michael Jordan came in. Wesley Snipes came in. That's what put us on the map. I've been on top of the charts since they came in. So about mid 80, like 80 80. Mike came in 84. So like 86 my senior year been top of the Charts. Man. That that ain't it. That ain't it. Because I, I, 40, 40 years I've top of the chart. Hey, I had a special gift. They had a special gift. Al be sure they been to Al be Sure. Yeah, Al sure. Yeah. That's, that's a good one. But I had, yeah. See Chico de Chico de barge el de Barge. Hey and boys, boys were nice now. But listen, if I there, I was there during they time when the light-skinned dudes was in there was something I had that they didn't, I don't care about you making no music.


I don't care about you singing to the women. You hear me? Because I had to gift your game. But it was all about wordplay. Huh? Huh? Nah, they wouldn't let you talk to Oh, they, oh they, oh they, oh, they gonna talk to this. They, they gonna tell. Oh, is telling me the brother skinned brother ain't get no, They gonna talk to Sugar. You hear me? I'm telling you. Hey, hey you, hey, I'm gonna make you laugh. I'm gonna laugh right at your draw. Huh? Hey, Hey, you ain't get no play Ocho without style. Just like polyester. You, you can make a comeback, but Hey, but now that I think about it, the, the Chico and, and El De Bar I'm talking about now you got me thinking about the music.


The music they made, man music was, oh, same thing. That's some good music. Huh? Music, the music from the eighties, it was different. Eighties and early thought. Yeah. Oh. Ah Yeah. Oh. They, but see, but see, I don't remember hearing nothing about no Garden Tools. It wasn't no, no three oh Poles. They ain't saying about that. They sang about women. They sung about ladies, they talk about love now. Now they talking about jumping up and down and you, how foolish you know, man, I just like, she Oh man. That's crazy. They just don't make, they just don't make it like they don't, they don't, they don't make music like they used to.


Ocho and everybody I talked to Ocho, they said, you know, r and BA dead. But bro, they don't sing like they used to Sing. No, they don't beg. Hold on. They don't beg. They know they ain't beg, they don't beg. I guess the, because see the women used to make you beg to get up a part of it. Hey, what song? Nah, they begging you to get up. They begging. What Song? What song is what? They ain't begging me. What song was It? Huh? I give you my credit card. McKees McKees keys to my house. I, I, I can't think of I gave you my son The Rain, you know? Yeah. Who was that? Say I'll pay your rent. I'll buy your Yeah, I know what you're talking about. Yeah.


That was, that was back in the, i that was back in the day. Now see if I have sung that song. If I played that song for somebody, they know you lying. This channel you broke. We see where you live at. You, You, hey, wait, Chuck, what song is that? Check I gave you something. Oh. Ke O Keith Sweat was the number one Bega Dog. What song is that? He was baby about Be Babyface after seven. Take six. All of them deal with the days on Joe Deal with the days. They, I know they print money in la.


If the Dodgers, they got Moy Hell in just, in just in two salaries. They got be in House show. Hey, privy Freeman. Mookie, Hey, I got, They got picture. Now I got a question. Listen, I don't, I don't wanna sign ignorant. I I, I honestly, I don't, we ain't gonna let money coming from man. All that money come because when I wa when I watch games, the game don't never, the stand don't never be full. I'm not talking about the Dodge. Oh, talking about the Dodgers. I'm just the Dodgers. The Dodgers every year have the most fans they have every year. I'm saying, you know, boy, look here, you ain't never been to sve Ravi.


Boy, you talking about a Yeah. Now I wasn listen, you talking about the Dodgers? I'm just saying in general baseball. Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I don't, I don't know. Well, I mean, they got two, they got two $700 million players. Two. And they got what you call them making 40 plus million. He got making 40 a year. Aaron Judge, he got nine years. 360. Oh, they, they, they, they got, they got, I don't know. I don't know what they tell me. So we both know because if they got a money tree, I'm gonna go chop it down. I, man, I'm telling you, man, listen, I, I was a, I was a highly sought out prospect coming outta high school, man.


I was a five tool. And every time I look at them deals sometime, I always say, you know what? I should have stuck with baseball. I don't know if your two, I don't know if your tool was alon, a lawnmower, a backhoe, nah, a rake, a pick, a shovel. I don't know what your tools were, but that damn sure wasn't, wouldn't, wouldn't apply to baseball. I'm Baseball. Mine B seen high. Man, look me up. Google me. You can Google me. You can Google. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Picture I was a slu, played first, second, third, and outfield. I did everything. Yeah, you did. I tell you, I'll tell you. No lie. You know the Marlon was trying to draft me outta high school right before they won the World Series in 1997.


They did. I did. They were trying. But my grandma said, no, my grandma ain't play that. Well, you need to focus on school. She was tripping. A woman tweeted, men get cheated on all the time in state. They just smart enough not to be telling anybody. I keep telling y'all this. Are women more loud about being cheated owned by men at that show? Yeah, Mo most, most definitely. All the time. All the time. It, it, it, it happens all the time. And, and most of the time most men do stay and sometimes some of the men that do stay, it is simply because sometimes shelter, I don't have anywhere else to go. Sometimes you know it. Listen, she is, she, I'm not saying she's the breadwinner, but you are in a position where you're moving with her.


You're staying with her. It's her place. So hell, if she does step out, she ain't got nowhere to go. Sometimes. Sometimes you try to work things out and then you got some dudes that non-negotiable and he out. But see, if you do the, if you date privately, you can do this. Because see, everybody ain't gonna be in your, if you public, everybody in your business. 'cause they gonna know. So you see the Knight have a thousand eyes on most night. They have 1,002. 'cause somebody sees you. I like that. I like that. So with that being said, you are right. Some men, that's a non-negotiable because hey, that's, hey, that's my package.


I'm the only one that opens that. And the thing is about, now, it used to be this way, it's not this way in the middle, women have adopted a mindset like a Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They figure anything. Yeah. Oh, they Have, they have big time. Big time. Oh, They figure anything that a man Do. You doing it? Oh, I can do it too. Oh, T for ta. Oh, that's what you, okay. Back And then, you know, Ocho hair's a thing. This what gets you, you know what she does for you. You know what she does for you and the, Hey, I'm sorry. Don't throw up. Don't throw up. Huh? Don't throw up. Remember remember at one time, what did I just tell you on, on the previous show about being number one and being number two.


You've been in, you've been Hold off on. So you in don't give it. You've been in that number two position, huh? Oh yeah. I've been, I've been, I've been in the Position what time? It's, oh Hey, I've been to Pace car and I've also been to Chase car. I like that Been I I've been past. I like that. Yeah. Hey, yeah. And I've also tried to pull the slingshot move and do as he block it, Hey, hit that turn bump draft. Hey. Yes sir. I bump draft it, move him on out. The way I pull up in the, remember Grace Jones had a song say, pull up to my bumper, baby.


Hey. Huh? It's a dirty game In a long black limousine. It's a dirty game. Yeah. It, it, it's like, so now Ocho, because women have adopted the, the mentality because it, like, there, I shouldn't say all, but there was a situation you didn't find like these women now. Yeah. Oh, they don't play. They don't, they don't play. They do not, they do not play. And then tell you, yeah, I did. And well, yeah, I, I see, I see clips like that all the time. Oh, you, you, you, you slept with such and such and did, Oh hey, hey, it's, hey, honest.


A that thing a like, hey man, look here. That's why, that's why Ocho man, look, when you young, you don't really know any better, but as you start to get older, yes. Or you gotta, I don't play. I don't, I Hey, you got a man. I'm good. Don't worry. You let me worry about him. No, no, no is different. Your man might be doing something else, but if Shannon sharp, he find out Shannon Sharp. Oh, no, no, it ain't even, that's okay. Right. It's, it's not that serious. It, I'm sure I can find someone, but my, my grandfather used to say, boy, everybody has somebody. It's just to what extent man or woman.


Everybody has somebody. What is the extent? Is that their wife, that's their husband, that's their significant other, that's their girl. Whatever the case may be. To find somebody I'm talking about just stop ass creep. Yeah. No, no. Su no thing. It's hard. No, no such, no such thing. It's hard. And been winning. Know women play a dangerous game. Huh. But that, but that's, that's, but that's stepping out. You never know. You know how dudes feel about they women, the about they women man. Yeah. Girlfriends, wives, or even somebody that I just, I'm investing my time in. And then people get man about, oh man, well go, why you won't go to No, bro, I done got two strikes.


I got two strikes, Yo, In baseball. Hey, I'm still at the plate, but I ain't gonna get no another strike. You never catch me slipping again, bro. Man, people don't play about that. So why would, why would I even put myself back in that situation? Yeah. Again. And be, how about, I mean, that's when you most vulnerable Ocho you sleep. I stop me from, that's what stopped me from sleeping naked because I don't want nobody to get the drop. Man. I can't tuss with nobody naked. Ocho come, let me put some clothes off, please let me put Ocho I can't wallow with nobody neck. Hey bro, let me pull it short. So Right, right, right, right. But you already know Ocho, somebody come up in on, I'm a shooter brother's side.


Ain't nobody trying to bump. So just keep yourself outta that situation, bro. It ain't even worth it. She got somebody, she tells you she got somebody. Hey, what that, what do he gotta do with me? Yeah, that's between you and him. Yeah, but when he find out that's between both of y'all. Well, Hey, listen, one, one thing about it, if when you, you do find out, I wish, I wish fellas understand, you know, we, we, we continue to be in relationships or, or, or, or, or unions with the individual that we think they're one way, you know, especially publicly. And you, you, you hope they respect you, you know, privately. And when you find out or you see signs, all you have to do is pay attention to the signs.


Huh? Hear me. It's really easy when you've been to other guy for long enough, you understand what it looks like. So you pay attention to the signs. And when things don't look right and your antennas up, you already, you already know what time it is. You know what time it's, Yeah. If she, all of a sudden she didn't like to work out and all of a sudden she working out, you working out for somebody else to feel naked. Hey, it's, it's, I gotta do what you wanna do with it. Now y'all could, oh man, I'm telling you. Hey, Hey, what, what I, what I tell you all the time. Manage your expectations. Yeah. Once you're able to manage them, it's easy to see whoever it is for who they are in general.


Okay. That's what you own. Okay. Bet you going back, go going about your business. Yeah. So the game is The game that the old Yeah, it is. It is what it is. I mean, but hey, I don't know people, I know people that have hurt people about a woman and I know people that's been hurt. I heard many stories. I heard, I heard many of stories. Boy, I ain't correct what they call it, they, these days like crashing out. Oh yeah. Crashing out. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Am I, I am not crashing out by Nathaniel. Zero. Oh, no, nah, nah, nah. Hell no. Not, no, not, no, no.


Nah. I can't do that. Zero. Like, hey, like, hey, like, lemme tell you like the kids say, oh, ball up top. Who's next? The fuck? Oh. Oh my god, dog. It. I've been doing good in a row. Hey, I'm sorry. Hey, I, hey, what it else don't tell me about, I mean people, I think people understand is that like, for me it's just like, it's just not worth it. I stand way more to lose the game. Say it again. Say it again. Say it again real quick. For the people. I stand way more to lose the game. There we go. Long as long as we on the same page. Nah bro. Yeah, for sure. I'm like, oh, nah, I'm good.


He do. Hey, hey. They quick to holler. Oh, he doing his thing. Okay. That ain't got nothing to do with me. Let him do his thing and you find somebody else to do your thing with. But it ain't gonna be me. It ain't, Hey, I ain't, Hey, I done got too old. I done got too old to fight. I ain't try. Hey, at 57, I ain't got no business fighting. I'm about to be a grandpa for the second time. Yeah. There you go. Congrats, congrats, congrats. Yeah. Bad. Hey, I'm gonna see my, I'm gonna see some, I'm gonna see my grandkids. I hope I have about five or six of 'em. Hey, I got two daughters. Hopefully they get, they get married soon and start a family. But hey, nah man, I can't do that.


Yeah, I can't even, it ain't even, it ain't worth it.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's Up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five dirt, four Page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen To goat, greatest of their error on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping. There's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut who we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Lemme ask you a question. How many times do you see Jordan give an interview without a suit on? Okay, now that's different. Now o off off the court. He was straight biting. That's What I on show. That's what I'm talking about. Yo game. You can't even be the face of the NBA if your game doesn't speak on the court we're talking about off the court. Okay. And see, I caught a lot of flat when I said they kind of want the guy to be a little bit more subtle Too. Okay? Okay. Okay. Jordan married Kobe. Yeah, I got married. Bron married Steph, married everybody. Oh, oh, oh. He But, but just go, but but you're correct. You're correct. You're correct. You, you are correct. You are correct. You, you are correct in that sense. But for me, you know, I am, you know, I I'm, I like the entertainment value.


I like the exciting side. I like the person and the people that are gonna put buts in the seat. I like a John Moran be the face of the league. They would never let that happen. I like Anthony Edwards be in the face of the league. They would never let that happen. You, you, you, you get what I'm saying. I, I like the, I like the Allen Ierson of the world to be the face of the league. But it would, it would never happen. Not with ro with the big bag. Would've corn rolled with a big bag with he would he buy on five x t-shirts? Well, I'm just saying, I'm thinking about and thinking about, thinking about my way of playing the game of football. I could never be the face of anything ever because of the way I, my style in which I played got on the field, I was the exact same way off the field.


Hell, I'm still the same way now. So I stay in my lane. What? And I do what works for me because I do it extremely well. You look at the quarterbacks, oh, they got, There's Been, Oh, but there's one quarterback that, that has refused to change. And his German Roman, his authentic self, he down there in Baltimore, he wasn't up eight. He from Pompano ain't changed one bit. Right. Who? The face of the league Right now. Mahome 15. Yeah. Okay. And before and, and before he, and before he left. Who's that number? 12. And then, Yeah. It, it's, it's, you see, it's all about a image.


Whether you live that life or not. What did people, because here's the thing, you remember Tiger? Tiger was the face of golf. Yeah. He got married, he had a family. He was wholesome. Yeah. It was the all American dream. Why did people get upset? Because that's not really who he was. I'm so glad you just said that. 'cause just getting ready to go there. When we talk about Peyton Manning, when we talk about Tom Brady and I talked to Tom when I was in New England after seeing him interact and see how he is when the cameras aren't rolling. And I asked him, are you truly happy not being able to be exactly who you authentically are?


How are you, how, how you have to mask this for all these years. This ain't even you. Yeah. Peyton Manning. I've seen Peyton, the real Peyton Manning at the Pro Bowl to him talking the interview. That ain't true. But the thing is Ocho is that they've done it for so long because your quarterback is like, when you are one of those guys, they've been quarterback all their life. And so they get to understand you got to be positive in all situations. Everything. When you, when somebody plays bad, you take the blame. I need to do better of putting my guys in position to make plays. They say they, they get so and so.


It's, it's like you said, it's robotic, it's methodical. You are like, man, why we, I understand why we gotta interview the quarterback, but he ain't gonna ever give you nothing. Hey, never, never. Hey, So what, what are We doing here? Hey, 15 over there in Kansas City. The same way. It's like they went to training. It's like they went to training for this, this gimme something different. Matter of fact, we just, we just talked about this the other night. I mean, you, you got on me, you got on me about people telling the truth, remember? Yeah. Yeah. You, they, they, you, you, they just can't. And I don't like that. I, I I, I don't like it. I mean it's just the way, it's the nature of the business is the way it will always be. And Look at these quarterbacks.


What did that, what is that getting married? Jalen Hurst. What is he getting married? Josh Allen. What is he getting? Right? Married. Oh, you think it's a coincidence? No, not at all, Katie. Okay. Long as we here, long as we here we, hold on, Hold on. On. Okay, well, well listen. It's a funny thing about it too, as they are finding wives, you know, 'cause in the Bible say when a man findings a good, when a man findings a wife, he's finding a good thing. You notice how things after they get married think continue to elevate to go break. Yes thing. Continue to, so guess who else finna get married? O Huh?


Yeah. Oh, hey, why you going, guess what? Osha too. I'm coming in out way too. I'm trying to get ready. Go. Come On. You know what they say? You know what they say Now when one out the group get married, it causes a trickle effect and everybody start walking down the aisle. I'm gonna jump the broom. Wait. Huh? I'ma jump the Ceremony. Hell, if I get mad, if that's the wrong one, I jump back across. We, yeah, you gotta come in on that. You gotta come in on that ride, don't you?


Hey All. What you say? It was the wrong one. You gonna jump back across the road? I jumped back across the room drunk, back crossing. We divorced. Hey, all that money. Alright. And another thing I want you to say, the bigger, the bigger diamond that you buy, the more likely it is to get you get divorced. Ah, that's what, that's what, that's what studies show. Wait, I, I was going to ask you where that came from. Is that real? Yes. Hey, because do you think about our grandparents? They didn't have no diamond. They had a gold band. Yeah. Everybody had a band back then. Yeah, My grandma had a, my grandma had a gold band. Grandma Charlie had a gold band. Granny had a gold band.


I don't, I guess these diamonds came along in the fifties or sixties or something. I don't know because my, my granny them, my granny, my grandma got married in the, in the forties. Yeah. Four grand. I think Gran Granny got married in like 42, 43. Grandma Charlie got married in like 39, 38, something like that. But I get it, I get it. You know, you like, and these women like, I want, you know, I want at least six carrots. I want at least 10 carrots. I want this. I mean, what Kind of carrots you, you about the kind of bugs bunny Bus be? Hey, because man, hey, but the, the prices are diamonds are coming down.


The beers you see, they got these lab grown diamonds and it's really, really hard to tell. And so everybody start flocking to that. But Ocho, I I, I look at, at some point in time, Ocho You know you, I gotta come in. I'm about this rain Ocho. You gotta come In. Yeah. See, they see, see now listen to me now you hear me? You, you start to listen to me now. I know, I know. You got your team of people. They, they keep, they keep everything, they keep everything together for you. You hear me? You know you got, you got a, you got a good squad over there. You know, you got, you got discipline. Yeah. Yeah. You got things running, you know, consistently in a good way. But when you find a woman and, and she lay her hands on you, well, you ain't gonna know what hits you. You hear me?


You ain't gonna know what hits you because I don't want you, I don't want you getting older. And I don't want you, I don't wanna see you in the home. I want, I living with my daughter. How you gonna invade her space like that? He already told, he already told my boyfriend, my daddy get old. He go, I'm he gonna stay with me. All right. Okay. I was like, nah, you too much like me. You be yelling and screaming. I can't, I can't take that. Hey look, You know, you, you, you making a joke now I want you to think about something. Now. What, what you wanna think about Statistically, you're 57, right? I'll be 57 in June. 57 in June. What we gonna do something special?


I'm I'm 47. Right? You got the thing? Yeah. We've already lived the better half of our life. Oh yeah. Yeah. I I'm close. I yeah. I, I, I, I tell myself so Much now listen to me now. Stay with me Chad. We've lived the better half of our life now. We still have a good amount of life to live. But at, at this point in, we ain't got no time to be playing no games. If we ain't found nobody in our twenties, we ain't found nobody in our thirties. You know, you ain't found nobody in your forties. You know I'm finna be, I'm finna be 50 man. I think for me, OI ain't Got time to be playing no more. You hear me?


But when I tell you what I tell you man, man, it's my time. And I, I deserve, I'm perfect. Yeah. I'm, I ain't never been perfect, but I deserve, I know my, my, my time and ticking my clock is, my clock is ticking. Yeah. I'm Finn get what I deserve. But I ain't got time. I ain't got time to play. Oh, I, I just, I wanted to show you that card crash too. I forgot to, I got show you that, you know, man, That spin all that buddy by that spin. All that buddy. You know that. Hey listen. Hey, thanks, thanks to Nightcap. You know I'm moving different, all 2025 and I'm moving different. I'm gonna tell you something in, in chat. If, if you pay attention, I got one quote. There will be signs anytime you see me moving or acting different and outta character.


This shit. Oh, we saw. Oh yeah. I'm just letting you know who is your fault. Pro Hearts, all that stuff. It's, it's, it's your fault. It's your fault. Because I, I never knew things like this were able to happen. If I wasn't catching a football and scoring touchdowns, huh? When they tell you God is good, boy you ain't been nothing but a blessing. You hear me? I'm God, I'm gonna be the first one to thank you. They talking about Jesus got this will shit got the will. Nah. Just, it's the man Look like I told you, like, oh man, when we gonna get, You know, you and I had a conversation offline. I said, no Joe, we gonna be so good. They got, they got to come see Us.


Hey, listen, they, they coming. They gotta come see us. You Saw the movie Field of Dreams, right? Yes. You know what they said in the movie? In the movie They said Build it. If you build it, they'll Come. They'll come now. Yes, for us. What people have to also understand when it comes to us state, say, look, look, look, use your eyes. Now when it comes to us, things come a little bit more difficult and we gotta work a little harder to get where you wanna go. Well, we, we just, we keep doing what we doing. They're gonna have to come see us because they see like our fan base. Look, we're gonna have, we're gonna have doubters, naysayers, haters, whatever you wanna call them.


But all I know is that 25,000, 50, 80, 90,000, they li they watch, they listen and they like our content. A lot of times people come back and they quote our content. So advertisers, sponsors see that. Trust me, I'm sitting in the meetings with 'em. Yeah, I'm talking to 'em. I know what they're saying. So all that other stuff that people be talking about, oh, they ain't talking about nothing. Who ain't talking about nothing. Okay. But you better tune in for two hours, especially on the night. Like the night when I'm feeling good, you can tell I'm feeling good 'cause I'm talking real goddamn fast and I ain't even cursed. I ain't even cursing. Tonight I'm feeling good. Why? I'm feeling good because I took me a nap.


I slept a two. I I slept for three, four hours a day.


The Volume Check engine light on, take the guesswork out of your Check Engine light with O'Reilly Vecan, it's free. Ask for O'Reilly Vecan today, Oh, oh oh. O'Reilly Auto Parts.


I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And We ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.