
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Taking over the helm of NBC Nightly News, a 75-year-old broadcast, it's a great responsibility. Good evening. I'm Tom Yamas. You have to go out there to bring people at home closer to the store. Wildfires continue to be a threat. With that massive hurricane comes the massive response. The best reporters in our business know how to listen. And when you listen, you get the truth for NBC News. NBC News, NBC News. I'm Tom Yamas. That's what we do every night. NBC Nightly News with Tom YaMmas evenings on NBC.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two. Can't afford Ozempic Try Wegovy from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the e and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one miss enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


The volume. Magic Johnson spoke about what Luca and LeBron must do to win a title. And he had this to say about Luca. Luca gotta understand this is not Dallas. We shouldn't have to tell you to be in shape. You should have already been about that. Right. Especially when you are a superstar. La la land baby. They don't play that. You know, they, they, they ain't, they ain't about nothing but championships. Ocho Yeah. So they, in every superstar, every superstar that's come there has given them a championship. Yeah. Will Wilt Kareem Shaq, LeBron Anthony Davis, every superstar that they've gotten has delivered them a championship.


I'm not talking to guys that they drafted. Obviously, You know, magic got them a championship. Kobe got them a championship, but they didn't trade. Obviously Shaq was a free agent. But every ch every superstar that's come and if we wanna classify AD as a superstar, so be it. I don't wanna nitpick about that, but I'm just saying every big, big time player, a free agent that's come to the Lakers has delivered a championship. So, I mean, what's Lu's gotta deliver it. You, you think Luca, Luca has a chance to deliver it? Yeah. If He can. He gotta stay in shape, stay healthy. Gotta stay healthy. And I think that's the biggest thing I'm, I wouldn't even say to stay in shape part. I say to stay healthy part gotta be in shape. What, what? Well, what what caused what caused what caused you to get, what caused you to get injured when you outta shape?


Because when you outta shape, guess what happens? You pull things Be in, you can be in shape and still get hurt. Now You can. But why does he look every year he looks like he's dragging a piano behind his back. You are right. You're right. It's 'cause he be bogged down injuries. His body wear, his body wears down on him. Yeah. He's a phenomenal And I'm not saying that. And, and people see sometimes Ocho people just look at the end result. Well look at the numbers that he's putting up. Right. But why does it look like, I mean, you see he got tape, he got kinesio tape all on his back, all his shoulders, everything he getting hold. Yeah.


Yeah. With chicken wide mess tape. Yeah. No, I have a question too. You know? Yes. When you lose weight, when you gain weight, does it change his game? Will it change the game and the style of play, the way he plays the game, not having that extra weight, will he still be able to do some of the things that he does as, as far as using his body, You know, to play? Or you think No, I don't, I don't think so. Ocho b because You know why? Because I mean the man's 25, 26 Ocho. I can see when you get, look, you start getting in your thirties, you getting that old man spread ocho You know, it get harder when you in your twenties, man. You should be able to just like that and Yeah, but I'm, but I'm saying I I'm talking about his style of play. Will he still be able to use his body to sit So if he trained properly, You know what I mean?


You train properly, you train for that. You, you prepare yourself for the upcoming season, whatever type of workout you doing. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think it'll hurt him. I think it'll help him. 'cause when you get late in the season, when you get to February, March, April, man, your body is still feel strong. Now. I think the one thing guys have to understand, it ain't just the offseason that you get better, but during the season you have to maintain that. You know what I'm saying? And that's maintain Yeah. Because that's the hardest thing because when you playing every night, every other night, You know, it's hard to be like, man, I gotta, I gotta go in this weight room, I gotta, I gotta throw these weights around today. Yep. You know what I mean? I think that's the main thing, bro. Like for me, uncle Ocho, when I played, man, I love working out before the game.


Like literally before we played, two hours before I go up and get me a nice little lift, total body, You know, just to keep my body strong. So when I did get out there on the floor, You know I felt good. You know what I mean? I agree. I I agree. Like I said. And look, when you got, when you dealing with that kind of money, Ocho, everybody got private chefs. Everybody, everybody got personal trainers. Everybody got physios. And Lucas a guy, his trainer can travel with the team. I bet you they let his just like, they let LeBron Mike Macia probably travel. Hey, y'all know that thing come, it come down to one thing, bro. That's having discipline, having the, hey you gotta put some of them beers down.


I ain't saying you gotta go cold Turkey, but you can't be drinking beers every night, Ocho after. How about a, how about this Ojo six pack not a case. That's all I'm saying. Get, get your six. Nice little six. Hey lead. Don't, don't do the case. I'm just, Hey, hey, the hookah man. Hey, don't get the big thing of the hookah. You know what I'm saying? He one that's like six to eight people can, can can, Some of, some of those habits for him are probably gonna be hard to break. Especially depending on who he ha who he has around him. The, those, those habits that he's been doing for a very long time. We all have our vices. You know, my, my, my vice is cigars, but if it came down to it, if I had to stop, I could stop cold Turkey when it comes to album.


Lemme Ask you a question. Could you stop smoking cigars during the season for $60 million? Huh? Could you stop smoking cigars during the season for 60? Good. Yeah, I mean that, I just thought that, don't say I'm just asking yes or no could stop smoking cigars Not addicted to it. Of course. Yeah. But and that's the, that's the thing. Look, look, Michael Jordan smoked cigars during the season, but Michael Jordan was in tip top peak shape. You look at the caps on his shoulder, you look at his body. Now, if Luca, hey, if Luca, if Luca wasn't gonna wear down at the end of the year, right? As a matter of fact, hell, I bring him cigars.


How much what them cigars? You say I got Tampa nuggets right now. I got some Tampa nuggets upstairs. Hey, look wishes. Whatever, whatever. Okay. Hey, I'll bring a, I'll bring up a six pack. I'll bring a, I'll bring up a six pack. What you, what you drinking? Hey look Mo, Coors and Hower bud. What? What you drinking bud? Light? Make light what you want. Hey you, I know he ain't drinking. No, no, no, no, no bull, no SL ball Luca. No old E Hey Liz. So he probably drinking some, some niche. I think he gonna come back in, in in much better shape. But I think he, he's gonna have to maintain that throughout, You know, throughout the season. That's the toughest part man. I, I've been seeing him working out this summer, Ocho and Unc, so I know he hears the whispers.


Believe me, he hear the whispers. So he gonna come back. He gonna come back a different player. For sure. Working out in the off season is the easiest thing you can do because you got nothing Battalion. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Ocho, you got, and you said that two hours a day. But it gets difficult. I mean it gets hard man, you getting beat up. My shoulder's getting sore, but I still gotta find a way to go in there and lift. I gotta bench, I gotta do shoulder work, I gotta do leg work. I gotta do calf work. I gotta do a, a corn work because that beating that I'm taking. And the last thing you want is the man you trying to ward off injury. Yeah. As long as you possibly can. And You know, once you get on your, you get Nick during the season, it is hard to get healthy because you can't get no rest.


You can't get proper rest. They got your ass up at the wee hours of the morning. You, hey, you can't train because you rehabbing, you doing all this training. After, after practice you there two hours before meeting, getting all the, with you. Then you get a, then you train you rehab, icing and stem during lunch break. Okay? You go out there, try to do some little walkthroughs and then you got two hours after practice. So you get treatment five hours a day. I remember them days. Yeah. See, I know you remember them days. I remember days too. Hey football, I know you can't make it through no season without lifting weight every week. Right. Hell, especially if people, Hey Joe and I, oh I could, You know, I mean UNCs body, body type is a little different.


I was, I was small. I was, I was s strong as hell. So I had no choice but to lift waist to maintain my strength. It wasn't about me. Oh no muscles Joe. You know, I wasn't, I wasn't physically imposing but I needed, because the, the wear and tear on my body and I was so small I had no choice. I had no choice But the lift weights throughout the entire of the season because I would wear down if I didn't. I just wanted to maintain my strength and not maintain my strength to be strong, but to be able to withstand the punishment I was taking. 'cause I played reckless as hell like a goddamn rag doll. A a a and and the position y'all playing here, y'all, y'all pretty much running wind sprints the entire Yeah, baseball.


I was already undersized. I only weighed 2 28. Yeah. I, I weighed 2 28. So I had to be, I had to be strong. Strong and, and, and I held, I held on for about till about week 13. That was why that thing, that thing started coming down all of a sudden. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey. Like I said, I fought it longer. Hey it is the same thing with basketball though. Think about it. When you, when you got back to backs and you playing four games and five nights, man you still gotta five time. I ain't saying you gotta go in there and squat. No 400 pounds. But you gotta go in there and keep the body strong. You know, because when you go through that rigorous season for six to eight months, bro, if you not lifting weights every week, your body is gonna break down.


That's just the way it's yeah. Yep. And as you get older, the thing that I like that, You know, Mike was like, Hey don't worry. Hey, I, I was only on one a day practices. Ocho. Yeah. Mike said, Hey, go get your lift in. I was able to get my, a practice in the morning, lift in the afternoon, kept me, kept me good and fresh. I, hey made sure I got my workout Monday after the game got, Tuesday was all about me. What I wanted to do Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday I was off. I ain't, I ain't do no once Thursday was rolled around. Yeah. And I gonna lift it for the camera. We done. Yeah. Because I go, I go Monday through Thursday. Damn. Four days, Four straight days. O Joe boy, hey, hey one good thing.


What that? Hey The devil Is the fire one good thing I found out and this when I was playing in Brooklyn playing with Kevin Garnet. Man, we used to get these lifts in after the game, right after the game. It may be a one setter, but your one set may be like 15, 20 reps. It may be like four or five exercises that way. You know you done went through that game. Now you lift that weight them weights. So in the morning when you wake up, you don't have that lactic acid just sit in, You know what I mean? You have a little pop to you. Kevin Garnett told me that. He said he got it from Dennis Rodman. And ever since, bro, I had been doing it and I left Brooklyn. And when I got to Miami, hell, everybody was in the weight room after the game. D Wade ud, everybody was in there.


I said man, listen, it was just a great environment to be in. But that's one thing I can give athletes bro. Especially hoop was after game. You should get you a a, a good, a good lifting. It ain't gotta be heavy, just something nice to keep the body toned and strong. Yeah. I ain't going, I ain't gonna lie, Joe. After game that Monday morning, I'm I bad. Oh, I'm so bad. My shoulders, my shoulders aching so bad, bad. My knee, my elbows, my knees. Especially if you come out playing on that turf. So Joe, I don't know if you had, if y'all, if you, when you got to league that did, everybody had astro turf. 'cause by that time they had started to transition the field turf.


But I was playing when they had that re that cement with that with turf rolled over the top, laid the copper down. I gotta understand, man, y'all playing a gladiator sport. The contact that y'all got, that's like a car wreck, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Every time you collide with somebody, like that's, that's gotta be rigorous. I know they, so after y'all play on Sunday, they, what? Y'all probably don't have to report to practice to win on ocho. Yeah, Monday. Monday you go and watch, you watch film on Monday. And then sometimes they give you victory, victory Monday where you don't gotta going so you play. It's right. You don't have to. Yeah. You just go get your own lift. You know, you do your own thing. Your own thing. That's, that's what, but I was, it didn't matter. I'm always, I remember we played Miami on a Monday night Ocho. Yeah. We got back at, we got back at like five, like five 30 in the morning.


I'm like, sh I might as well going to get me a workout. Got get it, got it outta the way, huh? Yeah, I got it outta the way. That was the only, that's really the only time that I didn't come back over there. That Tuesday I got my workout in. I always, Tuesday was my workout day and clean the clock out. So our Lysol get all the dirt out my shoes and stuff. Vacuum it out. I did that. Went home. That was it for the day. But I had to get that work. I had to get that work in man. I just, I just had to, I, I didn't feel right. If I didn't lift, I gotta get, try to get some of that soreness out. 'cause like you said that West coast offense, the tight ends, he does a lot of running and You know, sometimes you catch more passes than the other. But hey, you gonna get that blocking in. 'cause TD back there, TD gonna get his touch. TD gonna get 25 30 K.


Hey, hey listen. So in basketball it's about equivalent to about a little over three miles. Right. A game. Especially if you, you one of 'em heavy hitters and you playing top minutes in football. 'cause y'all playing wide receiver, tight end. It's a bunch of sprints. How many sprints you think y'all running a game? Ooh, Lord, That's a good question. Probably. Let's see. Let's just say Ocho, you catch 10 passes. Yeah. If you call 10, it all depends on how many, how many pass plays we have. We might have 25, we might have 30, we might have 35. Now some you running a shallow cross, some you run a flat route, some you running a stick, some you run a scene.


So for me, I would say probably 2000 yard rent. That's a lot, man. Yeah, but you gotta me think it sound like a lot. But you gotta think if each play is three seconds full Speed, three five seconds, Three seconds, full speed. Yeah. Three Seconds. Full speed rest. So it, it is a continuous it especially, especially if, if you in shape and shape, well man, you good. And even if you in shape and shape, guess what?


You a, you running that too many drill and let 'em throw you a couple of passes in a row. Hey, Going right onto that fella. Hey, get in there. Hey. Huh? Oh, check this out. Speaking of lifting Joe, we gotta talk about the video ocho posted this morning. Oh, playing with, oh, whoa, I forgot, forgot about that this morning, man. If the bar touching his, I ain't touch his chest on. Now you gotta touch your chest. It don't count. What? Don't count. If the bar does not touch your chest, it does not count. Hey, don't nobody touch my chest, but my woman. Oh, if that bar does not touch your chest, it does not count.


Says who Says the bitch rest. Look. No, I'm think Google A look up the definition of a bench press. Oh no, no. I don't care what the, I don't care what the definition of the bench press is. I'm, you Ain't Finn to change it. Oh, just because you don't do it to Nobody. That's, that's no rep. I'm bitching how I see fit and why I look the way I do. No, No rep. No rep. Hey, you saw how easy you saw. Hey listen, they stay with me. You see how slow, how easy and slow. I'm a I'm gonna do three 15 next week for you too. I bet you done. Hey listen, I'm, oh, I can do three 15 what you talk about. No you can't. PI did that. You ain't do but like three, four reps.


I only did five. That's all I wanna do. I just wanted, I just touch your chance. Still had it Touch your chest. I just wanna see if I still had it. Hey, my, my titties too big. I can't, I can't tell. I can't tell my chest. I got, I just got 'em done.


This is Jenny Garth from Idu part two. Can't afford Ozempic Try Wegovy from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say Do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member ft IC.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now to July 15th, stock up on all your favorite personal care brands and earn four times points to use on later purchases for discounts on groceries or gas shop in store or online for items like Pantene, shampoo, old Spice, total Body deodorant, Tampa's Pearl, Venus Razors Head and Shoulder shampoo, Olay Body Wash and Pantene conditioner and earn four times points. Hurry before these deals are gone. Offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W group void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply Khal.


Zabar says Shannon Sharp Night Cat tell him doesn't count as a full rep baring to get to the chest. This is how I know those dumbbells. You were lifted the other day. Had to be fake struggling with 2 25. Agree. You gotta touch that bar to your chest or it don't count. And I Don't have to, I don't, I don't have to do nothing. I was supposed to follow the NFL rules. I ain't follow nine one, so I ain't, I'm the guard not touching my chest. Y'all just mad. Y'all not stronger than me. How about that? I don't know. They might not be. I don't know. You're not talking to me. So 50 we, we lift the same amount of weight. What are you talking about? Whatever you do, I can do. I tell you what, I'll tell you what I do. I tell you what I do. I bet you 59, the 5,900 whatever you max, I'll rep it.


Whatever you max I'll rep. Well bet. Let matter of fact, double or nothing Double, double. Let's double Triple or nothing. Okay. Bet Whatever you Max. I Rep. Hey, this was just you. This what you fail to realize. I just look like this. I don't give a damn what you look like. I'm just as strong as you are. Whatever you max, I'll rep it. All Right, all right, all right. Okay. Because you saw me with two chains I'm talking about with no, with no one. I just went in there and did 2 25, 15 times. Well, that I just did. That's what I just did. I just walked in the gym and did 2 25 for Five reps and didn't touch a chance. Huh? All I've said is whatever you max 3 15, 3 50, whatever you max, I'll rep it.


Man. You don't want no smoke. Yeah, I do. I want all that. You Don't want no smoke. As a matter of fact, I want want, I want Joe a hundred dollars on top of that too. Yeah, yeah. I want cover Joe. Hey this. Hey, I promise you when they come to the waiting room, this ain't what you want. Right? It is. This ain't what you want. It is. I just look like this. You think 'cause I'm, I'm small in stature. I can't lift what you lift. I that Chad that same thing you can do. I'm telling Chad, Ask Chad, do they Think you could bitch with me? I don't Care what the check Is. Yeah. Gotta have a lift off. We gotta have a lift. It won't be cold. Matter fact, I can hold on. Lemme tell you something. Lemme tell you something. I'm not cocky, I'm convinced you hear me. I'm not cocky.


I'm convinced I Ain't worry about that. You Can't beat me in the way room Me and Joe, you can't beat me hooping all. That's what I tell you. I tell you what I do, I tell you what I do. O that's how I'm feeling. Oh, Joe, this is what I do. I bet my salary to your salary. Wait, well, which, which job? Any job you want, you take EF espn. You take Nightcap Recap, you take Club Sheha, whatever job you want. Okay. I like that. I like that. Hey, hey, hey. I hope my kids watching. We gonna have a good Christmas. Hey Van. Hey, I'm no you not. Same bet. Hey, hey, Joe. Hey Joe. Hey Joe. When I'm done, well, I'm gonna have me a property. You hear me? Oh, Joe O I'm banging O Joe.


Hey, You know what? Hey boo your head that way. Lemme see that tv because I wanna get that TV center. I gonna, my, I I I want, I want, I want my guy to come in there when he go sit in that tv. Hey, you would take that piano because don't nobody, I don't know how to play the piano so you can take the piano with you. Nah, nah, nah. Hey, that's, that's a good one though. But hey, I'm, I'm too strong though. I just look like, hey, what, what you saying? I just look like this. I just look like this. Hey, I don't even, first of all, 84% said me 60. I don't know who the 60% is. I don't know who the, I don't know who they Are.


That that's, that's, that's what's wrong with society. We, we are visual creatures. So anything of size, they just assume it's stronger. That, that, that's just the way we are as society. And then people and as humans not understanding, Hey Joe, if I'm not all yoed up and big, then I'm not strong. Then you have people that are foolish in saying, I'm doing one 20 and the weights are fake. That's how You know. Well, he's so small. We don't expect him to be able to do that eight times. I'm very strong for my sides when people don't understand Joe. That's why I know if me and Unc, it was a tussle, I'm be folding like a long, she You bad.


He had a laugh on me Bad. Don't your I Like to confidence. I definitely, I definitely love to have you as a teammate because I know we gonna go out there. Even if we go get our ass beat, you gonna have us convict that we come win this Game. But every time, every time He's not that department because boy, if you daw, he ain't lack no coffee. If you think for one second you got a chance to beat me in some basketball, boy you lost your mind. You lost. Right. All right. Look, listen, I'm not, I'm I'm not Michael B boy. I don't care Who you is. I'm ain't who. I ain't make a be boy. This Ocho now this me, it's what I do.


Check My, check my birthday. And I Think you won't even score no more than two points. See, you might get lucky and throw up, throw up a hail Mary. You might make a hail Mary. You look like one of them type throw up a hell Mary. But outside of that, you, you didn't score no more than two points. Man. Man, that ocho so he gonna lift more than me. Lord have mercy. I can tell by that. Look, by that little form you just did right there. I could tell. Oh, nah. Hey, hey you, you see me? Hey listen, you see me? Hey look, watch the wrist break. And I, I, I'm not gay, but I know how to break through this. You hear me? Hey Joe. Hey, hold on. Lemme turn to the side so you can see it, Joe. Hey, got, Hey, that gooseneck, you got that gooseneck?


Yeah. Yeah, man, please. How much is that? How much is on there? Oh man, I'm feeling good tonight, bro. I feel, Hey, I don't, I don't know if, hey, I don't know if you can see the chat earlier. Y don't know if you can see the chat earlier, but boy, I was, and I was about to cry. You behind any goddamn glasses. Boy, boy, the chat boy. Y'all some funny people man. Hey, yo. You could, can you see the chat? I see. Man, listen man, I, I would try with I, hey, I would hold it in so bad, man. Folks in that chest. So by that, by wan, I can't See, I don't see, I can't see Chad.


Listen, Hey, Angela was over here crying. I wonder with everybody. Jordan laughing. I'm like, man, I gotta keep it together. I'm like, what's funny Man Ass shaking her head talking about she got a a Hey, that goddamn chat was fun, Neither. Yeah, they don't play, man. I was like, man, but I, I caught on. Yeah. Ash, Ash pulling something for you, Ocho. What did it, what's that?


Tracy McGrady had a take this week. He went on the young man in the three podcast and said, I don't think nobody had better handles than Jamal Tinsley. Even Rie Joe. Jamal Tinsley was in my draft class. Oh one. Wait, Jamal, Tammy Lee? Yeah. Tinsley. You mean Jamal? Jamal Tinsley. Jamal. He went Tinsley. He played with all he played in. Yeah, I think he went to Iowa State if I ain't mistaken. He did. He got handled. He got handled. He, he had handle Ocho. He had some handles, but I don't, I ain't better. Ain't nobody got no how to look. It was tight though. He got a, he had a tight handle, but it, it wasn't in no Kyrie Time out, time out, time out.


I don't, and I mean, no disrespect to the, to the sport of basketball. Chad, I apologize, Jamal. Yeah, Kinsley, That's a name we knew. You probably wasn't gonna know that one though, Joe. Don't worry about that. Yeah. But, but, but if, if McGrady say he's better than, than, than than urban. He, he just saying handle, he said handles. Oh, okay. Okay. So he had the same type of Yeah. Yeah. He, he had a nice bag with him. Like he, he, I don't know, Same lay packing. I dunno if he was a like Kyrie, but he had a nice handle. He had a nice handle. He, he was, he was a big point guard too. Like he would post stuff from time to time. But to say his handle was better than Kyrie's.


That's a stretch, bro. Okay. Yeah. Big stretch. Hey, hey, Kyrie Kyrie and, and for, for me, I, I, I relate everything in soccer terms. To me, Kyrie's creativity is, is similar to that of, of, of Namar and Ronald Dino, You know, he's, he's a magician with the ball. They are magicians with the ball and not, not not in the gym playing around. I'm talking about in game where it's, it, it, you can't make a mistake when you try to pull certain moves off, you have to execute it. And every time they do do it, man, they do it with, with just, I mean, hey Look, because it's really read and react some of the stuff that them dudes do or, or even us as athletes that we do in a game, a lot of times you reading and reacting.


So it may be, you may pull something off that you've never practiced before. You know what I'm saying? I, you may pull something off you've never practiced before, but Right. It's just read and react so, You know, it just kind of come to you. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I, like I said, I a, he played against him, but it's hard for me to ble and I've seen a lot of guys handle the ball. Isaiah Thomas could pat the Rock. Isaiah Thomas was the first guy I'm talking about. I'm talking about Isaiah would come up to court. You literally doing this right here, da da da da. Watch him in the All Star game. Yeah. White chocolate had handles. I've never seen anybody have handles like Rito. Hey Jason, Jason win. Jason Williams was very entertaining with that ball in his hands, boy.


For sure. Very entertained with that ball in his hands. And you can't be worried about having no turnovers or making no mistake playing like that though. Yeah. Them dudes come out, they play free. They have fun. Hey, they, they, they let loose. You know a lot of guys ain't willing to take them chances, some of them chances. Those dudes, some of them chances. Those dudes take during the game, man, You gotta be, Hell nah. You gonna get your ass smashed up out the game. Absolutely. There you go. They, they'll pull. A coach will pull you out. Hell yeah man. If you can Wait about, I'm talking about in the NBA. Yeah. If you ain't Ocho, if you out there, you ain't, you ain't him me, you out there trying stuff and you turn the ball up, man, you gonna come sit next to me.


Oh, when you on, you gotta understand at the NBA level dudes, if you really not like that, there would be no com. There would be no level of comfort to pull that shit off anyway. In a real game. Man. There's some dudes out there who got some handles, they just scared to pull it out. They scared to try some of this stuff in a real game. Like you see some of these bigs, you watch some of these dudes play in the summertime. You wouldn't you hold on man. Why you ain't doing that during the regular season? During the season? Oh. You Know what I mean? Okay, okay, okay. You know they pull that off and then get a cup of turnover. Boy, you gonna be sitting down. Hmm. Oh Yeah, for sure. You know you, they're not Finn to let you just, just arbitrarily just in turn in in a game Ocho where yeah, where it matters.


Okay. You wanna be in practice and you try some stuff like that. But you get in the game where wins the losses matter. Yeah, It, hey, it's just like you might try some stuff in, in, in, in the, and the warmup line. Pat and go Huh? Ocho? Yeah, Look what's on the bar Ocho There? What that there four plates? What's that? What's that? Four, five. Why you struggling? Why you struggling? Hey, I tell you what. I bet you can't tell. I tell you what, you can't even hold it. That's three refs with 4 0 5. You ain't never done four, five. Well, ain't never done man. I wait, what he talking about? Yeah, you gonna say you squatted As a matter of fact, I probably can bitch what you squat while you bumping him?


I don't do that. I squat. Why you pumping up? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. You might, you might wanna pump your brakes a little bit and talk to some of my teammates and ask. That's 4 0 5 right there. Joe. Ojo don't catch no with no spotter and a suicide. Ocho don't catch no hernia out here trying to lift no 4 0 5, man. Hey Joe, Joe, I was doing 4 0 5 when I was in the leagues, Joe. I was squat a six 50 when I was in the league, Joe. I worked out line Squat. You can't, you can't squat six 50 with a two plus suit. Hold On Joe. See that's why I know you don't know if You know you, you have you ever been in a two plus suit? Hey Joe, Joe, You have you ever been in a two plus suit?


No, I only, I only wear three piece. Exactly Joe. Every, You don't dunno nothing bad though Joe. Every time, every time I say I do something Right. He never believed me until I had people that come on that play with me. Ain't nobody gonna come on. I can call Chip, I can talk Chip Call Chip call Ray Chip or Chip Martin. He'll tell, You know he chip Being Baltimore, I worked out with the lineman. All I know pound for pound. When I was in the league, I was the second strongest player. I was 225 pounds with a max of four 70. Hold on. You was the second strongest player on your team maybe? No, in the league body weight, pound for pound.


Man. Hey, you did that with no, with no spot man. No, I no bye. Yeah. Hey, he probably listen. Hey that was, it was probably elevated. They probably had some help. Ain't no elevator. Hey, you see pull it back. You can see what's back there. You can see what's back there. Hey on. You see these On, I take it down slow and control ocho. Bye myself. Hey Look, touching my chest. That is a bitch. Hey that's a, that's a magic trick. Hey look, I gotta see that for myself. That's, that's my a a a Joe. That's AI Joe. That's ai. That ain't real. Who can ai? That's ai.


Hey Chad, that's ai. Don't, don't, Ain't gonna lie to you. That's one thing to Chad. No, the Chad. No look, I ain't gonna lie to you. There ain't nothing but some squat weight for me. Boy. Hey, I ain't, I ain't sit here. I ain't gonna sit here and lie to you. I ain't finna try to get under there and lift no 4 0 5. Boy please. Hey, hey, hey Joe. It ain't that hard Joe. He just, just look like that. You know y'all got d You know football players had different bills from basketball players For sure I do. Joe, look at me Joe. I Here you go. There you go. Here you go. Here you go. Look at my, hey Give, I tell you what O Joe. Gimme six weeks. What you gonna do at six? What? What you, you give you six? Gimme six weeks.


What you talking about? Okay. You want, you wanna dojo, you really wanna do this? You know I work out every day, huh? No, I'm saying Whatever you gonna do. I work out every day. I, I ain't played football in 12 years. I work out every day. Like I'm finna get How long you think it's been since I played football? Damn. You think I'm retired yesterday? I'm, I'm telling you, I work out every day. Like I'm finna get a phone call. You just never know. I get a case. I've been, I've been retired 22 years. Okay. Okay. With double hips. What you wanna do? I mean, what? You, You know what? Don't I I I bet you I wouldn't put my feet on the floor. Man.


Listen, six weeks, what you wanna do? I can hold my feet up too. What you saying? Hey Ocho, ocho, I'll be, I'll beat you with my feet up like this. Here I, I can do, I can do the same thing. It's all about, hey listen, it's all about core at that point. Hey, you see I my feet, my feet on the bitch with you. Alright? I wanna, I wanna know what's up with this six week challenge. What you trying to do? Because I love, I love a good competition. I ain't wasting my time with you, man. That's What I, I thought because You know what's up. You don't want no smoke with me. You know better, You know. Oh, Joe, don't let get your blood pressure up. O Joe.


Hey. No, I'm, I'm good Joe. Joe, I'm good Joe. But when it come to competing, can't nobody see me in nothing. I don't care who it is or what it is. And Joe is what I do, Joe, Man, Ocho, I don't even, I don't even really lift like that no more Ocho, but for you man lost his mind over there. Yeah. Woo. I be ocho you can't even do three 15. How you gonna tell me what I could do? I'll do it tomorrow, UNC, before my flight. I'll do it before my flight tomorrow to show you. Hey, lifting weight ain't nothing to me. Huh? Hold on. I'm trying to think. Hold on. Where we go? Hold on. Listen, let, let me finish.


I've been pushing weight since the eighties. I've been lifting with all Now. Alright. Oh hey Joe. Joe, I done done it all Joe. I was a mule for the cartel. Joe. What you talking about? This is what I do. Hey, look at this. Look at that. Let me lemme put it in the camera for you so you can see. Joe. You see that? That's 30 inches, boy. That's 30. What? That's half of that. Hey, I know about YI need to waste My time. Hey Joe. I I took a nap today, Joe. Yeah. I tell, I I took a nap today. Y had something to drink. You could, I you could out.


You, I bitch me, I ain't, I ain't doing nothing but this avion, It spiked with something. Meow responded to Michael Beasley's challenge to play one-on-one. I'm not losing one-on-one game, bro. I've never lost a one-on-one game. I'm not saying I'm going out there playing what I'm saying. I got ridiculed for doing this ish at the highest level for being a one-on-one end. Joe, I DMed are flooded with people telling me to ask you if you beat Mellow 1 0 1. Man. I think I beat anybody. Okay. I think I'll beat anybody. Here's why I tell y'all. I think the one-on-one game is very different versus, You know, playing in a five on five setting. You have isolation. Yeah. You know, one-on-one at the top.


At the top. That's how you got the name ISO Joe. Hey man, I've been doing this for a long time now. I've been doing this for a long time. That's how you got do that, not do that. Not understand what is Hey, but you, but You know, You know, as athletes, man, everybody feel like, You know, they, they, they can't be beat. But I tell you what, I tell y'all what's going to happen. I think all these matchups, I do think they going to happen. I think they, they may happen under, You know, different conditions meaning, You know, we gonna have to get it together, You know, get the sponsors right. You know. But they definitely, probably more than likely going to happen for sure. Because I know the fans wanna see it. Look anywhere I go, since we brought this topic up or since Lance and and Beasley has played, this is all the talk it's been about.


So I know, I know the people. I know Chad wanna see it. I know everybody want to see it, so I'm sure it's gonna happen. Yeah. I I I think that's dope too. A different dynamic, You know, for those that aren't playing in a structured environment, five B five anymore and have competition, a one-on-one competition and it's something that can continue to, this can be big. That's what I'm saying, Ocho that's all I'm saying. It, it, it, it, it, it can, it can become very, very big and somebody sitting on the meal tickets, somebody sitting on the golden ose or golden golden egg, whatever you want to call it for, for NBA players. And this can also falter into other sports too. What I'm talking about one-on-one setting.


Yeah. One, one, one-on-one setting, nigga. Listen, it could be football, it could be basketball. I'm not sure if there's anything else out, out outside of that that would be interesting tool to us culturally that people wanna see. But football and then basketball would be really, really dope. Yeah, I know everybody wanna see, see these basketball matchups man. And they going, it'll be fun. It'll be interesting as well. It is something I'm very intrigued about. So it it is going happen. We we gonna do it for the culture. We gonna do it for the fans for sure. They gotta make first. Now we ain't, we ain't, we ain't just skate. We ain't just getting out there just stacking. Hello? Hello. There you go. No, hell nah. You gotta make, you gotta make, if you make dollars it makes go.


There we go. Hey Tyler Hero says he doesn't believe in history before 1950. I don't believe anything that happened before 1950. For real. Like how do we know, when did Christopher Columbus come to America? The land, whatever they said 1492. How do we know? I think these young kids just be saying stuff to say stuff, Hey, we in different era Uncle Ocho. Everybody want to have a viral, everybody has a platform. Everybody speak they mind. So it is, it, it's a lot different now. And it, and think about it, o guys, they taking, they taking history out, out outta the schools.


Oh yeah. Yeah. Hey, who, who, whose idea was that? That was Trump? Huh? Changing the curriculum and stuff. Huh? Man, this Miami trying To erase history. So we don't know things that happened before we were here. And that's crazy. I-C-I-C-I-I could I understand. I Mean, I mean, did he got grandparents? So if they tell him something I I'm sure his grandparents was born before 1950. He, he, he from Tallah Hero now from the crib. Is he from Miami? Nah, nah, I don't know where he from, but I mean so anything that his grandparents tell him he don't believe his grandparents were born before 1950. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah.


I I don't know. I I, I


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Can't afford Ozempic Try Wegovy from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracks also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through July 15th, stock up on all your favorite personal care brands and earn four times points to use on later purchases for discounts on groceries or gas shop in store or online for items like Pantene, shampoo, old Spice, total Body deodorant, Tampa's Pearl, Venus Razors Head and Shoulder shampoo, Olay Body Wash and Pantene conditioner and earn four times points. Hurry before these deals are gone, offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Taking over the helm of NBC Nightly News, a 75-year-old broadcast, it's a great responsibility. Good evening, I'm Tom Yamas. You have to go out there to bring people at home closer to the store. Wildfires continue to be a threat with that massive hurricane comes the massive response. The best reporters in our business know how to listen. And when you listen, you get the truth for NBC News. For NBC News. For NBC News, I'm Tom Yamas. That's what we do every night. NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Let's talk about this trade. The Memphis Grizzly sent Desmond Bain to the Orlando Magic for KCP, Contavious, Caldwell, Pope Cole, Anthony 4 1 2, 3, 4 unprotected first round picks and a pick swap. Hold on. I don't think y'all heard me p bell 'cause I ain't get the reaction that I thought I was gonna get from you. 1, 2, 3, 4 unprotected first round picks and a pick swap. Yeah, I mean, when you do something like Little bit, are you blowing it up? Are you, are you gonna get rid of Ja, are you gonna get rid of Triple J? I mean, what's going on?


What's going on, Joe? Man, they, that's what it looked like. I'm like, man, they gave up a lot, You know, to Well, Desmond Bain. Yeah, they gave up a lot from Desmond Bain, man. But I mean, I, I don't know what Memphis got going on over there. I, I don't know what they plan on doing. Maybe they will get rid of JA and jj, but I'm like, why if you do that, then what, what you banking on? What you, I mean, what's gonna be your draw? You know what I mean? If you get rid of them. Yeah. IIII look at it like this. Right. I look at it like this, right. If, if I'm gm I'm looking at it like, if I wanted to start a team, right? Obviously I'm gonna pick the guy that I wanna start the team with.


I'm gonna pick a five man. But if there's anybody else that you need as like a shooter, a glue guy, a guy that can just get you points from, from nowhere. I honestly think he's an upgrade from Caldwell Poker. If we being honest, the different band, You know? Yeah. If we being honest, he's done it in the regular season. He's done it on honor. Oh, you saying he's an upgrade on kcp? Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. He's, yeah. Right, right. When, when, when And, and I, and I think Memphis all also needed a, a guard who could bring up the ball, You know, who can go get its own bucket. I like that. They also needed some, some, some, some, some locker room presence. I like that. From KCP. Right?


I, I don't like the picks. Right. But we, it's been so up and down in the NBA Luca Johnsons gets up one first round, a guy gets three first rounds. So it, you just don't know the, the scale of Right. Of how they negotiate with the picks. And you see Rudy Gobert go for four first round picks. Yeah. But you just don't know. Go ahead Pat. Go ahead. Yeah, we, it's just hard for us to know like what's actually been saying in those conversations. So like we can look at it like, man, what the hell, what, what's wrong with y'all? How y'all giving up that much? Right. To the naked eye. But I don't know, it might have been the deals and and place before. We don't know if it's, You know, it's, it's so much with this business that you really, but I I, oh, Scotty Pippin Jr.


Played well for Memphis last year when Ja was, when Jah was down. I thought he played well. P be Yeah, I think, I think I Think you keep him and you get cold. Yeah. You, I, right. I don't Think you can as many these play ball handles and Playmakers you can have, You know, I think that's, that's a good, that's a good look. I think Luke Ard, Luke Ard is up for contract. I think he's free agent. Right. So I mean that's, that's a open position. That's, You know, that's telling you they might not wanna bring Luke Kenard back. So, You know, I I think I like it with the presence with kcp a winner who's done it before. Someone that could be in Ja, I like Jared Jackson, JJ and Ja still together, You know, so we, we just, I like eating, You know what I'm saying? We just have to see how it goes.


I mean, I'm looking at this, I'm like, what message? I don't think they got better. I don't, I don't think they got better with this trade. I don't think Memphis, they're still ninth c they, they for the play with the, the move they made today, they're still in the play. Yeah. I don't look at, okay with this move right here now they're top five, they're top five, top four seeds. I don't look at it like that. You think they're top four, top five seed right now? P now you gotta think this is the same team that that fired Taylor Jenkins. So You know, you gotta come in thinking that sometimes maybe they don't, they don't think the right way at all. You know, You know what I'm saying? So you gotta understand like, oh man, this is the same organization that fired a a, a phenomenal coach, you feel me?


They, they been in the headlines with Ja Moran and this this, they've been in the headlines more than the Hollywood team. Yeah. You know the Memphis, it was down, unfortunately I was there, but yeah, I mean yeah. Matter of fact you was on the team. Yeah. You with there too? I said, I checked them and say, uncle good, you, I'm cool. I'm like, yeah, hey, you say hey, you say hey, let that go man. Let it go man. They, they on some bull drive them young boys. They like that. Let it go, let it go. So like, they've been in the news more than, than, than than the Hollywood team. So like, You know, you, you, you always have to question a, any move they make, hey look, you see them trading Ja in Triple J. Man, I can't see that. I, I know, I know the rumors been spreading around, but man, Ja is star power.


He's box office I think. I think a lot. I think they lean, I Think you should, they putting more pressure on him to be elite, to be one of the top guys in this league. And JJ like you got two great pieces who work together. I don't know why you would trade that and, and, and what you would get back for it. You know what I mean? That would Yeah. Comfortable to what, You know, they give so I, I don't see, I don't see them trading him. I think they looking for Ja to take that next step and You know, be, be, be elite in this league. Be one of the top elite guards, man. That's how they gonna be able to contend. I think Joslin al, he just can't stay.


He gotta stay healthy though, Joe. I think that's why they got them other guards. That's why you bring in Cole Anthony. You keep Scotty Pimpin because of his injury history. But if you gonna keep him healthy, I think Oh, he's phenomenal. Yeah. Yeah. He's pH he's phenomenal and be besides, I mean, you get rid of him. Who, Hey look, there are very few big fans that team that, that people ever have ever come to see. So you, you, they come to see small, they come to see guards, they come to see LeBrons and Kevin Durant. They come to see Steph Curry and James Hard and guys like that. I mean look, triple J is phenomenal, but they, people ain't gonna be lining up to see Triple J and Zach.


Edie, I'm sorry. Hey Pete man. Yeah, nah, You know this a start driven league, bro. You know what I mean? He got commercials, this, that and the third. Like he, he got a shoe. Yeah, he got his own. Nah, he the culture, he the coach. He just looking for him to take that next step man, You know, be a little bit more disciplined in the things that he doing off the court. You know, hold himself accountable and, You know, come in and help get that franchise, You know, back to they winning ways. Yeah, because he the, he the, he the chief of the white. Oh man. Oh yeah. All the white. I know. Why him? They love him to death. Yeah. Him and him and young boy they love, they love him too. They can't do no wrong. They can't do no wrong. He can't, he got the culture he just got, Hey, hey, hey.


See, see what they feel like is bad for the public eye. Like, like P Bell said, EY Ns, they loving it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. They loving it. They love it. They love to see Mac like that. But here's the thing, bro. Do you understand how much money you cost yourself? That's what I'm, you make a big button, you, hey, you get suspended for 20 games, man. Hey p, be back. Come on now. 20 games. That's probably three. That's two $3 million, 4 million. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you who mad. Janet Jackson Jr. Oh man. Because yeah. Oh yeah. He cost himself a hundred mil. Mm. He made one of them all them games. They say, they talking about, they talking about, they talking about your homie cost him all that money. LeBron Jazz. Yeah.


They, they say LeBron if LeBron, if LeBron don't get that position, they say that's for sure JJ J's fine. And he get that three 50. But, but I, but I, but here's the thing. Does anybody think Triple JI play LeBron this year? No. Not, not even quote. Not even. Well see that's the thing in my mind I'm thinking like, damn, they done gave it to LeBron for 20 years. At least get me. You know? So I feel it both ways. And, and, and the thing is, is that you can't win. They said, okay, we want this. Okay, now you got writers that's going to decide how much money you actually make.


Yeah, because ain't that why second team 13, first to second team, all N-B-A-M-V-P you right. Hey love. It's cold game now. It's a cold game for me, man. It used, it used to be the players voted, but they say, man, y'all got favoritism. You got your players X, Y, and Z. So they say, You know what, let's turn it over to the writers. They turned it over to the writers, bro, you ain't gonna, somebody gonna be disappointed because the season that will average 50 and 25. He didn't win the MVP. So up until 1980 players voted for the MVP. Yeah. They said, nah man. Man, y'all be buddy buddy. Y'all be hanging out the All Star game. Y'all cool. So you vote for your buddy.


Okay. They said, I'll tell you what, we gonna take it out now. The riders got it. Not what you wanna do. Somebody gotta vote, somebody gotta win. NBPP be somebody, gotta be first, second team on NBA. Somebody gotta be first to second team all defensive. So, and got a Wendy's award. So what's a way that you guys, you guys played in the league, how would you like to see that handled? I, I I, I, I like how it's, I like how it's been handled. Like I and I and I, I think that once, once you kind of understand and the older you get, that basketball's a huge business and, and part of basketball being a business is, is it, it it it's partly entertaining also, right? It's, it's entertainment.


It's fans being entertained by a guy shooting three these guys and You know, doing call crazy dunks. So once I kind of found that out and I, I used to steal stuff, I'm like, Hey, okay cool, I see Tony Allen throwing up First Cent. Okay cool. Anytime I get a big stop, I'm gonna throw up first Cent. Right? Right. That'll trigger people to be like, oh, oh, you looking, first scene that gets to go on media has to go with it. Right. So I get to playing a game now. I don't, I'm not, I haven't been in the luxury to, You know, see 350 million or see I, I haven't been in that luxury, but I know the small things I did. So ain't no telling what guys out here doing, guys probably sending wine bottles, all type of stuff. Here's the thing, people, but the before you go Joe, is that if Memphis, if Ja take care of what now they're on television more and now people see 'em more.


Yeah. See LeBron's on call you the Lakers, they got 40, 42, 43 televised games. So if you going see LeBron, you going to see Luca, you gonna see Jason Tatum, you're gonna see a lot of these guys. But in Memphis it's contingent. So when John's there and they're playing, well Memphis, we used to see Memphis and we see Ja be a second team. We see J Triple J be on the all NBA selection. But when you're out of sight, look, I only got so bad. Look, I'm, I'm following the team. A lot of these people are beat riders. Everybody's not. And they all these games, everybody ain't watching everybody play. It is not like the NBA. I mean, excuse me, NFL all the games come on Sunday.


You got some playing, playing Wednesday. They got some team playing Tuesday, got some team Thursday, they got Friday. So I can't, hey, I can't keep up with everything p be, Hey listen, I think with, with Jan Jackson Jr. P Bev for me is like, he hang his hat so much on offense nowadays and I think he need to go back to being that mean defensive presence. I don't know if he can lead the league in, in blocks anymore with wi being in the NBA, but no, he ain't gonna win that. He ain't win that win that, that ain Ain't nobody win. Aint nobody, ain't nobody for the win the block title with wi there. Hey listen, but he got, he got a, his hat on defense, You know, his offensive game will come, You know, if he, if he let his, his defense fuel his offense versus just standing out there at the three point line, You know, shooting a lot of threes.


I know he got a nice little bag, You know, with him offensively, but they need his defensive presence for them to be effective in that, in that wild, wild west. And he, he, he, he said that so, so we played him, we played him in the playoffs when I was in Minnesota and, and and he was, and the next year he wanted to kind of work on his offense and his switch was okay, if I focus all on my defense, I'm gonna end up in a in foul trouble lot. He led the leagues, he led the league in fouls also in here. So his thing was like, I'm gonna balance it out. I'm gonna go a little bit more offense just to, You know, I ain't gonna put all my energy on defense. I'm gonna put a little bit more of my energy on offense to kind of balance it out. 'cause when he was all defense, he was F May found out everything.


But the prob, the problem is he gonna have is that they've made all the NBA team positionless. So now you might have 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 4 Fords or threes or guards. So it's not like we gotta have a a five, a four or three A two and a one. So 'cause you look at the second team, I mean you look at all I be like damn. And so now you really ain't high but Yoic was the only center. Yeah. And there was no Joe L and bead. 'cause You know when Joe l and b come back healthy, he getting one of them spots. But he me ain't never gonna play enough games to get no spot. Huh? That's a wrap. Might be right. Gotta play. You gotta play 65. You the oldest on a lot of people.


Yeah. Yeah. So that's why I'm saying for me it's like I feel like it's kinda, You know, it's kind of easy for 'em to crack in that. 'cause there's a lot of these top guys, they not gonna play enough games to even be qualified for any of these awards. You know what I mean? So he can keep himself healthy. I say a a solid 22, 23 game with about 12 rebounds, You know a couple blocks man that'll put you right there Thursday. Hey You know he, hey hey be a 1911 guy with three blocks with two and a half blocks. That's the best you could do because if you put 20 points, 22 points a game that takes too much away from his defense. Oh. Oh yeah. He just gave away bangs. How much bangs average he averaged 20 something right? Yeah. Bangs average about 19, 20 KKCP and and and the other guys come hold Anthony hold, they not going, they not gonna be putting up points like that.


Now they gonna have some games where they gonna be lights out. But for the most part I'm saying to be consistent, You know he has to be consistent on a night to night basis. That's basically what they gonna be looking at. Hey you gotta work. Hey gotta get tighten them handles up. He be, you gotta be able to put that bag on the plug. Get to that spot man. You better get in as the block left. Block right Bad. Look at hook hundred rain hooks. Don't put because hey look how many bigs we got in the league on who can, who can? There ain't really none ain't about four five up. When you talk, when you talk about tro I'm talking about like a Yoic and a Embi. I mean theoretically they listen Giannis as a big and LeBron and JT and all that but Evan Mobley, Jared Allen.


But when you really look out talking about like big bigs that play big, I be triple J right now. That's what I'm saying. And a ad. Yeah. Now ad healthy A with ad healthy Yeah Mark. So you got Yoic, you got them B you got ad you got Giannis. So that's four, that's four fours. Right. The fi fours and five you could take Giannis Giannis done made firsthand the last eight. Yeah, you go and take him off that he gonna be on that. He definitely gonna be on there. He gonna be on that and, and and Yoic it's gonna be hard to, for somebody to unseat him 'cause he going to have damn down after the triple double.


His team gotta win. Yeah, his team gotta win. That's it. Gotta win after win. That's it. They gotta win. Did the Bain, did the Bain trade expose? How badly the Mavericks Bosch de Luca deal? The Mavericks, the Lakers gave up one first round pick for Luca. The Maverick gave up four first round picks and a pick swap. P be they, they got ad in return ad ain't no slouch. Okay. He ain't no slouch. He can play like he a all star caliber guy. If he can stay healthy, like, but if you, they they treated La Desmond Bain like he's an all star with four, five picks unprotected. Normally people have you like, okay they got some protection.


Okay top five protected. They like nah, nah, ain't nothing protected. We all out everything out. Right. Ever Pig swap. That kind of remind, that kind of reminds you of the Clipper deal during the pit bill when they gave to get shake. Mm, yeah, I I yeah, I was there for that one. Yeah, I was there I thought and, and looking back on it, I thought for a minute like, yeah, we won this trade easy. Yeah. So you, you hold on. Were you there, were you, were you there with, were you there with Shay? He was my rookie. Well y'all keep forgetting that. Why you think he a do? Huh? So, so did did you, did you see, okay, obviously he was a, he was a a a lottery pick, but did you think he could turn into this?


I told him the, I told him the third day of training camp, I tapped Luke. I, me and Luke sitting down. I tapped Luke. I Hey Lou, hey, he cold Lou say Yeah, he, he, he, he different. I'm like, nah, nah, nah, nah Lou, he I get up from Lou, you don't hear what I'm gonna say. I go right to say, he say how good do he think he could be, You know he, he from the sixth. So he talk like he talk different than he is like, I mean I think I can be like, like, nah, that's how, nah that heavy ass boy I'm not you, you, you a superstar. You mean like all star? I'm like, no, no, no, no. Superstar like Mike Jordan. Coach Brian hug like, like he seriously so fast forward, You know, I see his mom out shopping and while, You know, while we playing Toronto and she's like, man, thank you for, You know, telling my son that like you gave him that confidence.


Like he, after you said that, he really believed it. People always forget same was my rookie. He same was my rookie. He, yeah, he, next year he went with Chris Ball and Dennis Schroer respectfully, You know, everybody gotta get they groom from somewhere else, but nah, same getting that ball in the playoffs and we was playing Steph Curry. Hey man, get Steph 30. What are you doing when you pass me the ball? Go get step dirty, kill out. Hey, hey look. But, but when you look at it fucking p bev, certain things happening throughout guy's career, they kinda helped take him to that next level. You know what I mean? Him getting traded from the Clippers, you never know how he was thinking. He may was thinking like, man, they ain't think I was good enough. So Yeah, of course, of course.


So now have somebody get rid of you. That's what they're telling you. So, so, so now he in the lab working hard as ever, You know, probably showing proof like, all right, I'm gonna show him. I don't know if he, if he expected himself to, to reach this level, but man, quickly it is been, it, it's been special to watch. It's been special. Nah, what, what Like I'll see him the next year and lay up line or something. He was like, man, that trade. I was like, yeah man, what you think of he like, man, what you mean you don't trade me for him? You know, like talking about Paul George. I'm like, yeah, like, and, and and, and to be a second, third year guy like saying that shows you how much confidence they had. But I, I think it happened, I think it happened later. I think it happened when they got rid of Dennis Schroeder and CP and they put the ball all in.


Yeah, yeah. Right. Because that's when you kind of seen like that 19 point 20 point sky up 30. Yeah. Like when they once, once they like clean house and like made him the primary ball handler, everything and build around him. Everything. Yeah. Everything changed since then. So I think that was a, that was a, that was, you got to again, Sam Prety, that's a, that's a, that's another one of Sam. And, and look and I think we both get why the Clippers had to do this. You get in Kauai, Kauai is basically saying, well if y'all don't do this, I'm gonna go with the Lakers. Do y'all really want me LeBron and ad? And then y'all, y'all gotta cut Pat be that wouldn't have worked out well for y'all man. I know, but we only in our mind, you, you gotta think we just took the year before, we just took Golden State six games with Kevin Sprint.


Right. So in our mind, our mind we thinking like, man, we just need one more person. We cool. Right? So they was, they were shopping. KD might come, You know, there was a, a thoughts that Kauai might come. We didn't think Kawhi and Paul George, You know, You know. So for us we looking like, oh man, we got a real chance to win a championship. And that's when You know, You know things, You know the bubble happened and the three one happened and injuries happened and next thing You know, You know Shaa Shay's the MVP and he's in a championship game. Up, up three, two, right now The volume


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is Jenny Garth from idu Part two. Can't afford Ozempic Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing Weight this week. Future health Weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


We finally switched to T-Mobile because with them we can be connected here and there. Dad, The cousins of Mexico have a surprise for you And enjoy the gift of staying Connected. Switch and start saving today. Get four Samsung Galaxy S 25 phones with Galaxy AI on us, and four lines for just 25 bucks per line. Plus nonstop talk texts and data between us and Mexico. Visit us store T-Mobile dot com or call one 800 T-Mobile one 800 T-Mobile. See details at T-Mobile dot com.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through July 15th, stock up on all your favorite personal care brands and earn four times points to use on later purchases. For discounts on groceries or gas Shop in store or online for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Total Body deodorant, Tampa's Pearl. Venus Razors Head and Shoulders shampoo, Olay Body Wash and Pantene Conditioner and earn four times points. Hurry before these deals are gone. Offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This is an iHeart podcast.