
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Man.


If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months, I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go, and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing, even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and competence to live life on my terms. Better man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years ready to take back control. Go to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Individual results may vary


The Volume according to the Celtics. Jason Tatum underwent successful surgery to repair his or ruptured Achilles tendon. No timetable is currently available for his return, but he's expected to make a full recovery. So he gonna probably be non-weightbearing for what, two months? Hmm. Probably have that little scooter. Little Yeah, Because the last thing you wanna do Ocho, is re-tear it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Well, you don't want no pressure on that, huh?


No. When you, when you want to elevate it and when you gotta move around, See what the time, what's average, I think six to eight weeks is non-weight bearing. And You know, I saw, I saw an article today where they're saying guys that have had that injury and the timetable that took, like Kevin Garett is probably the most famous person to have that he was offered two years. Basically he had it at 30 and then he came back at 32. And Kevin Durant didn't miss a beat. Dominique had it late in his career. If I'm not mistaken. I think Jason Tatum might be the youngest player that's had it. Right. Alfonso Ellis had it. There have been several guys that have, And then every, every, everybody body heals differently too.


Yes. Even even though he's, he's much younger than the the Other, he, yeah, he, as far as I, like I said, I, I meant the screen. I meant to take a, like a, a a 'cause I was reading on the, I think I was on ESPN or somebody maybe Google. I was goog it and I was Googling it. I could do that. I may, maybe I should have, maybe should, maybe I should have screenshotted and said the, as you like, put this on the board. But it but it maybe it was, I Don't think he's playing next year.


Nah, you don't think so? Yeah, that's, well, I mean, Achilles or a CL is completely different. And he's tearing I see, I see, I see you the start of 26. Yeah. He's, he's, he's, No, I, when I say start at 26, not so he's not gonna play like the basketball season starting in October. Goals in the 26th, now 26 leading to 27th. That's, that's what I'm coming back. Yeah. I'm gonna make sure that thing, I'm gonna make sure that thing, because Kevin Durant look like he ain't miss a beat. Because remember Kevin Durant, he missed a bubble. Right? And then he came back the following year season. Yeah. The question is Ocho given that, are they gonna break it up the Celtics?


Because you got, you got JB on the max contract, you got Derrick White, you got holiday, and you got Al Horford. I mean, speaking of breaking up, do they have the patience to wait until he comes back to see if they can make another run? They just, they just sold the team for 6.1 billion. Yeah. Now do the new ownership have the patience with understanding everything is probably lopsided. You're probably not making any money right now anyway. And just think, ocho just think about this now, just imagine if you paid 3 million for a car, but it's gonna cost you 400,000 a year to upkeep it.


Because That's what, that's what happened. You paid 6 billion for the team, but you still gotta pay 300 million to Jason jb 300 million to jt. You got 130 million. 140 million. A hundred. Well, also, You know, you also gotta understand That If you can pay 6 billion or whatever, it may have been 14 and you had to pay Jason Tatu 300, you gotta pay Jalen Brown 300. You already got fuck you money anyway. But You know what people, they got money they like to spend money on, like what they wanna spend money on. Yeah. They like to buy a yacht or they'll buy a private plane. They going to save or wherever they can save and where they normally save employees.


Yeah. That's, that's what they save. Mo joke, we hold on. I'm trying to think, George, where we, we saw that the print, that joke had a custom 7 47. That jumbo jet. Remember we out, Oh, the Saudi, the Saudi prince, Huh? No, we on the rope. We Which One? La It was the LA X. It was the lax. You of 'em got 1 7 47. Yeah. I, That's the biggest, that's the biggest. That that's what the, the president Air Force one is a 7 47 hold somewhere between 480 and 650 people.


Listen, they got, can you imagine how big that is? Yeah. And it's d different kind of money over there, huh? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't want to Different kind of. Yeah, we took, yeah, we took, yeah, we, oh yeah, that was in la what bur Yeah. Yeah. I was like, van, I, yeah. Yeah. I just tell you man, he was having, he was having a, a, a unbelievable. He was about to be named to his fir fourth consecutive NBA all first team. NBA first team. All NBA. Yes. He was having a night last night, just like that Luke.


Damn Luke, when he went down, you're like, did he? And then I saw him spin around and he grabbed that. Yeah. Grabbed the angle. I, I, I knew what it was. Yeah. I just, I, I, I was, I was hopeful for the best, but yeah, Because he had heard ocho Wait, say, Hey man, it sound like you got feel like you got kicked. Yeah. Like, man, who kicked me? Who tripped me? Ah. Just thinking about, man. So if you're the Celtics, because next year he's our player next year. Yeah. Do you break it up?


That's a, that's a, that's a great question. Who, who's the, who's the, who's the head of the snake now? Jb. Jb. Yeah, but Jason, I, I think Jason Tatum is the guy that's the, the Boston not getting up off of question is, would you trade JB and some draft picks you see For who? Yeah, that's it. That's it. I don't know what I Yeah, you trade, you trade.


JB I'm trying to think who could you, you think the Celtics be interested in? Kevin Garnett. I mean Kevin Durant. I mean, damn. That's a good one. Okay. What do you think? I think some, some, some people will say, hell no. Maybe based on age Butte 20, 20, 25, 28 at night. I mean, hell, why not? They might say no though. It'll be interesting to see what they do.


I think maybe a conversation that they wasn't gonna have had, the Boston Celtics did what we thought they could capable of doing, which was repeating, I think. I think it's a no questions that you try to try to let 'em repeat. But all bests off the table. Not ocho all bests off the table. Yeah, they, whatever they underachieved. I'm not so sure. Even if Jason Tatum had stayed healthy, they were gonna beat the Knicks because that would mean they were gonna have, have to beat the Knicks three times In a row. Yep. We'll never know ocha we'll never know. Stay tuned. Trey Hendrickson met with the media today for 22 minutes. He said he will not play this season on the current contract. His arrival today at voluntary OTAs as a result of things becoming personal after being informed by Zach Taylor on Monday, he will be fine for missing mandatory mini camp.


Let's take a listen to what Trey told Marsha Kamsky of WCPO at this point. Do you wanna be a Cincinnati Bengal? Wow, that's a tough question too, because you try not to let the business become personal. I think over the last week or so, it's become personal, unfortunately. You know, and when there's a lack of communication in any relationship, if it's business or a personal relationship, lack of communication leads to animosity. And that leaves my narrative only to me with no clear direction. I'm a Floridian. So there is unprovoked shark attacks and there's provoked shark attacks.


I see the last two, the last two seasons with Trey Hendrickson off the field, 294 drop backs. They were dead lasting success. Dead lasting completion rate. Dead lasts in pass rating, dead lasting pressure rate. Bengals ranked dead last in every statistical category passing wise, when Trey Hendricks is off the field in 909 drop backs when he's on the field, eight in success rate, 11th in completion rate, eighth and pass rating, and 12th and pressure rate. Let's just say he's a very important Yeah. Very, very important for that defense. But, You know, one thing I do hate, boy, is the, the business side of things, especially like this, they paid Joe, you paid t Higgins, you paid Jamar Chase.


I'm not sure if there's enough money to, to go around to give him, well, Let him go. Wait, let me, let me to give him what he's worth to give him what he's worth. So Let somebody else do it. Yeah. If, if they, if they were gonna let him go, I would've thought it been done. Excuse me. I thought it would've been done maybe before the draft or maybe during the draft. I'm, I'm not sure what the issue is going on with there. I hope they rectify the situation and and they Ain't rectifying it. Come to what You been in the organization for a decade, You know, they ain't rectifying it. Hey. Well, I, I know, but listen, listen times you Trying so hard. You trying so hard to be politically Listens. I'm just saying. I I'm, see both sides happy. You know, let Trey get his, get his money, get what he deserved.


If you don't want to pay him, You know what he deserves. Let him go. Yeah. Let, let him go. You know, that's all. No disrespect. No. And he says, You know, you try to keep, and that's why me, I hired a major 'cause I don't want, because y'all gonna tell me something that I don't want to hear and I'm gonna be pissed. Hey, hey, listen, one thing about, it's a good thing you do have agents and there's certain things that agents keep from you because if you was in those, in those rooms with your agents, but it's time to negotiate. Yeah. Man. This is how you really feel about me. Yeah. Oh, that's how you, okay, bet. Well, you'll Be pissed off. You would pissed off. Yep. But I, I agree with you.


I think there might be a situation where Trey Henderson hold out for half the season and then come in to get accredited for that year and bounce. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We Might, because I don't know, I don't know. I don't know the cap situation. They still got it. Sign their rookies and You know, like you said, you gave Joe money a year ago. You just gave t you just gave Chase his paper and the linebacker, remember the linebacker say he want more bread? Yeah. Yeah. Jermaine, Jermaine, Pratt. Pratt. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We ain't get no bread. We, We in shambles right now on the defensive side of the ball, man. And that's where y'all need the most help at.


Yeah, because I, the, the question is, do you believe you'd have to say you believe Chase is gonna have another triple crown year, or Joe is going to lead the league with 43 40 plus touchdowns Again, Higgs gonna have the type of year. Yeah. He's gonna, Joe could In order for you to get back. Now what if your defense, what I Trey Hendrickson y'all pass rush is, Yeah. I Mean, and I know y'all took a d lineman, but it's hard for me to see a scenario. He gonna give you 17 and a half sacks, like what you call him did. Right. I hope he does for y'all sake. Y'all gonna need it because you saw as well as your offense played last year, you lost some games.


41, 38, you lost some games. 38, 35. Yeah. It was tough. It was tough. Especially in the beginning of the season. Yeah, we, that offense, offense got up to a slow start. We always start and we get ourselves in the hole at the beginning of the season. If we could just start fast, we wouldn't have to rely on teams at the end of the season and hoping they win certain games or lose certain games so we can get into playoffs. Exactly.


Damn outta your business Men. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months, I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go. And I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing, even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and confidence to live life on my terms. Better man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years ready to take back control. Go to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA, this product is intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Individual results may vary.


Ocho, somebody leaked the week one schedule the season opens up the Cowboys at the Eagles. Okay, I like that. I know Fox ain't happy about this because normally you don't normally put a game that going do box office regardless, which is the Cowboys are gonna do. Right. And then you got a, a Friday set. I'm trying to figure out how they get this game in September, considering is that when they passed this regulation that the NFL was not gonna play any Friday game as long as the college season was in pulled swing. NF nfl Say F y'all. We play, we play college, we play NFL Football. And then you got the Cleveland at the Jets.


Saints at Tennessee. Broncos at the Texans, the Bucks at Carolina. The Dolphins at the Steelers. The Niners are at Indy. The Vikings are at the Lions. The Falcons are at the Patriots. The Giants are at the Raiders. Jags are at Cardinals. The Bears are at Washington. Seattle at the Rams. And then the, your bills Sunday night against at Buffalo. And then the Monday night game, the the Ravens are at Green Bay. Oh, that's a good game. Hold up. Who? The who? The Bills play week one.


They play y'all at home. Oh. Sunday night. You know, You know who You know who gonna win that. You know who gonna win that Man. Josh Allen goes start his, he is a back, back. MVP campaigns on y'all. Come again. Press play Back to back MVP seasons. You don't want to, you don't wanna How y'all, how y'all gonna get, how y'all gonna get, how y'all gonna sack him? Well, how we, how how y'all gonna stop? How y'all gonna stop? Jamari and t All they gotta do is stop y'all one time. We know y'all can't stop anybody. Don't worry. Hey, You know, we might surprise you defensively now. Okay? I hope so. Listen, we might Surprise you. Y'all surprised me last year with how bad y'all were.


I dunno. So Bishop surpris me, surprise me with how good you guys are gonna to beat. I can't, I can't wait the football season, man. I'm so what Game are you most excited to see? I mean, is it, is it the Cowboys Eagles? No. Can I 49 Chief's Charger? No. Bengals, Bengals, Buffalo or the Ravens Green Bay? Honestly, to be honest, I got three games I really wanna see. I wanna see the Cowboys Eagles. Yep. Bengals and the Bills. Yep. And, and you might not, you might laugh at me, but I wanna see Travis Hunter burst to the Cardinals. Okay. I can say yeah, I can get that. I can get down With that. I wanna, I wanna see how they gonna use Travis week one in general is just to see, to get a test and get a feel where he's at.


That's what I wanna see. Okay. Yeah, I mean, everybody else, I mean, it's, it's, it's cool games, but You know those, those three, that's, that's where, that's where it's at for me. Okay. I can rock with that. Fox got the late game, late window. They got some 4 25, they got the Bears. Washington Seattle Rams. Ah, Man. That Giants, giants Raiders. Who What? Snooze fest. Y don't like it. I I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna like it. I'm gonna learn to love it. Don't, Joe. I'm gonna learn to love it.


Listen now. But you, but every year, every year we, we say the teams that we think might not be any good, somebody a couple of teams pops their head up and become very good. Yeah. So Joe Buck and Troy Eggman made their Super Bowl picks on Good Morning America. This morning Buck. I'm going to say Buffalo. Finally win it. Eggman cowboys. Troy can't let go. Huh? Now Troy's normally really objective about the Cowboys. Now I will give him that. He's, he's he's had a very harsh critique. Yeah. When, when, when it's been warranted. So he's not a Homer.


Okay. Okay. Yeah. Who you, who you got? No. Who you got pick This year? I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm putting all the money I got on everybody, but the cowboys A, B, C, EBC brother, everybody but cowboys. Well I think, look, I need to see some preseason games. Yeah. It is hard to just put pick blind because man, I'm just trying to pick blind. They old show, You know, the preseasons key player Get nicked now. Now don't play now ain't even play the preseason man. You right. They might not. Yeah. They don't even play in pre I need, see, I need to see a game. The odds ain't gonna change that much after a game.


Right. I might, if I ever had it, I might put 5,200 down on somebody. Huh? I might put 5,200 down. Shoot, you'll be able to do that mother season gonna start till September. Oh, well, and by, by September that thing, that 5,200 is already like 5,900 by September that thing might be seven. Hey boy, I might have to put a tariff on that tax you talking about. They suspended the tariffs. They suspended them. Travis Kelsey told reporters that he's lost around 25 pounds this off season to be in better shape for what is believed to be his final season.


Will Kelsey be able to turn back the clock this season? Ocho Yeah, absolutely. I mean, you, you definitely can obviously by losing weight, late losing weight is one of those ways to get, get your, get your, your quickness back. Get you Yep. Get you more flee footed, You know, getting some of that heavyweight up on you so you could be a little bit more smoother and do some of the things you used to do when you were, when you was not younger, but just a little bit a li a little bit lighter. Yeah. I like, I I I think, I definitely think it's gonna help. I think having Rashe Rice to help lift some coverage up off him. We saw Xavier worthy blossom. I think that's gonna only be better. But they need to be able to run the ball a little better too. Oh Joe, Hey, you don't like Pacheco?


No, He's been hurt. Yeah, but they gotta run the ball. They gotta run the ball better. They gotta protect Mahomes better. I mean, they gotta do a lot of things better defensively. I think they gonna be good. I think Spas will have him back good again defensively. But I, I like the fact that Kelsey, You know, I try to lose like a pound a year as I got older, went into my final season like at 2 26. Right. Finish the season at 2 23. Yeah. I just, as you get older, you just can't move that. You can't move that weight like you once could. Yeah. Can't, I couldn't.


Maybe some people can, but I couldn't, You know, I think he'll be fine too because it is not like he's in there blocking. He's not a blocking Type. Yeah. Yeah. That's not, that's not. But he still, he needs to be able to have that wiggle. He needs to be able to, You know, shake. But I think with Worthy being, worthy, having that rookie year that he had, he had an outstanding Super Bowl even though it was in a losing effort. Yeah. He became the number one receiver to get Rashid Rice back. They resound Hollywood Brown. So I think it's he'll, hopefully he can stay healthy. Oh man. Course You know, because he missed half the season OCHO with that shoulder injury. Yeah. So hopefully he stays healthy. That'll be something that can lift, You know, He got a nice little core.


Yeah, I think, I think Kelsey got a, got another good year in him. MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred removed, Pete Rose, shoeless, Joe Jackson, the other deceased players from the MLB permanently and eligible list. Manford rule, major League Baseball punishment banned individuals end upon their death. They are now presumably eligible for the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown. I mean, yeah. I ain't, I'm not even here to smell my flowers. If you do put me in there, man. I mean, what the hell? Yeah. No disrespect. You know, I, I think, I think look, this is the greatest deterrent you can have. Yeah.


I know Pete Rose, I'm old enough to remember when Pete Rose played. Yeah. Remember he left the big red machine, that great team with Tom Seaver and Morgan and co conception and, and and, and and Johnny Bench, one of the great catchers and went to the Phillies and they won it, read it by Shoeless Joe Jackson 3 56 Baton average. Allegedly he took 5,000, $5,000 from a gambler to throw the game. But he still hit 3 75 in the World Series. So I guess they expect him hit to three hit 500 because 3 75 of the World Series is pretty damn good.


Yeah. But yeah. What do you think Ocho, somebody got all, it's hard for a guy to have all those damn hits and he's not in the pro, he's not in the baseball Hall of Fame. I understand. I I understand now all also, I just, Pete Rose has passed on. Yeah, he's passed on. If at any point he was gonna have an opportunity to get into the Hall of Fame, I mean, I would love for it to be a done where he could have been here to smell he could Enjoy. Yeah. He could, he could enjoy, You know, put putting him in. So I guess Barry gonna be eligible for the Hall of Fame when he, when when he, when he dead.


I, I don't understand. You gotta got seven MVPs Universal of one of, I mean, most modern players say he's the greatest player that they've ever seen. You go back and look at Chipper Jones, Tom Blavin, John Smokes. Yeah. Greg Maddox. A lot of the current players, I mean players that played say he's the greatest player they've ever seen. And you hear paper tell stories and it is true. 'cause I watched it. He got one pitch here tonight and he hit it hard somewhere. Yeah. He hit it hard somewhere. And he never tested positive. It wasn't an issue when everybody was hooping and hollering and the stadium were jam packed.


So. Yeah. That's crazy. But it's hard. I mean, to watch what he did is, is, is amazing. I don't think we'll ever, it's kind of like if you saw Tiger, you're never gonna see it again. If you saw Barry, you're never gonna see what he did again. And sho Hay is unbelievable. I'm not taking anything away from Shohet. 'cause Dave Roberts who played with Barry said Sho Hay is the closest thing to Barry. But you look at Barry's OPS and you look at his slugger percentage Yeah. And walk. They will at least pitch the show hate. They, they walk Barry with the bases loaded.


Now you go on here, say third base, you going, you going home because I've been riding and I throw coach play. He gonna be a grand slam. I give up one Man. Listen Barry, Barry Barry's hand eye coordination man being able to find, being able to find that ball with that Batman was second to none. It's was second, second to none Ocho the Green Bay package guard, Sean Ryan came within two snaps shy of capping off his third NFL season with a $2 million bonus. ESPN reported that Ryan was two snaps away from playing 35% of the package play offensive snaps between 2022 and 2024.


That mark as spec as specified in the CBA, which would've earned him an additional bonus of $2,042,429. It was previously believed Ryan had hit the mark. Unofficial stats provided by pro football indicated that Ryan was 65 Snap short of reaching the bonus heading into the last game of the season. Ryan played exactly 65 snaps and a loss to the bears. His agent said we had him at 35% of the snaps. Exactly. However, the NFL and the N-F-L-P-A both had him just under so per packer. They're not giving him the escalator. And we're pretty disappointed about it for sure. Damn. One thing about that one, one thing about it, boy they do not play when it comes to that money.


Boy. Oh no, no, No, no, no, no, no. They, They, they, they stand you boy. And I've heard, I've heard you. Hey, I was five yards short and they ain't gimme my a hundred thousand. Hey, they, they will play with you like five. They, they will play with you like that. Yeah. That's crazy. And obviously, I mean the NFL pay, the N-F-L-P-A has to do something about that. They, they gotta do something about that because if, if, if he's played 65 snaps in the last game, I mean he should be able to get that, that escalator or that incentive. There should be no reason, no reason why I Guess they miscounted. Well, I go back and watch every film and every snap, every last one. I need that. That's why you have to be like, see when you got stuff like that, you don't really know about OCHO and you coming out a Hey, hey Ryan, such and such is up.


Nah, hell he ain't, you must be gonna play left guard. 'cause I'm the right guard. Right. I'm playing all the way to the end. I'm taking victory formation. Hey, knee down. That's a snap Ocho. Hey, I called Time, Hey, time out. I need to get this meal down. Hey, hell Nah. Yeah. They gimme about a hundred thousand for five for five yards. So you Right OCHO Hey, they don't, they don't play. I've heard many horror stories, man, coaches, head coaches, people calling from up upstairs, You know, pull so and so out because if they hit a certain amount of yards, if they get a catch or if they, they they get this amount of plays this game, we have to pay an incentive.


And You know, the team really don't want to pay it. That's why I told You. And they, they will show you, they will show you how dirty and griman the business is by pulling you out. So you can't get those incentives. I stopped putting incentives in my contract, like, oh yeah. Yeah. Because I, if you pay me x amount of dollars, I'm supposed to lead the team in receiving. I'm supposed to go to the Pro Bowl. I'm supposed to be all pro. Yeah. So I don't want you joing with that. So don't worry about it. Go ahead and gimme my money up front and then I'll do the rest from here. Right. Arnold, Joe, we gonna get outta here on this one. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Q and a SG said it is hard being a Nuggets fan.


What do they, what do the Nuggets need to do to give Joker more help? He got what he got now. Hey, He might you have less help when he signed that three year, $221 million contract. Do you think he'll sign it? Hell yeah. Hold on. I mean, you think he will sign it? Yeah. Why don't just pull a move Like, like Ja, like Jalen Brunson did what Take So he can build around you Because he not young like Jalen Brunson. Okay, okay. Okay. Triplex caps sanity. We can't say Lakers in five now we have to say Pacers in five.


The ball is shot call in 1999. Hey Unc, you remember yous draft. If you do, which of the obvious it was Rick, this draft of that draft. That was the first year of the lottery. Prior to that, You know, teams tank. The Rockets got the, got the number one pick two years in a row. They got RAF Samson in 83 and they turned around and got a a, a alon one in 84. And then to put, they installed the lottery. James Worthy was the first pick in the draft in 82. Now mind mind you think about this, James Worthy was the first pick in the draft in 82. The Lakers won the championship and then they get James worthy. Mm.


81 was Mark McGuire, 79 was, was Magic. I don't know who the hell 78 was. 78 Michael Thompson. I think 78 was Michael Thompson. Who the first pick you have at 80 80 was Joe Badal. Who's Joe Badal? I thought so my, oh, Joe, I just, I I I should do that. I, You know, listen, I I don't even wanna do that. O Charles, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I wasn't, I I wasn't there back in them days. I was, I was, I was chilling. I was on the par Cooper Flagg is the perfect situation.


He's coming in as the third option when Kyrie comes back and Jason Kitch can develop players. Yeah. I mean people, people definitely believe this draft was rigged. They give up Luca and they turn around and get Cooper flag. Oh, so how, how convenient. Yes. Now they say, You know what, we're gonna replace what you lost. Yeah. Cooper flag. It is trash talk. Tito, what's your question? Is it harder to be a two sports Pro app athlete or win back to back titles? I think they've been more back to back titles than two sports. I can only think of Bo and, and Dion.


Dion. Well, I'm a, I'm a two sport athlete. What bull jiving than what the other sports you play? Ah, You know, I mean I obviously I'm I'm a NFL player. Okay. But did you do that simultaneous while you were playing in the NFL? Yeah, I was. I was a, I I was a professional ping pong player as well in the whole season. No, it gotta be end the season. Oh nah. You gotta leave one at, at at, so are you on the, are you on the tur were you on the circuit? Almost?


I missed it. I missed it three times. Yeah. I mean, I can only look Brian Jordan did too. Brian Jordan was a safety, he was also played safety and he ended up going to the Cardinals. He gave up the football to play baseball full time. Bo and Dion. Those are the only ones I can think about it now. I know other players that were drafted. Right? I think Dave Winfield was drafted in three sports, baseball, football, and basketball. 20 go in with drafted in two sports, basketball and baseball. But they'll actually physically do it. Yeah. And, and, and many people have said baseball is the hardest sport to play. Hey, who was, Hey, who was the receiver from Notre Dame? Huh? He was a receiver from Notre Dame, but he went to baseball instead.


He was the pitcher. You remember him? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I forgot, I forgot his last name. Yeah, he went to The, he went to the, he went to the, the Cubs. He still, he still playing? Nah, he might be done not a long time ago. Ojo. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I Know, I can't think of the guy's name. Ocho. I, I don't know why. I just thought of that when I, when you talked S smart Jeff. So, so, so smart. Marja. Yeah. He was a nice little, he was smooth little smooth receiver man. Yeah. We ain't spelling that one, Sam. Yeah. I mean, hey, he had a nine seven mile an hour fastball. He's like, You know what, I could be a possession receiver and make minimum, or I go get this big payday from the major leagues.


Oh yeah. But he, he played what? He played like seven, eight years in the major. He got called up make good little chunk of change. Oh yeah. So he had to play, he played like seven, eight years then with a record like that. Because ain't nobody really pitching no 30 games no more. Like back in the day. Really Damn Well He played 13 seasons. Oh eight to 2020. Woo. All cardio, no skill. Hang onnot, your huge fan question. Would you rather have a long, consistent career or a short, legendary run? How short the legendary run. If I'm gonna have a career like a, like Gale sales or Sterling Sharp td.


I mean, I mean how, But hold on, let's see. Lin Sanity, wouldn't that be a legendary run? No. Okay. That one year. That's it. Yeah. That one year. Boy he was on fire Boy. Yeah. He was sensational. He was on fire Alone. Consistent. That's a good question.


Men, if you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months, I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go. And I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing. Even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and competence to live life on my terms. Better Man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years ready to take back control. Go to Bebe now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA. This product is intended to diagnose, cure, or prevent any disease. Ect individual results may vary.


I am gonna take the consistent, I'm gonna take the consistency. Yeah, because that bread come with that, huh? Yeah, most definitely. Most. Yeah. I think I'm gonna go, I think I'm, I think I have a long, consistent career. I take the consistency bitch again. Uncle Ocho love this show. If you could bring back one retired player for one season, who is it? What's the sport? Baseball. Barry Bonds basketball. I bring back Jordan football. I bring back my brother.


He healthy. Hmm? I'm selfish. Who you bringing back? Baseball. Oh my goodness. Baseball. Gimme, gimme. I'm more entertainment. Manny being Manny. Manny Ramirez. Yeah. Gimme some entertainment. Want be gonna go football? Matter of fact, we bring up, I'm bringing, bringing to back. Okay. TT yeah. He still wanna play. So everyone wanna bring to back so he can, he can live that out One more time. He does. Who else? Who else?


What other sport we got? You got baseball, you have Matt, you have a basketball. Who you bringing back? I'm, I want my beloved. Kobe. Kobe. I want my beloved Kobe back man. Lemme see. What else we got? Hockey. Gretzky. Gretzky. Yeah. Gre. Yeah. Gre. Gretzky's a good one. Tennis. Tennis. I want Serena to come back. Hey. And be and beat Margaret Court's record. That's a good one. Yeah, a good one. Feder. I I love fed the Swiss maestro, but Serena. Serena, I like that.


I like it. I like it. Ok. Show heard who that said question. Would you rather win five? Would you rather win one ring as a star or five as a role player? Five. Five. Okay. Am I the, am I the sixth or seventh man or I'm 11 to 12? Because if I'm Robert Orry, I'm taking Robert Orry. Right. What happened to you? Just happen to be on the team. Nah, hell nah. It's a lot, it's a lot of, You know, just sometimes people are fortunate just to be in the right, right place at the right time.


True, True. Bam. He could have made it more compelling. He could have said two, right? Or three. That man said one smacks at halftime fucking on choke. If you had to start bench cut, cam knew Lamar Jackson, Michael Vick. Come on man. I'm starting Lamar. Oh damn. Hey man. Come on. Who? Man, who came up with that question? I'm starting Lamar. Damn. Yeah, I'm I'm gonna pass on that one.


You gotta ask Ocho. No I don't. Yeah you do. I'm Starting all of them. You can't, you can't start, you, you can't start three quarterbacks. Hey, hey. See if using basketball, you have a good chance. You say, You know what? I'm gonna start three point guard. You can't start three quarterbacks. Damn. Hey, why did he should have did fuck Mary Kill instead of the three quarterback one? That's the, that's the original. I don't, I don't, I gotta stay. I I look, I I I mean we gotta do this. I think I was, I will start Lamar, I would bench Mike. Damn Cam, I'm sorry.


And I know Cam is the only one that went to the Super Bowl. Mike did. But like I said, I gotta bench Mike. 'cause the Michael B experience he got, I can't get rid of it. I can't, Can't. And they jacked. Damn. I wish a, a part of me wish when, when Lamar was a a, a free agent and they franchised him. Yeah. Atlanta would've got him. Can you imagine Lamar in Atlanta on that turf? Man, listen, I'm still trying to figure out who was the idiot that said no. What did the owner say? Was it the owner that said something crazy? Arthur Blank. Mr. Blank. Yeah. I I, somebody said something crazy about him, about him being in Atlanta.


I, I forgot what it was, man. Butch. But yeah, I know all of that. But who you starting and who you benching? Who you cutting Nick? Matter of fact, You know what, I'm going, I'm going my old, I'm going to, I'm going my old heads, I'm going old heads Since, since since Cam has been to Super Bowl, I'm starting Cam. Damn. Yeah. Hey, I know, but I'm gonna put Mike on the bench and I'm holding this Babe, this bar. No, listen, listen, Listen to me. I'm, I'm putting la I'm cutting Lamar. 'cause Lamar's still playing right now. And this is just a hypothetical. So boom, there it is. I'm, I'm keeping, I'm, I'm, I'm sticking with me. What? With the boys from my era. All right.


Good job. Ojo six foot Aquarius said it. 86 Celtics win the title. Then they draft Len Bias a big F. Yep. Because Lenny was unbelievable. Hey, in, in comparison to players in today's game, who would Len Bias be like, Oh my God, he was six foot eight. He could handle the ball. He could shoot it. He could. Oh my God. He played above the rim. Oh, he was a jumper too. Hell yeah. I'm trying to think who he remind you of.


He was a bigger ant man. What? He played like that. He was special. He was special. Damn. Yeah. We, we, we got, we got we got Rob of of greatness. Yeah, we Yeah, you did. You did. Because think about it. He's gonna take some of that lifting off of Larry. So you had him Larry ml parish DJ Lenny was special.


Josh Daniels said, how should a regular fan approach y'all in public for pictures, et cetera. Hey man, how you doing? What's going on, man? Man, I love your show, man. I love you and OCHO together, man. Y'all be doing, Hey man, can I grab this picture? Hey, this, this is the way. Don't do it. Hey man, I gotta get this picture. No. Hey, you like the show. You watch Uncle Ocho, you love Nightcap. Occasionally you catch a, Hey, I love I lo Hey Club Shay. Shay, man, can I kick picture with Hey. Oh, can I get a picture? Come on, bro. Listen, I don't care how you approach me.


I don't give a, You know what? Oh, cupcake Mama. Been a while. Good evening guys. My nephew, Kayden Turner, a senior at Summerville High, signed with Flagler Flagler College today for Track and Field. Please give him a shout out and some encouraging words. Kayden, congratulations bro. Going to college track scholarship work hard, bro. Congratulations. You've earned this. And guess what? Your parents don't have to pay for college and you ain't gotta get a job to pay for college. That's always the best. Do your best, bro. Yeah, do your absolute best. That's all you can ask. That's all you can ask for yourself. Give it your absolute best. Yeah. Congratulations man.


And just remember one thing. No matter how hard you work, no matter what you do, you'll never be able to beat me running. Oh Lord. At Mercy. Oh joke, if I Mercy said, Hey guys, want to ask for a shout out from my wife, Ashley Nunez. She gave birth to my daughter Ariel two months ago. Hey, mom and Babe are doing well. Ash Ashley, yeah. Already gave her that already the slash the Lee off. Ashley, congratulations. Glad new mom, Ariel, you're doing well Bond. Appreciate you watching, man. Appreciate the support. Hopefully you'll get mom and baby watching when they're old, when she, the baby is old enough.


Hopefully you and mom, y'all watch us like UNC and Ocho, but congratulations. I'm glad everybody's healthy. Everybody's doing well. Thank you for the Nightcap crew, UNC and Ocho. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. The Indiana Pacers dispense of the number one seed, Cleveland Cavaliers by the score of one 14 to 1 0 5. And they take the series four games to one OKC moves a step closer. They up now three to 2, 1 12 to 1 0 5 with game six on Thursday in Denver. They try to close it out and then wait for the winner of Golden State, which we'll know tomorrow.


Golden State and the Minnesota Timber Wolves. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bing, a Ring of Fame artery rock runner extraordinaire, the pro bowler all pro. His name is in the stadium at the Bengal Stadium. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. We want to thank Metal World Peace for stopping by giving us a few moments of his time. He was catching a connecting fight flight and he wasn't able to stay any longer with it, but we'll have him back at a later date and time. But thank you Meta for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast.


Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. Thank you guys for counting. Thank you guys for mattering, and thank you for allowing us to matter to you because thanks to you we're able to do what we do. We can't thank you enough. Please make sure you check our Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. The best tasting premium VSOP Cognac on the market. Please drink responsible and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shesha Media, and my clothing company 84 with a link pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last.


Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Eight stop goes as follows, Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami nyc, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now and catch your favorite UNC and ocho. I'm UNC Heath Ocho. We will see you tomorrow night. Thank you guys for joining us. The Volume


okay, have you heard about this last year degree, changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.