
Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first, like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus to tobacco. Consumers


Struggling to get out of bed. It might be time for an upgrade. Lisa makes exceptionally comfortable. Mattresses designed for every body and budget, but what truly sets them apart is their commitment to giving back. Since 2015, they've donated over 41,000 mattresses nationwide. Elevate your sleep and your space with Lisa. Go to lisa.com for 20% off their award-winning mattresses, plus an extra $50 off with promo code iHeart. That's LEES a.com promo code iHeart for an extra $50 off The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Let's talk about the NBA leading Cleveland Cavaliers who won their 14th consecutive game on the road tonight. They beat the Milwaukee Bucks one 12 to 100. The Cav just became the second team to win 14 straight games while scoring at least 110 points in each of those games. The only time that's ever happened, 1986, the Boston Celtics won the title. Max Stru had 17 points to lead a ballot scoring attack. They had their five starters were in double figures, excuse me, they got 38 points from their bench, nine of their 19 may threes from their bench and they pull away late and they defeat the Milwaukee bucks one 12 to 100.


And it just goes to show you just how good this team is because we know Donovan Mitchell can go off. We've seen him score 70, we've seen him half 50. But when you have a team, Evan, Evan Mobley, Jared Allen Darris, Garland Stru, you got Ty Jerome, hunter, Meryl, they really have a really deep team. This is gonna be, look, I still believe it's gonna come down to them at the Boston Celtics. The Boston Celtics. They beat the the Lakers last night. They look really good because you have a guy in Jason Tatum who's gonna be first team all NBA again this year. You have JB Jalen Brown who's gonna be probably second or third team all NBA this year. Al Horford played really good last night. You got guys that can make shots.


Derrick White, you got really good perimeter defenders and Holiday and Derrick White and then you got a bench man, Peyton Prichard is unbelievable off the bench. He should be in the running for six man a year. But tonight was all about the Cavaliers. They moved to a record of 54 and 10. The bucks dropped to 36 and 27. The Cals Ocho. What do you like about the calves? I mean listen, what they can do in their totality as as a team. You just said it, I thought obviously when it's coming into the season, who would be the biggest threat for the Celtics coming off the NBA championship? To me, I thought it would be the Bucks. I thought he was Bucks and Damon and Giannis and that combination of what they had similar to how Luke and LeBron, I mean Luke and LeBron teamed up, but before Luke even got there, I said, You know what the biggest threat for the Celtics would be would be the buck.


But watching the way the Cavs play as a team, You know obviously led by by Garland and Donovan Mitchell, the supporting cast, the bench, everyone is scoring. Look how many, look how many players were in double figures a night. Yeah, when you have a team, all five starters. Yeah, all five starters. When everybody's playing that complete and nobody is off, it makes it that much, much that much more difficult for them to be beat. And I wouldn't be surprised. Hell, a lot of people shouldn't be surprised. I mean most people will call me a casual, You know those that are actual NBA fans won't be surprised if they do unseat the Celtics as NBA champions this year. Yeah, I think it's going, I think it'll be a, a deep series. It's going six or release seven.


I thought the Knicks would be there also because the edition of Carl Anthony Towns, I like that edition better with the Knicks more so than I like, than I like Julius Randall. What's up Timeout? The Knicks uncle. You really put them in that in that running? No, I said I thought coming into the season with the edition of Carl Anthony Towns with Jalen Bruns. Look at what they did last year. They're only a two headed monster though. Huh? We talking about score scorer that's able to act, actually score and put the ball on the floor and just score at will. It's only Jalen Brunson and, and and That's it. But look, look at what they got. They got an Nobie, they got MHA bridges, they got Josh Hart, Mitchell Robinson hurt. You know him going out because now you, You know Kat's playing, spending a lot of time at the five and he probably, he likes playing at the four.


So if you'd had Mitchell, Robinson and Kat right sometimes And you got got Prince Precious Chu, they they got, they got a deep team. They they do. I and I thought considering they was gonna be healthy because you got a guy in Kat that can dominate. Yes. Jalen Brunson, we know he can dominate bridges can give you quality points and mix. He's a, they got great defense. OG can defend Josh Hart can defend Mikhail Bridges. He doesn't miss games he can defend. So they had it all. I thought Cleveland would be there, but I didn't see 54 and 10. Now did I think there would be a top three team? Absolutely. You probably thought Philly would be there also with Joe and B Paul George tore Maxey.


You probably thought those guys would be there. But injuries you may, maybe Miami, but Jimmy Butler, You know, he got nicked and he was unhappy and they moved him. So right now looking at the east, it's a two-headed, it's a two-headed monster. It's the Cavaliers and the Celtics. It looks like the calves are gonna have home court. But Boston have one of the better road records in the NBA. So it's not gonna be easy. Do I believe the Cavaliers can have this kind of balance scoring and win somebody, one of those two guys Garland or or Mitchell is gonna probably need to be 25, 30 and then everybody else chip in. But I don't think, right, because with JB and JT teaming up for last night.


They went for 70 and probably on average they're gonna go for anywhere between 50 and 60 on a give night. Woo. You know, probably need a little bit more from your, your big guns. But the Cavaliers look really good. And when you have a balance team and your bench comes in, they give you 38 points on the road. They give you nine of the 19 threes that you made on the road and they got shoot, they got great outside. Wade was three or three from the three point line. Hunter did not shoot the bell ball particularly well last night, but he's in the running for six man of the year. Todd, Jerome can shoot it. Meryl can shoot it. They're gonna be a tough out Joe. They're gonna be a tough fo. But the Celtics man, they deep, yeah, they come in with that second unit and they a, they pick right up. It's kind of reminds you of like what the calve not Cal, excuse me, what the Warriors used to be.


Remember they bring their second unit in with Livingston and all those guys and if it was like a three, four point lead where the time Clay and Steph and Draymond came back, it was a 10 or 11 point lead point lead. Yeah. Or if they were behind, they came back. The game was tied. So it's, I see a lot of this from the, from the Cavaliers also. I like their bench. I like their depth, their starters are really good. Every mo the defender who's gotten better offensively and You know what Jerry, you're gonna get from Jared Allen. You don't have to run plays for him and he can rebound, he can score the basketball a lot of lives. He's gonna get a lot of his points off the glass rebounding rolling to the rim. But it's gonna be led by that three-headed monster of Garland, Mitchell, and Mobley.


And if they keep playing the way they play, I like them. I think I still believe it's gonna come down to them and the Celtics and the instant conference finals. But hey, You know what? It's gonna be a good matchup. It's Good. That's probably what it's gonna come down to. It ain't probably, that's probably what it's going to come down to. Long as there are no injuries, which I doubt that's gonna happen, but it's not that much time. But it must not that much season left into the regular season. So listen, I'm, I'm, I'm excited. I mean I'm, I'm excited, I'm excited for the Cavs bro. I'm excited for the Cavs, especially what they've been through, especially once LeBron left and, and how how far they've had to come to get to this point where they are now to without, even without King James there, they legit have a shot.


They Legit what, what, what happened? It was a situation where, where Donovan Mitchell wasn't happy and he asked to be traded. That was the only way. Yeah, you gotta get a superstar. Yeah. Hold on. If a superstar leaves you have to replace him. Yeah, but that's, that's not only the an that's not the only answer. Not only do you have to have a superstar, but you have to have that supporting Cav. Hell yes, Batman. And you ain't gonna have no success unless you got your a rob. But here's what happened. Think about it. They, they LeBron leaves and that means you lose and now you're drafting high. You get in a Darius Garland, you get in a Evan Mobley, you getting guys like that. You make a trade for Jared Allen.


Yeah. Now see now. And all of a sudden like, hey man, I kinda like it over there, Donald Mitchell said, and boom. So now you got Garland a draft pick, you got Evan Mobley was a top five pick. You got Jared Allen who can rebound, can defend the paint. You don't have to role play run plays for him and he can get you double double. And you got a bonafide superstar in Donovan Mitchell who's an all NBAA perennial all star. Now you got your team. Now let's build it out right now. Let's get us some depth. We make the trade for Deandre Hunter. We get, You know, we got Ty Jerome, we got you. Move stru into the start of life. They good? Yeah. I mean sometimes you have to have a little luck. Yeah. You have to have a little luck And you get luck And you got draft compensation ocho Yeah.


That you can ship some of the pieces, pieces out because you gave up Colin Sexton who was a high draft pick. You give him up, you gave up other couple of draft picks And you get Donovan Mitchell. I like, I like what you just said, the keyword you just said there. Obviously drafting, right? But also luck as well because you already had high draft picks. You had picks that came in that were high draft pick that you had to let go And you got others. They were able to fill those spots and fill those voids. But the team they have now, they and the players they've acquired all play well collectively. And I think that's the hard thing to do because you look at some of the big, some of the top three, I call 'em the big three. Some of the big three faces that we thought would be in, in the playoffs or playing well all La Paul, George Maxie And be and Maxie and Bead.


Even just those three together. Forget the injuries part. They still don't, they still haven't lived up to what we thought they would be. Well that, that, that's because Joel and Bead, I mean, started the season, banged up, bang, banged all George started the season, banged up and he hasn't been able to find his rhythm. Tyrese Maxey iss playing extremely well. He's averaging 25, 26, 20, maybe even 27 points a game. So he's doing what you thought he would do and what you would hope he would do, it was you missing Joe LMB somewhere between 28 and 32 points. You missing Paul George somewhere between 19 and 22 points. So you factor that in. Now you getting 80 points. Now can we get the bench to give us 35 High, man?


So when in, in a situation like that, I mean probably something we for should foreseen, considering Joel and b limped out of those limped out of the season, He gonna limp in and As soon as the season was over, two months later, he was gonna be Olympic team. The US national men's team didn't take the rest, didn't get what get he didn't get fixed. Probably what he needed to get fixed. Right? So guess what? He limped into the season and guess what he's doing now? Ojo, limping out of the season. Yeah. Can Hey, I, a question be be be honest. Be honest. Even if you had the injury, if you were Joel and B with an opportunity to represent your country at the Olympics, knowing that it comes around every, every four years, four, what would, what would you have done?


My obligations to the 76ers, seven Sixers got five years of $240 million on the table. How much you make? I get it. I, and I get it because the America heats from Cameroon and America has given him everything and more he could have asked for. Yes sir. Now a lot of that has to look, he came here just the land of opportunity. Joel Embiid had a talent. God blessed him, he hit the genetic lottery. He's seven foot tall, he's extremely skilled and boom, he parlayed that. But Ocho Yes sir, Your obligation Philly. Yeah. It, it, it, it made you gave you generational wealth. Not to the United States national men's team. Not the, the the and and the gold medal. Don't get me wrong, you're representing your country, Right?


But bro, you were injured, you lived out of the season. Right? Shut it Down, get healthy, right? And then say, You know what, hey, 28, boom, your boy here. Nah, I, no, absolutely not. I, I, I need, I, for me, oh, the most important thing. That's why a lot of times, man, when I was in a contract year, man, I ain't trying to go to no pro bowl. I ain't trying to get up out there. Ocho Not doing, trying to, Trying to that. Yeah Man, please. Right, right, right. And like I said, I get, look, maybe it was the swan song wanted to get opportunity 'cause LeBron is not gonna be there in 28. Steph probably not gonna be there in 28.


Katie say, Hey look, if I'm still hooping to the level and I'm able, hey, I like to play 20, I like to go for five gold medals. He has the most, he has four. And, but KD says, hey, yeah, I would like to go. I would like to try to, You know, run it back on home soil and maybe Jordan, that was something joy. But for me, I'm always go, I'm always gonna be in a situation where I look at who's paying me. Right? That's where my obligation lies, is that who's paying me.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction. And it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selection, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed At provider's discretion.


So that, that's just me at the end of the day, he did what he wanted to do. He did was in the best interest of them. And I know look, they was looking at France and weby and there was sole And you got Giannis And you got Yolk. So you knew probably you're gonna run in, you're gonna run into those guys And you needed somebody to deal with Yolk. You needed somebody that to be able to, You know, to handle the bigs and for other countries, even though it would I get all that. I I honestly do, I really do. I don't want people to think I, I'm not empathetic and understanding, but a team invested five years at 240 million.


They just gave 'em a three year ex ocho they gave 'em a three year extension. Three extension. Yeah. For $193 million. Yeah, I I I understand. But You know, honestly, if, if you ask, if you ask people especially that would be in his position I is what they would do. If you asked a hundred people, you get a hundred different answers. That that's, that's why I was curious to what you would say and I'm curious to the chat, I mean obviously putting yourself in his shoes and his situation with the opportunity to represent, You know, obviously the USA, it's just everybody's answer would be different. But I understand, You know, where you coming from? You know what I think it is Ocho it's my mentality that I play football and my money isn't guaranteed. See he did that 'cause he knows this money is guaranteed. So it doesn't matter.


It changes everything. Yeah. Hell yeah, It changes everything. It's Kinda like, it's kinda like a salaried worker. They take PTO Well if you're not a salaried worker And you only get paid if you show your black ass up to work, that changes thing. Trust me, I had manual jobs that I only got paid if I showed up to work show. It's a whole different ballgame if you salaried and You know what I'm saying? Hey yeah. When you salary, You know, in a situation where you salary hell I take CTO choice time off. I'm choosing not to come in today, right. Because I'm gonna get my check. Well, when you working manual jobs And you working an hourly job, Right? NBA that's guaranteed money.


MLB that's guaranteed money. NHL that's guaranteed money. NFL that's not guaranteed money. So maybe that's what's clouding my judgment. Ocho. Now don't get me wrong, I think a a a gold medal is is is very important. I mean, hey, representing your country and for maybe an event maybe a week, maybe two weeks we're one it's us against them. Yeah. I don't care if they, if it's a, if it's a European country, I don't care if it's an African country, it doesn't matter. We USA we stars and stripe, we the red, white, and blue and we're against everybody else. Yeah. Okay. But like I said, I think it's my, I think it's by, You know, being in the NFL like man, I ain't finna mess up my buddy.


Right. Right. Mark Cuban breaks his silence on the Luca trade. Let's take a listen to his comments on the Luca trade ojo. And was your son upset about the trade? Yeah. I mean, were you Yeah, of course. Yeah, yeah, of course. And I've said this before, if you're, You know, if the Mavs are gonna trade Luca, that's one thing, just get a better deal, You know? No, no disrespect to Anthony Davis, but You know, get three. If, if I still firmly believe if we had gotten four unprotected number ones and Anthony Davis and Max Christie, this would be a different conversation. Listen, I agree. Get more. Yeah, I, I agree. But what more can you do?


Huh? What more can you do first? There Was, I think it was Ocho nothing To do Ocho. Think about this, the timber wolves gave up four unprotected picks and pick swaps for Rudy Gobert. Would you rather have Rudy Gobert and Luca don? You right. You right in in comparison to that. But I think I like, they feel like they, they just wanted to get, get him going. That's why I don't understand, based on what you get on the court, how was whatever was going on off the court that goddamn that bad, that bad beer, hookah, lazy, the way you interact, antisocial.


What are we talking about here? You paid me to do one thing, be productive. You took me to the, to the NBA championship last year. Western Conference finals last year. What are we talking about? Yeah Man, please. Right, right Baby Say Right. Say what? I know what you call it, but look, do I fake, do I fake? Mark Cubans is never making that trade. Oh, Absolutely not. Mark, mark Cuban is never ever making that trade. He's made it abundantly clear. He had, he had his replacement for dirt. Right? He had dirt. 20 seasons. He was gonna have Luca as long as he could have it.


He wasn't getting rid of it. And that's what happened though though. When you sell your company And you keep the minority shares right where they do things, they don't need your input. Now Would you, would you trade, would you trade Luca baby? Yes. You say, yeah, I gotta get 'em up outta there. Trade Luca, the Lakers, Maverick Spurs and he are expected to pursue Kevin Durant in the off season. Ocho. Where do you wanna see Kevin Durant land? Wait, say those teams again. Lakers Maverick Spurs heat. You know what Katie is on? I I don't wanna say backing of his career because he Did that meet Jordan From the field.


Oh, Joe, I'm not sure. Can you hear me? Yeah, you you you faded in and out. Yeah. Yeah ma'am, It's, I, me personally, His wifi and Dr. Yeah. If you look at it ocho the heat, I don't think, I don't think ke Kevin Ray had a chance to go to the heat many years ago. He didn't go hearing the stories about taking cookies from LeBron hearing stories about how he treated Jimmy, Kevin Durant don't strike me as a guy that, that wanted to be in that situation. So now the Spurs, Nah, I think it's a two horse race.


I think it's the Mavs and the Lakers. And the question is, what does the Mavs have to give up? They got that first round pick. They probably got their own first round pick. I'm trying to think about the other players because obviously you pair Kyrie ad and kd Oh you got something, you got, you got the potential to have something special. You got all three guys that can score. You got ad can protect the back end. You probably need another, probably another perimeter defender because that's the problem that the, the sons have. That's the, that's the problem. The son, the Brooklyn had, they had guys that can score, but who could stop somebody from scoring, right?


Phoenix. They got guys that can score, who can stop somebody from scoring. So you don't like him to the Lakers end. I like it to the Lakers. I just don't know what the, I don't know if the Lakers have Enough assets Enough to satisfy the son, considering what the sons gave up to get him. Right. They gave up their young nucleus to get him. So now they're gonna want those four first round picks, unprotected picks back. Was he, you got I don't know. I don't know. I don't know Jordan.


I just don't, I just, I I don't see the heat because like I said, he had an opportunity to go to the heat Right. Long time ago and he didn't go. And I'm sure the stories that's coming out about Pat, that's what Pat is. You don't understand bro. People, you not, people not finna let you just my and first of all they weren't your damn cookies. But I, I wish, I wish Coach GM take something from me. That's my, that I brought and tell about why Please I'm gone. Right. Don't, first of all, I don't know how they do it at, at, at most people jobs. Right. But You know how we do. But you don't play with nobody. Fool, fool. No, not nobody that look like us.


Never that boy. I don't know where your hands, I don't know where your hands been And you ain't buy a damn thing in that bag. Boy, please. You know, You know what? Take somebody, You know What the kind of black folk, there's three things you don't play with black folk. Family money and their kids money and their food. Actually they food. I mean, I meant to say they fool. Oh yeah. I don't, I don't play about that don't you? No, I don't, don't do, don't do that. Don't do that. Nah man, don't do that. So, but like I said, I, I think it's the Lakers and the Mavericks. But at the end of the day he want, obviously he wants to go to a contender, right? Obviously the Lakers with Luca and LeBron, the contenders. The Mavs, if they get a ad comes back healthy.


Kyrie Kyrie probably not gonna come back to the beginning of the year, right? 26. But we'll see how that goes. Spurs. You got Wendy, you got D Fox, Darren Fox, you got Stefan Castle, you got Vassel, you got Kelvin Johnson. I mean you got nice, nice little core over there. But I don't see Kevin direct, I don't see KD in, I don't see him in in San Antonio Ojo. I don't. So with that being said, Maverick, I like the Mavericks. I like the Lakers. But hey, at the end of the day, sons gotta get the best package they can. They ain't gonna, they ain't finna do no Luca. Yeah, but the Lakers, the Lakers played extremely well too.


They played, they got off to a great start then they had that lu in the second. They had a little loyal in third. They got it close. Brunson had it going. And the thing is what makes him, he got that herky jerky style and he's lefthanded and he's, he's he, he's crafted that James Harden how to make you file him, make it look like you file him even if you didn't file him. Yeah. Because he'll flail his body. But he's tremendous at getting to the basket and he got that heavy, he got the step back and so you gotta honor that 'cause he can shoot the three, he got the mid range. He can put the ball on the floor and get all the way to the rim. Even though he doesn't play above the rim. He can get to the rim and he can get you to foul him. Yeah. So he played really well. Kat struggled today. Kat did not have a good game.


He rebounded the ball but he didn't score well. OG took up a lot of the slack for him. OG NanoVi had a, had a, a really good game, especially shooting the three. Now he missed some late that he wished he had had like could have saved some of those that he made earlier. Right. And saved these for later. But it doesn't really work like that. But I think you really have to be impressed with the Lakers who saw this. Nobody saw this trade. It's the biggest trade in NBA history. No player Luka Don's age have ever been traded. Yeah. That didn't want to be traded. Kareem wanted to leave Shaq left on his own volition. Right. You don't trade 25 year olds five times.


All NBA selections a team that he just led his team to the finals. He was in the fi he was in the Western conference finals just two years prior to that. Those guys don't get moved without them wanting to get moved. Yeah. That would've been the equivalent. You trading a bird, you're trading a magic. You're trading a Michael Jordan because that's what Luca is. And then now he didn't have the championship like the, like a, a bird in Magic had Jordan didn't win till later in his career. Like I think year seven of what he went 91. So he came in 85. So 70 years seven year eight Bird and Magic got started right away. Magic won his rookie year. Bird won his second year. But you're talking about a guy that was a five time all NBA selection, a rookie of the year of finished a couple times in the top three in MVP votes and that guy got moved.


Yeah. That's a story. If Patrick Mahomes or Joe Burrow got moved, you don't think we gonna talk about that O Joe? Absolutely. Lamar Jackson gets moved. You don't think we gonna talk about that O Joe? Absolutely. But now you can get a better understanding and and better context for those that are Dallas fans on why they so upset, on why they're so upset, why they're so pissed off at Nico Harris. Not only that, the trade happens Harris. Yeah. And You know those that you have in place, you, you trade for ad you still got Ky Irv Ky Irvin is still box office. So you're hoping, You know, ad can come in and kind of offset and counter, You know, the trade by being productive and doing some of the things that Luca was doing. Obviously maybe not to that extent because they're completely two different type of players in general.


But he gets hurt. Yes. Now Kyrie goes out. Well hell now everything's really basically down the drain. So now you've done the trade And you see what Lucas's doing. Yeah. How you think he feeling? How you think they feeling over there? It Oh it's terrible. I mean the, it couldn't just, oh, so remember we said we could, it couldn't get any worse. Remember we talked about that the other night? That was before Kyrie. We know the extent of Kyrie. We saw him go out and we like, well damn they make this trade. Everybody's upset. The guy that they trade for him, he's playing great in 27, 28 minutes. He's got 26 and 13. So he's playing unbelievable. He gets hurt. The guy that's supposed to keep them afloat until ad returns, he gets hurt and is more serious than they previously fought.


'cause now he's gone for the season and he might not be back until after the new year in 26. So now you looking at and, and, and the Dallas fans are looking like, hold on, wait a minute. And you traded for a guy last year was really the only year that he's really, I mean LA this year is really the only year that he's been hurt Ojo. Yeah. Y'all make it seem like the man been like been on Zion Williams schedule. He has not been on Zion Williamson's schedule. He hasn't missed 200 games. He hadn't missed 300 games. Yes. He's missed games this year. But I mean, I mean, just imagine Michael Jordan broke his foot in year two and the Bulls like, You know what, we gonna trade you.


That's what the nick that that's, that's exactly what the m fans are saying. What you saying? That's exactly Right. That's exactly what they're thinking. That's crazy though. That's crazy man. I mean just, just, just when you think about it, when you think about it, how, oh, beer and hookah. Oh, we feel you're lazy. Yeah. They call him man. Hookah, dci hookah, Luka. Are you seeing, are you seeing what I'm seeing tonight? Are you saw what I This buzz for you? Yeah, he's a bro, bro. What are we, What are we talking about? He, He can score at all three le Oh Joe, you watched him tonight. He can score at all three levels. He, he, he, the the difficult shots look routine, right?


I mean he is as bad a shot taker maker as we have there. There are very few guys that can take like off ballot shots falling outta bounds off one leg. Off one leg. Yeah. And you like for most, for most players, that's a bad shot. There's no bad shot for Luca. There's no bad shot for Steph because they make those shots look routine. And now he has somebody, right, that he doesn't always have to facilitate because he can hand the ball off to LeBron and LeBron can run the offense and go get his shot. Or if both of those guys get tired, they can pass the ball off to Officer Reeves. He can go facilitate, get everybody else involved, create his own shot. So they have three guys and they're playing really good defense.


They're doing a great job of swarming. They got really good perimeter players and Vanderbilt and, and Dorian Finn Smith. Gabe Vincent is a good on ball defender. He's a little undersized, but he's scrappy. But they got guys and Don connect knocking down shots. He's coming back. He's like, Hey, it is what it is. Yeah. They wanted to move on. I felt some type of way, but now I'm back. Let me go ahead and make the bow and let them know I can be a valuable piece to this train and what we're trying to accomplish. So give JJ Redick a ton of crack. 'cause I know a lot of people, Hey, I was, I was one of those people like, damn, I know you can talk the game, but can you coach it? Yeah. Yeah. And you, I mean you play, I mean, You, you never know what Go ahead coaches either.


Even though you playing the game doesn't mean you can coach it. Even though you can, doesn't mean you can coach it. You know, being able to get the players to obviously resonate with you and buy in is completely different than the latter. And he's done well. Yes. And matter of fact, if they were losing, listen, if Lincoln were losing, if things were shaky, what's the first thing you people were gonna say? Ah, They gonna blame him, Gonna blame him. And I can't What, what's Coach's name from from Yukon that didn't want come? Oh. Oh, How Yukon? Yeah. Was Yukon Mr. Hurt? Yeah, it was Yukon. Yeah. Hurley Hurley. Dan Hurley was an Old Dan Hurley taking a job. He, You know, he, he should, he's given us a shot or, or given us a chance. I don't even think he actually wanted to come. I think he was just using that for leverage just to get him a contract.


I Yukon. But anyway, listen, leg is playing really well, man. I'm, I'm, I'm excited for 'em. They still need a big uncle. They, they, they still need a big if if you wanna be, Man, y'all, if, if If what I, if Jenny bus and, and Mr. Plink are really serious about get being in contention, especially going into the next year, they gotta give 'em a big, it's no different than Jerry getting number two receiver. If you really serious get your number two receiver, man, stop playing. Yeah. And, and Chad, y'all need to stop tripping because if coaching didn't matter, why didn't Shaq, why didn't Shaq and Kobe win before Phil Jackson? Mm. If coaching doesn't matter.


If coaching doesn't matter. What about Steph and Clay and Draymond? Darvin Ham had ad and, and LeBron Frank Vogel won with him. He didn't win no championship. So I'm trying to figure, I mean, coaching don't, doesn't matter. Look, I can understand you might not like somebody and maybe you think Darlingham got a fair trade, but I mean a fair, a raw deal. But if y'all don't think coaching matter, you're high. It absolutely matters. That's why they have coaches. If it didn't matter, they just send the team out there. Hey, if you could save yourself somewhere between five and $20 million if you don't need a coach, man, stop that. Give people, give people the credit that they deserve. Yeah.


JJ Reddit, you might not like him, but give him credit. He's doing an unbelievable job with basically the same team.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction. And it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Unido Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with Future Health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


The number two seeded Lakers without LeBron James lose to the 24, 21 and 42 Nets. LA drops to 40 and 23 are now the third seed in the west. This is especially costly loss considering their upcoming schedule is three back to backs in eight days. They're a half game behind of the Denver Nuggets for two and a half game ahead of Memphis for four l LA is in Milwaukee on Thursday. JJ said there's a low level communication game for the Lakers. He said that being shorthanded isn't an excuse. We just don't take, we just don't. We we just wanted to take shortcuts. Just shortcuts.


You wanna be a good team in the NBA. You wanna win, you have to do the hard stuff. I agree. I mean, jj, I mean when J when J when JJ says you have to do the hard stuff, what exactly is the hard stuff he's speaking of? Because with LeBron being out, Everything, you gotta rebound, you've gotta box out, you gotta get loose balls, you gotta make the extra pass. You can't take a shortcut like, oh, this seems to be easy turning the ball. Careless Turnover. Okay, okay. I I understand, I understand that. But oh, they've been playing well all season long and well obviously when Luca got there, all of a sudden LeBron is out now everything is magnified and they taking shortcuts. Well they weren't just taking shortcuts two nights ago or three nights ago or four nights ago before when they was winning.


Yeah. Look, Luca did not shoot the ball. Well again, eight of 26, 3 of 10, five turnovers. Officer Reeves didn't shoot the ball. Well, three of 14. Alex Lin, he got great cardio in 13 minutes, zero points. He was just saying he would do a, he was just getting his cardio in. So You know, guys, normally after the game that didn't play a lot, they normally get on the bike to get their leg, get some cardio in. Alex Lin got his in. He just happened to play 13 minutes and ain't give you nothing new sta sheet. You know what I mean? So now, now see what you just said right there. You you, you, you rattled off four players, right? That didn't, that didn't play well, didn't shoot well, but JJ said is about cutting corners and hard work.


How about you just, I mean, it it is clear as they were really happy. It's clear as they, but I'm, I'm assuming as a coach you really can't say that you can't be honored. Sometimes Ocho sometimes even when you're not playing well, you can overcome not playing well by playing hard. That's what he's saying. That's that's that's a good one. I like that. I like that. But I don't think without them having LeBron and Luca playing as out of Okay. Not not playing up the par. There's even if you, even if you did play hard and did and didn't take any shortcuts, you wasn't winning that game tonight because it's not enough. It's not enough people that have production. They had, they had a 12 point lead OCHO and What happened to the 12 point leader?


What happened was you kept filing, you kept putting the ass on the free throw line. They shot 30 free throws, you shot 19, you put you on the road And you let a team out, shoot you by 11 you probably gonna lose. I mean they shot the ball. I mean the Lakers were, I mean they shot better from the floor. They shot better from the three, they shot better from the free throw line. It was close rebound. I mean no, they gave up 16 offensive rebounds don't you? As as what as you See. That's the hard stuff box out. You think the ball just go bounce to you? No, this, this was a game that they really needed to win at ocho because think about it.


They got Milwaukee. They still got the nuggets. They got the nuggets twice. Yeah. You say they And you gonna space these teams without the LeBron. Right. So they dropped. You say they dropped third, they they went from second to third in these. They Third, they third they half game back a second. They half gave in front of Memphis for food. Ugh. Yeah. And you gonna be without LeBron. You're basically, so I'm gonna err on the side of caution. They say he is gonna be out a week. I'm gonna keep him at two weeks 'cause I don't want him to reinjure it. We're about five weeks away from the postseason. The last thing I want is LeBron living into the postseason. 'cause I know we got no chance, but you just gotta do all the, you gotta do the small stuff. Right. Especially when you down one of your best players.


Right? I mean, I like I said, I I said this at the time of the signing. I don't know why you signed Alex Lee. Y'all should, y'all should have said, Hey Sacramento, we gonna keep Chip in a couple of dollars 'cause we don't want him to come here. That's messed up out Which, when has anybody said, You know what, Alex Lin might be the missing piece. He might be a good role player. He might be a good backup. I Mean, oh, he in the NBA for a reason Now he in the NBA. Hey look like you say it all the time. He tall Sometimes. Listen sometime that's all it take. Now if we, if we, if we if yes get, if we, if we can get him to play, Play what?


Like, like the Saxophone, the drum to guitar play Like, You know, piano come on now you just out there wasting the roster spot. Yeah, I mean, no D Look like guitar then play like Jane. No disrespect to Young Bull. I'm bro, I'm just saying gave Vincent gave it to you tonight. He's starting to shoot the ball really well. Eight or 12 from the floor. Six or nine from the three, two or two from the free throw line. He led the Lakers in scoring with 24. Luca played 41 minutes. He scored 22, but he took 26 shots. Nah, you could never have fewer points than shot attempts.


That's not good. Officer Reeves only had three more points that he had shot attempts. That's not good. Don Connect had one more point, point the shot attempt. That's not good. And like, and I said this again in all sincerity. It's hard for me to see a scenario that Alex lent is better than Dwight Howard. Even at the age of 38 or 39. I just don't see it. You know, they, they not bringing anyone older. The the game, the game, the game itself is a young man's game. So even though Dwight house is big that I, I'm sure they could use, they'd just rather not do it.


And I think, I think there might've been some, some rift if I'm not, if I'm not mistaken seeing it earlier, You know, with, with with Dwight Howard had exchange of words with, with, with somebody when, when he was on a Lakers. Which is why he is not there now. But He ain't have no exchange of no words. I got exchange of words. You want to go, you want go, you want to go in the go farther than the first round of the playoffs. That's the word, not the word, but words further than the first round. If the Lakers really knew what they needed, You know who they, You know who they really could have bought in.


What, What you mean what Man you holding the ball like you a 1950s basketball player. Man putting that ball down for you. Hurt shit. Hey, Don't, don't, don't worry about how I'm holding this ball. It's about where the ball gonna go once I get to the hoop. Listen, I can nowhere. One thing about it ain't going the basket. Well when I in high school, I average, I average a triple double man. That's not, that's what we not gonna do. Average triple A, triple C, a triple double A, a triple, triple double. What you talk About, man. They say you had, they say you had quadruple double Six a class six a Miami B senior high. I average was 42 points a night. You talk about man, well I used to be out there man, like, like A quadruple single. I was like a mixture of Jamal berry.


Four points, four rebounds, two assists, six files. Hey, I was a mix mixture of Jamal Murray and Kyrie Irving. That's what my package looked like. Yeah. I got a, yeah, I got, I got a package now ask about me, Lord. Ask about me A mix of x lacks of peanut. You was a bitch. I'm telling you, I'm telling You'all I was built different man. You would've thought I was born in New York. The kind of handles I had. Yeah, that's, that's what you used to tell me. Boy, boy you, you from, you sure you from Miami. I said, yeah boy, you played at one of them boys off of Rucker Park. I say, nah. Like I just, I Just, no, ain't nobody say that. Ocho you did not play basketball at high school. I played soccer.


I'm saying, I'm talking about That ain't basketball. I know. Listen to me, my fo my focal point was soccer. But I'm just saying that's how good I was in athletic. I was where I could I it translate, You know I used to skip, skip class and go to people pe class and play basketball. Oh Joe, you can't play basketball. Listen man, it's one thing about me. I lie for you before I lie to you. You hear me? You just lying now. Nah, I, I, I take, I take, I mean, you ain't really talking to nobody in particular. You just lie. I Take pride in my craft. What? Mac and cheese, that's the only craft I, that's the only craft I know anything about that you would know about all that other stuff you talk about?


Don't know nothing about that. I dunno what you talking about. The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. Allstate Fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh. Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at davids bridal.com.