
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, Rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.


You know, some people say that, oh, do business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, ooo is all of these things, fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com o doo.com, The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams. Toing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed, not available in all areas.


Joining us now fought to a majority draw Saturday night. It doesn't look like he's too pleased with that. And there are a lot of people on social media that actually thought he won that fight. Joining us, Lamont Roach, Jr. Lamont, how you doing bro? What's up Man? I'm good man. Thanks for having me. I feel real good. No, thanks for having, thanks for joining us. Take us through Saturday night. You go into that fight, you move up five pounds, you're 1 35 and you move up and you're feeling, I mean, everybody's like, man, ain't no, he got no chance. Tank told you a couple of days earlier, he going, Hey, you not going the distance. Y'all shake Fred little two 50, whatever the case may be.


You go into that fight, You know, tank's a slow starter, builds up as the fight progresses, You know, he's trying to land hook to the body. Come up top with it. What was your process? What were you going into that fight? How did you want to fight and did the fight turn out the way you thought it would? Well, honestly, yeah, the fight, the fight went exactly how we planned it to go. Honestly, You know, we familiar with 'em, we've been familiar with 'em. We just knew it was a matter of time for everything to fall into play and back to the whole, everybody not giving me a shot saying I'm gonna get knocked out and all this and all that. I, I, I know what I'm capable of and I know what I could do.


Like they, they just, and in a nutshell, they had, they had me totally messed up and right. Especially when he bet me saying he was gonna stop me. What do, what do I told him himself. I said, you tripping. I said, I don't know what got into your head these last couple minutes, few days, whatever the case number. You tripping. You know, you not going to do that. Dude, I don't even know why I told him. I said, I know You know, you not gonna do that. Cut it out. Yeah. Hey, listen, when you talk about you are very familiar with him and I understand you and your team, you went into the fight with a game plan. Is it familiarity, the fact that you guys probably trained together in the past, or you've been in camp together in the past, you sparred together.


Is is that why you were so familiar in whatever game plan your team did have and were able to execute? Is that why it went so well? I mean, yeah, it's one, it is one of the many reasons why it went so well even though we were kids, You know, some of them traits, characteristics and just ways of a, of a man grew, like, grew with him. Yeah. So yes sir. You know, some of the, some of the, like some of the dirty tactics, I knew that he would, You know, revert to that when that pressure built up when somebody that was was there, sir wasn't scared of him when somebody was there that was there to return fire and You know what I'm saying? He, he ain't been in the ring in his professional career.


He hasn't been in the ring with something like that or something like the caliber what I got. Right. So what I thought, obviously watching the fight and when I look at all his tank fights, most of the time obviously he starts slow and then round five six he starts to pick it up a little bit and by the time as he's picking it up, normally his opponent in deteriorating the condition ain't we're supposed to be, but I'm looking at you, they get to round six and seven and he coming forward and you ain't even, you not even moving. So at that point, y'all mid-range and you sitting in the pocket and most of the time when he hits somebody they retreat, but you get, you took one to give one. I'm like, what? He boy, he boy going at it.


I'm like, so did the power not affect you in any way where you didn't really care where you just sat in the pocket with him in exchange? 'cause most of the time, I mean, you gotta be cautious. Oh yeah, for sure. You gotta be cautious because when throwing punches, You know, you got a chance to get hit. You know, when you letting go, did you not care at all or did you feel his power early and really wasn't worried about it? So It it wasn't that I wasn't, I wasn't caring. It is, I was cautious, like you said, I was cautious, but the but the defense, the defense is there and the confidence was, was through the roof. Right. And I, I got a chance you keep a spade of spade, like, You know what I'm saying? Like he, I see why he knocked people out. Yeah.


I'm not gonna say the power is overrated, but it, it, I I've been in there with guys who can punch, I mean like with guys who can punch. So it is like, it's, it is nothing, it was nothing new to me. I've been in there with middleweight champions, I've been in there with junior middleweight champions, I mean like as they were champion in their prime and stuff like that. So it's like, You know what I'm saying? Like I, I was confident in, in what I could do defensively and if I get hit I know, I know I was gonna give it right back. Right. So listen, in the ninth round, I'm sorry, You know, You know, I get excited about No, go ahead. I don't mean, I don't mean to take over. Listen, hey young bull in ahead in the ninth round, You know, Avante took a knee. Obviously there's some con controversy behind that. It wasn't ruled a knockdown by the referee.


I've never seen that. That's crazy. Ever. And then my years of watching her, You know, watching boxing and enjoy enjoying the sport of combat sports in general, did that moment impact your strategy for the remainder of the fight? I'm gonna say no, and I, let me tell you why. Yeah. The simple fact that he took the knee is, is it was really a, a boost because it's like, all right, it's alright. What we doing is working. We we know that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He looking for something, it should have been a knockdown one. So that's why I'm yelling at the referee, like, keep counting, like you tripping, keep counting. That's a knockdown. Because he, if y'all didn't notice, he started to count.


He started to count and He did cut it And then he stopped. Stopped. He stopped. Okay. So, so when we, when he Yes. Resumed the action, I'm like, what you doing? Keep counting. Like you can't do that. Right. So, and then it wasn't even registering or processing through my mind the other rules. Right. To the simple fact that he could have got disqualified for having his corner come up to the ring and assist him during the round or Wipe. Wipe. Yeah. He Can't come to the mat, he can't do that or Yeah, he can't turn his back on the, like during the fight that's caused for, that's, that's the wave it all, he took a knee and then turned around and went to the corner.


A breath or usually turn it turn, turn or stop the fight. Oh, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't know that. Yeah man. What I'm watching you, a lot of times when, when people hit tank, like Ocho was saying they retreat, but it seemed like you had a strategy. Like if he hit me, I'm gonna hit his ass back just as hard as many times as he hit me. And I don't think he expected you to return the kind of five that you returned because you wobbled him a couple times. And I'm not so sure that I've seen tank wobble, like when you caught him a couple of times and you was getting through the guard. I mean, hey normally a South Paw fighter that lead right is a home run right down the, it was right down Broad Street and you kept touching him with it For Sure. It was one of the, it was one of the many things that we trained for.


Obviously he happy go lucky with his left and, and been working for his whole career. He been knocking these dudes out. So, You know, we've been training, we've been sitting on the left being able to working on countering, working on, You know, being able to block and come back and we had some pretty fast guys and then we had some pretty strong guys that I had to, You know, switch rounds with every like, You know, every spawn session. Right. So, You know, we was ready, we was prepared and like you said, them dudes wasn't really, really cracking him back and I was really throwing that fire at him and the accuracy is, was really probably pissed him off too. And the fact that I was busy, it's like, all right, this ain't stopping.


Yeah. That I thought you did an unbelievable job of keeping the pace up. Like Ocho said, he's a guy that likes to start slow. Yeah. So he has some energy reserve. So when he comes out from five through 12, he's like, I got a lot left. I know, Hey, I ain't really spent no gas. I, hey, I just been coasting. I've been on electric mold now. I got this fire, I got this gas in the tank, I'm finna unleash. But it meant you met fire with fire, fire when, and I I've heard Floyd say that like when he went into a fight, he never watched tape on the guy that he was fighting. He left that up his corner to watch the fight and then tell him instructions. He would take all that information and then once he got into the ring, blah, blah, blah. Do you watch fight?


Do you, when you going against a fighter, do you watch them or you leave that up to your corner to watch and then give you an instruction to what you should do? I don't watch Them a lot. I'm just so, I just so happen to be a boxing fan that the fact that I do watch him fight, You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I, I, I really like boxing and he's, he's just somebody to watch. He's a spec knockout artist, this skilled guy, like one of the be one of the better pound for pound fighters. I like watching good fights. So I do know some of his tendencies and, but to study him, not really. I left it up to my dad, but one time, one day, like one day in camp, we did sit down and watch a few of his fights back to back.


Okay. Hey listen, tank, tank has publicly expressed interest obviously in a rematch. I'm, I'm you wanna rematch as well? Yeah. Are you open to immediate rematch or do you have a a a you don't need a tuneup, but do you have a tuneup fight just to, just to keep yourself going? Not immediate or do y'all, y'all run it right back? Immediate, immediate, just to let y'all know, like in, in my contract immediate rematch Yeah. Was signed, I signed for the immediate rematch when I signed for the first fight, just in case he lost or just in case it was a draw. So they put that clause in there, they put a rematch clause in there. So I already signed the rematch clause. Okay. So when you got a rematch clause, how, how long we taking, how long is the break before you start training again?


Is it, is it six months from now? Is it it is up To the side how work, it's up to the A side and when they wanna fight. So I'm thinking it's gonna be soon. I'm I I'm hoping it's gonna be soon. Let's say that, I mean when, I mean, I'm saying from a boxing standpoint as a boxer, what is soon to you? I mean, when you say soon to me, I'm thinking a month. I know that I'm, I'm thinking July. I'm Thinking I'm think I'm, I'm thinking July. I'm thinking July for sure. Okay. Okay. But if, if I, if I'm not, if I'm not mistaken, Lamont, I think I read something that he reached out to Loma Chico's side and see if they were interested. Did you see, did you read that also? Did you see that? I did see that. But you can't, you gotta, you can't believe everything you see.


And if it is, if it is true, then You know, that'd be funny. But I'm pretty sure the rematch happens and I'm, I'm pretty sure that's the next fight for both of us. But lemme ask you this, would you be interested? Go ahead. I'm just, would you be interested in fighting Lomo or Tia Fimo Lopez? Of course. Or, or me. Oh, hold up Chad. Hold up, hold up Chad. How about, Hey, put pause on la put pauses on it. Hey Chad, I, Hey, if, I don't know if you seen me fight Saturday, man, I really do this. Yeah. Hey, I I was there. I was there. I listen, I stu I I've been studying you for years, you hear Me? Okay, I can listen. Listen, I don't have the time, but I could tell you your tendencies right now. Round one through seven.


Okay. So if we was to get in there and spa right now, I could tell you what you going to do by looking at your feet. You, when you, when you, when you got your hand down by your hip? I already and you stepped forward. You, you gonna faint. No. What? I ain't, I ain't need no no more keys. But listen, I've been studying you. I know you, so if you want a s spa at any point, if you get ready for the next fight, Right, I think I seen you work your south part, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I got hands. Ain't got no power though. Ain't got no power. Huh? He got pillows. He got pillows at the end of his arm. Nah, listen, he ain't got no pile Lamont, Man. Hey Lamont, listen, they, they No cake blows. Nah, nah, ain't no Hey Lamont, they, they where I'm from they called me hella hands. Yeah, they called me hella hands. But listen, I reflecting on your performance right in that fight, bro.


I don't, your game plan was phenomenal. Everything you did, you executed from round one all the way to 12. After you have a fight like that and you put on a show like that, what aspects, I mean like what's, how many, how do you improve off of that? Because if they, if you were to grade your performance that night, you get an a plus. Yeah. So what do you go back, what do you go back and work on after putting on a goddamn show like that? Man, just, just, just going on. See, my thing is I always wanna get better all the time no matter if I do have a good performance or not. I just go back and yes sir, I watch the tape and see what, what he do.


Obviously if whatever he come with the next one, then we just gotta still capitalize. We're gonna add to what works. If it ain't, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. But we're gonna just, we gonna add to it, we gonna build, we gonna build, we gonna build, we might try to, You know, pick it up so we can see if we can get that star or now, You know what I'm saying? You never know. That's how you capitalize. Hey, that's how you capitalize. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well your condition was on point boy. Old School fighter man. 15 round fighter over here, man. For real? Yeah, for sure. I was in Camp Spa 13, 14 rounds. Wait, what time and no time? Nah, With time for sure with time. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay.


Because You know I did 22 rounds, no clock. Right. Chad, we gonna get you in camp. Maybe you can get me ready for the rematch. Bring Me, Hey, matter of fact, bring me to camp. I ain't gonna charge you. I ain't, I ain't gonna charge you. I give you, I give you four rounds. I let somebody else go forward and I come back for another four Exchange, no robbery. I like that. All right. Back Man. Lamont, will you put pause on this man? Don't beat him up too bad. 'cause I need him, I need him for Nightcap. So I want him to come back, talk about slurry and I don't want him to come back. Talk like, Yeah, he's gonna be all right. He gonna be, he I think, I think he gonna be all right. Don't you give him body blows. Don't don't hit him on his head yet. You getting body blows. I'm Good, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. My, my defense. My defense is my offense.


I ain't gonna hit Lamar's. A lot of times when guys win and they get a rematch, they're like, well I don't have anything to improve upon. And they, they, they run into a, a problem because you had a draw. Do you, can you go back and say, You know what, in this situation here, I should have did this instead of that and I might have been able to land something. Is that how you go back and approach the fight because you didn't get the win and so you're like, well I didn't get the win. I didn't lose technically, but I didn't win either. And I think as a fighter, You know, draws and ties, that ain't what we do it for. Yeah, we want to be win. We want to be on the top spot. And because you didn't land on the top spot, you feel that, You know what, go back and watch this fight through 12 rounds.


Maybe if I pick it up through the first three or four rounds, maybe that's a round or two that I win. And we don't even have this discussion at the end because it looked like they gave you round 12. Had you not won round 12, he would've won the fight. Which Is sad honestly. So to me, I thought I won the fight clearly. I thought I won a close fight. I thought I won a very competitive fight. Okay, don't I, I'm not saying I steamrolled him or whatever, but to me, I think I want to fight. Now granted ninth round should have been called a knockdown. Two judges, right on the official scorecard gave him the round ten nine. If that was a knockdown, I went around ten eight, that's a three point swing. I would win a unanimous decision.


Correct. So you gotta take all of that into


account. Who doesn't love Reese's Peanut butter cups? Answer, nobody. They've been one of the most delicious parts of your life forever. Everybody knows they can't get any better. Right? Well, after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup, a delicious twist on your favorite treat, you might change your mind. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter, and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a different kind of delicious. You know, the chocolate filling just takes it to a whole extra level. It's a totally, completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Lucky you, lucky everyone. So you really just have to ask yourself how you like your peanut butter cup, the way you've always loved it, or with a gooey chocolate lava center. Or don't choose and have both. Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Shop Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup now at a store near you found. Wherever candy Is sold,


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is Ashley Ti from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast, you probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.


The battlefield is set, the stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers and the new award-winning Legion Go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


It is three things that could have happened in that ninth round alone with that knee. It could have been a 10 a round, scored a knockdown, it could have been a disqualification or I could have won by TKL. So honestly, when you look at that and you say, I got a draw against the Number one spectacle in America, a pound for pound talent and a, a guy with a 90% knockout ratio, you look at it and like, okay, if you got a draw, more than likely you were supposed to win that night. So even though I didn't get to win, I'm not a moral victory guy, I'm pissed that I didn't win, honestly.


Yeah, Right, exactly. I'm pissed that I didn't win, but I really think that, that I should have a lot of people think that I should have. And in the rematch, it's just gonna make it worse for him because I, I gotta rev it up. Like you said, I, I gotta do something, I gotta do something, I gotta pick it up somewhere to turn this around and make it a victory for me. Lamont, you are moving up from super featherweight to lightweight. Were you afraid that moving up might rob you of some of the power? 'cause that's, You know, normally guys that move up, they lose some of the sting. Were you concerned about that? Are you gonna stay, are you gonna stay at super feather or are you looking to move up the baby?


Go to 1 35, 1 40 even higher? Nah, one thing that 1 35 gave me is a lot more steam. I ain't gonna lie. It was if I have less pounds I had to lose. So, You know, I felt So what do you normally walk around at Lamont? Normally? I wanna say if I 50 55, especially if I'm in the gym, nah, nah, nah, I walk around like one 50, somewhere around one 50. Yeah. 1 49 on a good day if I'm on vacation. Okay. I don't get no higher than 55, so. Okay, okay, Okay. So you, so I, I think that works. I think that's one of the things that helped Floyd Mayweather. Yeah, because Floyd is not a naturally big man. Right. So it was easy for him to stay at 1 47 'cause Floyd only walking around at like 1 55 to begin with.


So he goes for six, eight weeks he lose five pounds and he, that's his sweet Spot. Yeah, for sure. For sure. And that's another thing with you, it is not like you walking around 1 65. Yeah, no, I can't do 1 60, 1 65 and you gotta strip down 35, 30 pounds. You only having to come down 10, maybe even 15 pounds at a max. Yeah. So that's a lot. That's not, that's not that drastic where you see these guys have to go through this, this, this massive dehydration in order to make weight because it, man, you keep doing that fluctuate in your body, man. It, it takes something outta you man. It Definitely takes a toll on you for sure. Yeah. Hey, listen, after, after a fight like this, how, how much time do y'all take off? Like, I mean, be before you get back in and gradually just start building yourself back.


Not only in the shape, but just making sure you don't lose that rhythm and consistency. It's tough, man. Especially how boxing is today. That's more so like a personal, so me personally, I don't like being out the gym too long. I get, I get cussed out by my, by my doctor because he tell me to take a break. You know what I'm saying? Like Right, right. So, and I understand because your body do need to heal rest. I've been through a eight week training camp and then went through a hard 12 round fight, so, You know. Yeah. You know, gotta get your body together, take some time off. Because when you peak, when you peak and you peak at the right time, and I think I peaked at the perfect time. Yes sir. On Saturday night. Right. It's, You know, it, it depletes you.


So I get a little rest, I get a little rest probably like two weeks. Then I'm, I want to be back in the gym one because I probably get too heavy, You know, I'm like, I don't feel, I don't feel right. Right. You don't feel Right. Yeah. And I be bored. I normally be in the gym. So that's how I go. Wait, where where you, where, where, where you live at? What, what state? I Live in DC. Okay. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm make, I'm make a little trip down there, man. Whenever you get back in the gym and you wanna start sparring, I'm gonna come down there and I got, I got a little, I I'm a bad man, Chad. I don't know. I know, I know. I'm, I'm a bad man too. That's why my teacher called me when I was asking. Well listen, I got a little be for you. Right. We gonna do eight rounds, right? We gonna do eight Rounds if you can.


If Yeah, we gonna do eight. Yeah, if you can, if you can beat me at least four rounds. Now You know LeBron James, he just scored 50,000 points, right? Yeah. He sent, he sent me the ball. If you could beat me, if you could win more rounds of me, I send you this ball he gave me put up, Call my dad right now. We set that up milestone. We gonna set that up for sure. You gonna take that ball above, man. That's, You Get that ball above him. Okay. The trophy case right on top of the belt. Okay? Matter of fact, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna make it easy for you. I'm only using my jab hand on Me. Oh man, you giving me you giving, you giving it away. Nah, I I mean listen, I can, I can take what I'm gonna do. I still win.


That's what I do. I told you they call me hella hand. You giving the prize away. LeBron ain't gonna like that, That Oh nah. You ain't gonna get that. You think I'm gonna, you think I'm gonna lose you and, and lose that ball for Michelle Devil Is alive. Hey, lemme, lemme ask, lemme ask you this, Lamont, after the tank fight, who would you like to fight after fight after tank? Are you gonna stay? Are you gonna go, are you gonna stay? If you, if you go back, if you rematch, you beat Tank at 1 35, are you gonna stay at 1 35 or slide back down to one 30 or go up even to one 40? It depends on what's available. If the champions at 35 are available, I wanna fight them.


I wanna unify, obviously that's good for my career. That's like legacy fights. And on top of that, they big money fights money. If they not, if they're not available, I would go definitely defend my title at 30 and probably try to unify there because I can make 30 comfortably. And, and I feel like I I I run that division. Like I probably can't even go undisputed if they let me. That's loud because I'm Lamar being a student of the game. I know you heard your dad, you weren't around there, but I know your dad has told you or whomever in your corner about the Four Kings, Hearns, Haggler, Duran Leonard and how they fought each other and all the top contenders in that they fought 'em.


You go back to the seventies, you look at the heavyweights, they fought Norton fought Ali, he fought Frazier. He fought for, he fought shavers, he fought Ali. Nobody ducked. Why is it now Lamont that we have guys and they want to cherry pick and don't want to take it seems like, and I and and I love Floyd. Yeah, but Floyd that 50 and Oh. 'cause nobody wants to take an ass whipping now for sure because now they feel like my legacy is ruined. I lost the fight. Some of the great fighters, we don't look at Ali because he lost three or four times even when he looked bad fighting Trevor bur Larry Holmes. We don't hold that against him. We don't hold it against Leonard.


We don't hold against Haggler. We don't hold against Hearn. We don't hold against nobody. I don't know. And I hate that. I love Floyd and I'm glad he is undefeated. But everybody thinks now if I be undefeated I'm gonna be revered like Floyd and it is not going happen. Ain't It ain't Floyd is just one of a kind fighter man in the caliber. He is. Even if a lot of people do go undefeated and retire undefeated, it's not gonna be the same. And it's not gonna be the same because Floyd put in his work. Floyd Floyd fought them guys when, when he was able to and stuff like That. He fought everybody. He fought them guys and he, he earned the, the right to fight who he wanted to, when he wanted to.


Whatever the case may be. He that's, that's just a, a once in a lifetime fighter. I don't know why the guys are not, well I maybe I do. I I I'm gonna give you a little scoop. These guys are worried about the money that they can make if they told you, huh? If they still have a owe on their record, they think that a blemish Yeah. Would knock down the value of their con whatever they have in their contract or whatever they have presented to them, which is, You know, crazy to me. I think if you put on a good enough fight, no matter if you win or lose the performance is what matters. It it, it is, it is really what matters.


So people gonna pay to see you fight. If you fight the good fights, that's what, that's what they gonna pay to. That's, they gonna pay to see it. That's why pay-per-view numbers used to be so high because people are gonna pay, they wanna see certain fights, they wanna see them fights. Look at Mickey, look at Mickey Ward and Arturo Gotti. Ooh, that was jam packed law didn't matter. People still paid big money to see that because they know they was going to get action. Yeah, they was Getting action. But now Lamont guy's like, You know what, yeah, if I fought Lamont I can make 15 mil, but if I fight this guy that I know I can whip, I can make 10. So why take the chance for an extra five when I can get this can over here and I can whip it for 10.


So I just get me a couple, I get me five or 10, I get me five or 10 of the $10 million fight. Why would I need to take a risk for two of those big fights? But I ain't gonna do that. But then you gotta think about that Lamont, I told uncle the other night, we talked about this too, right? Not only do certain people not want to take risks, but you want to build it up until you get to the really, really good fight. So if you got, like you talk about the folk, the folk kings back then back in the day, right? And today's, if you got the best boxes right and if all the best boxes fight each other right now and not have fight after fight after fight and actually build it. So people want to actually, actually wanna watch and you can maximize your, your your pay. That's a little different.


Think about how long before Earl and Bud actually fought. Yeah. Look how long it took. Look how many fights they had because there was a buildup to it. So from that standpoint, I kind of get it and understand you wanna maximize your, your pay. You also, nobody wants to lose, but at some point they ain't gonna have no choice but to fight each other. Ocho you gotta understand the Timing gotta be right. But think about it. And Lamar, You know this Sugar Ray went to one 60 to flag Haggler. It definitely did. Hers went up. They definitely did. They, he didn't come down. He they went to him. They did because they started And you talk about very similar 1 30, 1 35, they went up two sugar Ray was 1 47, went to one 60 Hagler, hers was 1 47, went to one 60.


They definitely right about that. That's middle weight And Ray, Ray and Duran started at 35. So, But Duran come he was that small. Yeah. One the best lightweights to ever do it. Yeah. Horse hands, A lot of, a lot of those guys started. Yes. A lot of those guys started there at OCHO 30 35 Fort Floyd, 30, 35, 40, 47 and four F De La Hoya at 54 Mm. Yeah. Oh yeah. A lot of 'em guys. Yeah. And had pack's, an anomaly pack started at like 1, 1 0 6, 1 12 and went and blew through and blew through everything.


Eight division, eight Division champion. It's still not gonna matter. Yeah. You not gonna see that. You even, even when you look at Armstrong, you look at all those guys, nobody's doing this again. Nobody's gonna do that. Yeah. I mean basically you'd have to start at, say you'd have to start at like one 40 to go to heavyweight to try to clean Exactly. To try to clean out everything House. And that ain't, and that ain not happening that at all. I mean Roy, Roy was bad boy anomaly because Roy, straight Roy went from 60, 68, 70 10 Years straight. Middleweight heavyweight. Roy was, if Roy had had Roy just stayed there and not stripped the muscle that he put on to go to Heavy. Because I think that took a lot out of him.


That took too much out of him. He probably should have stayed. He probably should have never come back down or just took his time. But Roy won the title, couldn't get nobody else to fight, gave the title up and came back down. And he wasn't the same after Tarver beat him that one time. He was never the same because he got started getting beat by fighters. That Roy Roy would've mopped the floor inside of five rounds with him. Sure. Yeah. So what's next tank? I mean, excuse me, what's next Lamont? What's next? After, after this tank, after this tank fight, you say you want to fight whoever the big money fight is. Who? Abe Lomo. Teia Fmo. Haney Garcia, whoever. Champ at 1 35 right now. Ko Keshawn Davis.


Okay. And l Chenko. So, okay. That's, that's, that's who we gonna be looking at after, You know what I'm saying? After, after I beat Tank, after I be tanking the rematch, You know, if them guys ain't available, then we gonna go to 30 and defend my 130 pound championship. So listen outta those three you just named, who would you prefer to fight first if you can't get all three? If, if, if you had a preference. If I had a preference, I don't really got a preference. I want, I would, I would put a blindfold on and pick whichever one. It don't matter Who that what I'm talking boy you talking Whoever this ass, whoever want this ass whip it. That's why for sure Who this ass whip For sure.


As a matter of fact, I tell you what, I tell you what lomo, you going get it first. So you going get it after I get tanked. When I get tanked, I'm gonna get you at the first of year. Hey Shakur, I'm gonna come see you in July and Keyshawn Davis. Hey, at the end of the year or 27th, I got your, I got your ass whipping Too. Hey, it sound good to me. You hear me sound real good? Hey man, I appreciate it. Congratulations. Great fight. Thank you. It wasn't the outcome that you had hoped for because you trained for eight weeks, had a great camp, and you put the time in to win. It didn't go his way. But who knows what's gonna happen j July, August, when the next fight come around, wish you the best and guess what?


Come back and join us again when the fight happens and we'll see what happens after that. Lamar appreciate it. Alright? Will do. Appreciate. Thank you man. I appreciate both of Y'all man. All right bro. I'm gonna see you. I'm gonna see you in dc Ain't no doubt. Yeah. Get my contact. We, we bring you out for sure. All Just, hey body. 'cause he need to talk To talk, You know? Yeah, that's what I want you to do. Yeah, yeah. That's what I want you. That's what I want. Hear what? Yeah, I got it. I'll make sure I record too. We have it on, on the night count. That's What I need you to do. All, all right. All all. Alright man. Appreciate that. Have a good one. Thank y'all man. A quarterback coach from a team drafted in the top seven. Referred to Sha Shado Sanders as brash and arrogant in his team interview Joss Anderson posted a very lengthy, interesting post.


I'm not gonna read it all, but you guys can see it. Here we go with this again. Ocho That's what, that's what you want from your quarterback. I don't either. No, listen, don't change. You know who else is brash? Can I tell you one quarterback who was brash, especially coming outta college with the way he plays, the way he carried himself by the name of Baker Mayfield. Yeah, he went Number one too, number Ed Cam Baker Mayfield was trash. You Know Cam, Huh? Cam bra, huh? You know who else is brash? Johnny Manzel was brash. You know, now all of a sudden there's a problem with having confidence in yourself. He's not brash. It's about having confidence. It's believing in yourself and believing in the work that you've already put in the resume speaks for itself.


Turn on the film. There's a reason he's talking. The way he's talking. I believe I can come in and change the franchise. How is that brash for feeling that way? If you're not serious about changing your franchise or having a franchise change your quarterback, I'm not the one for you. What's wrong with saying that? When, that's exactly what the team are looking for. Someone with that type of confidence. Not soft-spoken. You are a leader of men coming in as a rookie to change you be the franchise you have to be. What are we can lemme ask you. Okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho everything that he said, everything that this coach said, that he's brash and he's arrogant, can he play?


That's all that? Yeah. Can he play football? He's a, that's all that matters. Football player. He's not into politics because in politics you need to be likable. That's why people will vote for you in this situation. Can he play football? Okay, what are that? Does he have any issues off the field? Do you worry about having to have your phone on ring the entire night? Are you worried about hey, nope, if you see my player here, give me a call. Watch out for him. Is there any such thing that you need to worry about?


His dad would brash. I'm, I'm confused. At the end of the day, can the guy play football? Can the guy, if, if you want a politician, if you want a a, a a, a a Le a a cub scout, someone that's gonna be in the church, okay, fine. I get that. I want a football player. I want him to have good character. I don't care about the brashness, I don't care about all this stuff. I don't want him to get in trouble off the field. Although I understand that young kids will make mistakes. 'cause I was young, so I'm not here to condemn for a first time mistake. I just don't wanna see a repeat offender.


That's what gets, that's what, that's what I get upset about. Repeat offenders. But I don't have no problem with Sha door. I don't have no problem with any guy. If that's what, if that's what we're talking about, that's what we're about here. Now you have to understand a lot of times, Ocho, you, hey, we brag because we had to. Hey, we, a lot of times we were playing against people that were bigger than us, older than us, and we did something good. We had to let 'em know. That's how co that's how we grew up. Every time, Man. Every time. But, but, but listen. Hey, listen, I understand obviously, especially at the quarterback position, okay? They want you to be and conduct yourself a certain way.


They want you to be Tom Brady's, the Peyton Mans, the Drew Brees. They wanna lump everybody in the same category. Yeah, you have to be a robot. You have to be politically correct. You have to know how to talk and you have to know, You know how to answer questions. You have to know how to keep things in house. You have to know how to, you fall on the sword when things don't go well. You got it. You Put the blame, you put the blame on yourself. No, it's me. It all starts with me offensively. I have to play better. You know, when you win, We won. You Give Gary credit to Everybody. When you lose, you take the blame. That's the, that's the part about being the quarterback. That's the ownership. That's the ownership That one has to have. Ocho this is what Jaina Anderson.


Second paragraph. According to league sources said, quarterback coach seems to have an issue with the culture of athletes who have broad Fame and financial success before entering the NFL. And their opinions appears to have to have them a problem with certain athletes. I'll leave it at that. This is how the pre-draft evaluation can get jacked because of evaluators don't seemingly possess the discernment to detect intangible traits that are connected to the will and drive to win without being a stat or delineate it. Delineated and analytic report that don't, I mean, if you're not, if you're not familiar with said culture, see somebody from a different culture.


If somebody from the Asian culture or the Jewish culture, I couldn't. But I know, I know my culture. I know how we talk. Talked that man. The think about it, and I've always said that. You've heard me say this numerous times. Chat, what I respect so much about guys that parents that had money, his dad is time. He said, nah, I want your money. I wanna do it myself. Paid manning parents have money. Said, nah, I wanna do this myself. Brody James dad is LeBron James. He said, nah, dad, let me put the time in. I Got that says something.


Because a lot of times we see people, kids of famous or well to-do, they don't have that kind of drive. It takes a special type of person to go up living in an ivory tower. It comes from with mink slippers and silk pajamas. Yeah. And say, Hey, I wanna get out the mud like my dad or like my mom did. I, I know Everybody ain't wired like that. I got to Yeah, push your door. And his dad did everything. He put him in the right situation. Had great coaches, had a co cultivate a relationship with with Tom. Tom would talk to your door, probably check them out on film, probably work with him.


What's wrong with that is, wouldn't we, if every parent could be in a position to make sure their kid got the best, the best teachers, the best coaches, the best physios, would we, or would he or she not do that for their child? Absolutely. That's the whole point. That's the whole point in being a parent, being a father, being a mother. That's what you, that's what you wanted. I'm Confused. Oh, it goes without saying, but just for the sake of an argument. You have the other side that creates stuff like this that don't care. Oh, he's not conducting himself the way the the way We feel.


Well, that's your kid. You didn't raise it. Can he play? Oh, I love it. I love it. That matters. I don't think That's, I don't think there'll be a situation that's all down to that. He's gonna get in trouble. He's, he seem very levelheaded to me. I know he gonna be levelheaded. 'cause I know his dad. I know his dad extremely well and his dad jokes around. But they know, he know nonsense. They know, he know nonsense. Especially when it's time for business. When it's time for business and perfecting your craft and getting better at your craft, putting in the work, the homework, the studying, the, the, the training.


How many times have you heard time say, I'm two things, I'm coaching dad, but I'm dead first. Make no mistake about that. His kids are very, very of the, of the utmost importance to him. He's always been this way. Y'all think he's, this is time. This is who he is. Now he behaves a little different with he on the phone with me, But he, I I don't get it. But You know what, Ocho Hey, I guess I, I ain't, I, I, I, Bucky Brooks responded.


Thanks for sharing Rashina. Every year we watch high profile quarterbacks deal with the nonsense. No one expects Sha Door Sanders to be perfect fit for every coach in the organization. But the unnecessary character attacks by NFL personnel and some media members with NFL backgrounds is garbage. These unflattering and unfounded remarks, remarks haunt prospects beyond the pre-draft process, including tainting the fan base opinion before the players takes the field for a squad. It's stupid. It


does. Who doesn't love Reese's Peanut butter cups? Answer? Nobody. They've been one of the most delicious parts of your life for everybody knows they can't get any better. Right? Well, after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup, a delicious twist on your favorite treat, you might change your mind. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter, and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a different kind of delicious. You know, the chocolate filling just takes it to a whole extra level. It's a totally, completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Lucky you, lucky everyone. So you really just have to ask yourself how you like your peanut butter cup, the way you've always loved it, or with a gooey chocolate lava center. Or don't choose and have both. Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Shop Reese's Chocolate love a big cup now at a store near you found. Wherever candy is sold,


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is Ashley Ginetti from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones These days. Those are Ozempic and Semaglutide. And with Future Health, you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years. And no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Future health is not your healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may very sponsored by Future Health.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and Victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


Sorry. Perception is a person's reality. Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You ain't Finn get you. Ain't Finn to get away with that one. Hold on now. Alright, somebody stole, come on now. You know I You got, you travel with that. I travel with that man. I got all this stuff. Perception is a person's reality, but perception is not always the truth. Oh, are you in your bag. Wait a minute.


Perception is not always the truth. No, It's, I look, he's been dealing with this his whole life. 'cause guess what? He's been Deon Sandra son, he's been dealing with this his whole life. He's gonna deal with it for the rest of his life, no matter what occupation. That precedes him for the longest time. And I still get it, I'm Sterling Sharp's little brother.


They'd be in airport. Hey Sterling. I said, bro, you loud and wrong. Yeah, but you close You with that boy now. Yeah. I, I just, Hey, when they called me Sterling, I, yeah, yeah. You played for Green Bay? No, I played for Denver. Oh yeah, that's right. You the one that played with Fab? No, I played with Elway, but Okay. But go ahead. Keep it going. Hey, they ate it. They, they use the mistakes. They Still do what to be used to. They still do. I'm like, bro, El Ocho, You know, You Know, they guess What they tell me, man, y'all don't look nothing alike. I say, he my brother not my dad. Hey, what the hell?


Hey, You know, You know people, people today steal and most of the time as women, most of the time as women, it is very funny. Obviously they're fans of fans of me and they confuse me and t all the time. Yeah. And I, I mean sometimes they miss, I'm not sure how you mistake me for Teo, Teo was about two inches taller and about he got about 40, 40 pounds on me. You know, he's six three by two 30. Like I be, I'm, I'm confused now. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm one good looking brother. I'm one good looking brother. Now I am not saying my, my brother from another mother is, is is ugly or nothing. But he don't look like this. So I'm not sure how you, Now, my sister and I, we look alike. You look at my sister and you tell, okay, they brother and sister.


My bro, my brother looks just like my mom. Me and my sister look like my dad. But it's okay. But I understood that growing up. Imagine I got a brother that's three years older. So he's a, I'm a freshman. He's a senior. He's good at everything naturally, bro. You ain't gonna be like your brother. You can't ride, run your brother. Okay. Like that. I don't like that. That ain't never motivation though. You know, hearing that I love it ain't never motivation. Hey, lemme tell you something. What you think she do had to deal with being at Jackson State? Well, I can't do that. You can't do that. Well, maybe you could do that at the Yes. At the, at the HBCU level. But you can't do it at pwi.


I, so he goes to Colorado, You know, he gets done there. What do you say? You still hearing all the chirps and the terms and the, and and all the negativity. Now draft process. You showing your confidence based on the work that you've been putting in for who knows how long now they telling you the change because they don't like the way you conduct yourself because you believe Yes. In yourself, you have confidence. We talked about Travis Hunter and his comparison to playing both ways in the NFL, comparing it to Shah. Sure. Sha Tani. What are we talking about? What are we talking about? It's okay. That's the confidence. That's what you need to be great at. Whatever it is you do. It doesn't even have to be sports.


It doesn't have to be football. But the kind of confidence that UR has, the kind of confidence that Travis Hunter has, it's okay to be like that because that type of confidence is what had driven them to the point where they are in life. Because guess what? So he went to HBCU, he lit it up. Oh, he should. He had an HBCU. He go to Colorado, he lights it up. Oh, we conference. You see, I can't win. I can't win. How does he win? How does he win ocho? He goes to an HBCU does what he does. You say the level of competition, now he goes to a D one and now you say, well, the conference was weak.


Now when he gets to the NFL, I wonder what's gonna be the excuse then when he comes in and actually changes the franchise around. Same thing with Cam War. Cam War's, a little different Cam War's approach to the game. And, and the way he conduct conducts himself is a little different. Yes. Everybody's personality is different. Personality is different. They, they, they're not. They're not. No. All gonna be the same. Some are. No, I wasn't quiet. Some aren't. So though they expect me to Be t because I show up. Listen, I wasn't, I Wasn't I'm joking. I'm talk. Yep. I'm talk it. But I talking and walking. Yes. Quinn ERs says he is the best quarterback in the draft over Camie Shadur.


I think I'm the best in the class and the most ready for an NF NFL and most ready for the NFL because of what I've been through. I think I'm the most ready for the, for the situations that occur in the NFL injuries. Playing through tough injuries, having a big name behind you. Continue to play through that amount of pressure. Continue to be confident after being benched is hard to do. I matured a lot and then all the injuries I had to deal with and come back from, I wouldn't trade it. It's the reality of the position stuff's gonna go wrong. And I have a plan of attack for pretty much any situation that can arise. I like it. You gotta be, see, there we go. Confidence again. He's spewing it in a different light.


He's spewing the same type of confidence and brashness that they're talking about that Shadur did, but in a different way. He just spinning in a different way using his history, his past experience on telling you why he's available as the best player ahead of the two that might be in front of him. It's no, that's very brash. Why are you telling us that? Same thing, the delivery is just different. Every player, every player in the draft believe they're the best player in the draft. He did go through a lot. He went to Ohio State, couldn't get on the field. He leaves and go to Texas. He came with much fanfare. Got booed. They wanted Arch. Yeah.


He had to play through injuries. Yeah, he's gone through a lot Now you have to, I mean, you have to be resilient. You have to be able to compartmentalize. They're gonna love you one week, hate you the next, but you have to be, have a strong belief in yourself. Ocho that's the Number one thing. You never let 'em take your confidence. Even all the boos, even if you get benched, you made it this far, you made it this far to give up to quit because now you have a little bit more adversity than you've ever gone through. Nah. Yeah. Listen, it it take a toll on your mental too. Huh? You know, take a toll on your mental when you get Oh yeah, for sure.


Especially at the quarterback. At, at the quarterback position. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Well, I wish Mr. ERs the best of luck. Oh, you a fan posted a picture of Sam with, with Sammy SOA this weekend and it's gone viral. Where the hell it go? Viral. Yeah, Sammy? Yeah. Oh, you're trying to say which one Sammy? Wait, Sammy got on Trump. Oh yeah. No, they say, they say Sammy, he he black again. Yeah, I, yeah, I I I saw that earlier. I thought somebody played around and photoshopped the picture because how, how do you go from bleaching your skin to being black again?


Yeah, Man, Sammy look like them look like the Williams brother, the white chick. Oh, But he dark. Yeah. Sammy darker. What happened? I think he, you listen, once you stop bleaching yourself, doesn't your, doesn't your normal pigmentation come Back? Not you bleach you much? Nope. He was probably on the abi esoterica. You don, you don't remember them bleaching cream? They used to be bleaching cream. Hey, anybody, anybody by age or older? Nobody. Them bleaching creams. There was ultra, there was Abi, there was Noxzema and there was esoterica.


Anybody know about them? How you all this stuff, You know? Oh. Huh. I mean, I was light skinned once upon a time, don't you? Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Nah, I've been black my whole life. Even when it wasn't popular. Yeah. Back in the eighties. Listen, because You know, back then it wasn't popular at all though, Joe. It wasn't popular till like the nineties when Michael Jordan hit Wesley Snipes hit. Because You know, you had, you had De Barge brothers, you had Al and Chico de Barge, you had Al Bishore, you had all them, all them brother with the, the good hair and, and skin.


Yeah. So, nah, I, I've been black by popular man since 68. Same, same, same. Since 72. Oh. Glad to have you back. Sammy Ocho Granny says don't come back over unless you bring him back her containers. My grandma said don't bother coming over if you don't bring back her containers. Oh. Granny's don't play by that Tupperware. Now you talking about Tupperware? Yeah. Somebody took my Tupperware and just wanna take their time and just, Whoa. Oh, they didn't bring your Tupperware back? They did after a couple of months talking about you.


Well, You know I got it. Yeah, I know you got it. But I want it. What? I'm gonna put my food in my hands. So you want me to store my food like this? Put my hands in the freezer on. Huh? My grandma ain't play by her Tupperware boy. Aint Well, damn. She ain't played by and she gotta use it. Take her lunch too to work, man. And please Man, we just put, we ain't have no Tupperware like that, man. We put aluminum forward on top of everything. Yeah. You, we ain't have no lids. Hey, y'all had all right, right. Maybe y'all did. We ain't have no lid in the seventies and eighties. Food just be all out or you put aluminum fall over the top of it.


Yeah, I bet. I bet, I bet you didn't have, I bet you didn't. You didn't keep your grease in the, in the, in the coffee. In the coffee beans. Yeah, the Put on right on the right on the stove. Come on now. We done, we done lived the same life. Come on now. Hey, I, I, like I said, I ain't know nothing. I ain't know nothing about no Tupperware. We ain't have no Tupperware. I mean we had, You know, our drinking glass was a old great jar with a great jelly jar, a mayonnaise jar, You know, hot water Too. It scrap the thing off the side of it. You ain't buy no drinking glasses. Same, same, same.


Yep. Remember those days? I, like I said, I don't, I ain't know nothing about this until I got the, until I was in the NFL. I ain't know nothing about no Tupperware. I heard people mention it, but we didn't have that. Like I said, my grandma put aluminum for, Hey, cover that dish boy aluminum for cover it up. Hey, I'm just thinking about breakfast man. Back in them days. I don't know if You know about Quick oats. Quick oats Oat, listen, I remember my granddaddy man either I asked for two things for breakfast. I either Quick Oats oatmeal or cream of wheat. I don't know if you remember Cream of wheat. And he would use the evaporated milk. The Yeah, I know the White can Or I didn't know you weren't supposed to drink that milk.


I didn't know you weren't supposed to drink it. I didn't know that. You supposed it, it blends you make, did you make cakes and stuff with that? I didn't know you weren't supposed to drink it. Yeah, but I was wondering, me and my brother used to wonder like, man, why we, every time we drinking this milk, our stomach be tore up. It's too damn thick. I don't know what it, I don't know was in there. That's all we had. Hey, we get some, get some water in that canned milk. Yeah. My grandma said, Hey boy, drink over. Can it down a little bit? Okay, Water down. Hey now and the, it had to be, the milk had to be really spoiled. I mean it almost had to be Clare, You know what Clare is like, it's coagulated Now. If it was like that we weren't drinking, but hey, if it's just a little smell, oh you got go into cereal.


You had going up in here. Hey, my grandma like, you be okay boy, make do. But yeah, my grandma wasn't. Hey, you gonna be toing the dish out there with aluminum fo over. You wasn't getting no Tupperware, so so you were good. The Volume,


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion, laptops, towers, and the new award-winning legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois


CBS Monday, February 24th, introducing the new daytime drama beyond the gates. Welcome to Fairmont Crest Estates, where the wealthy and glamorous Dupree family rules the community with poise and sophistication. That is until a cheating husband and his trophy wife starts stirring up trouble. Find out what happens beyond these majestic gates and behind closed doors where scandal, romance, betrayal, passion, secrets, and revenge await CBS daytime is about to get Soaper the new daytime drama beyond the Gates Premier CBS Monday, February 24th, and streaming on Paramount Plus.