
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply C app for details.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home, go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide, 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed, not available in all areas.


Me and are a little bit more now focused on just themselves. You know, focus on work, getting to get into the bag and allowing the woman to be the last choice of importance as opposed to how it was before. You know, chasing the woman, chasing, chasing, applying, pressure, doing all that. And most of the time what you have to understand too is, is women put up such a front with the chasing and applying pressure as if there's, there's something that's so different about them as opposed to anyone else that you could deal with. But then when you actually get ahold and you get to learn that individual and, and you're allowed access, you come to find out, well God damn, I've been doing all this chasing for this.


But you ain't no different than nobody else. It's all the same, you know, at at, at the end of the day. I think men's focal point has changed from chasing women. The more focusing on themselves work, family. If, if that, that that comes into play. And it just, it just, it's just different now. It's just different now. Especially in the today's era where we have a lot more women that are, are in, I hate using the word alpha positions, but they are the men now. Does that make sense? Women, women, women are the men, you know? Yeah.


I think the thing is Ocho it, they, they, they a lot of women. Yeah, But see, when you keep saying, I don't need a man, I don't need a man, then you convince yourself and then you wanna be masculine because you think you can talk to, at the end of the day, that's still a man. And I'm not saying look right, I'm old and know how my grandmother and how I saw everybody raised. See these women today, they talking about, oh, I wanna be treated like my mom and my great grandma got to treat. But y'all don't behave like that. Y'all ain't cooking. Y'all ain't cooking no meal every day. Yeah. My, when my grand, when my grandfather got home at lunch, meal on the table, he got home at dinner, meal on the table.


He ate first. It wasn't no arguing back and forth when my grandfather said they can, they, they can, they did when he said they couldn't, they couldn't. But y'all, oh, I'm gonna do me. Okay, well do you, I don't have to be a part of it. And so I, I think the thing is that they've convinced themselves they don't need a man until they need a man. And then you 24, now you're 45, now you 50. I don't, You know, I don't Think, I don't think now your options are limited. I don't think women understand that the options are limited. Especially today. Especially what they want. When you look at their expectations and what they, what they expecting, what they're looking for.


It, it, it is very hard. It's very, it's very hard to get No ocho It's not hard. That's a good one. But here's the thing. What you want, gotta want, you see, that's the problem. Okay? You want a guy, oh, he need to be over six foot tall. Oh, he needs to make six figures, right? Oh, he need to do this. Yeah. Well, every time, every time you throw out something that he needs to be you, who? A percentage. 15, 20%. Who, who, who? So now you down to 5%, that 5% of the man that you want, that's older, six foot tall, that's has a nice body that makes six figure that's well to do. Does he want you? And, and most of the type of men that they want, you know, it's part of the 1%, huh?


Yeah. It's, it's hard. It's hard for something to add back, back to increasing value. Yeah. Say it again. Say it again. That gets, that constantly gets used. Listen what I said Ocho name something that increasing value that's constantly get used. You told me about my Ferrari, you said buy that Ferrari, but put it up a bottle of wine. Right? Right. 1942, Philippe Rothschild, protuse came, Wait a minute, I don't even think the chat heard you do me a favor say, I'm just saying pen and paper because that, man, hold on. You gonna have to bring that to me again. Hold on.


I'm not gonna use that. Hold on. Use that. Boy. Well, you just dropping the gym right there. And I don't even think the chat was paying attention. Come on. Yeah, because, because everything, you know, ocho, I want somebody six, at least six foot tall. I want somebody at least 200 pounds. I want somebody that make at least six figures. I want somebody that, that, that, that go to church. I want somebody that like the travel. So you've named six things that you like.


Mm. Okay. You find that guy, but he's only probably into 1%. So that 1% of the man men that you're looking for, is he looking for the 15 to 20% of the women that's looking for him? So now, if he's not so now, Right? Right. Oh, I'm Valuable. Oh, I'm this, I'm Bad. They know, they know they worth, they know they worth. Tom Brady wants Niggas Worth is what? Someone is willing to pay for something. Come on. Now, Tom Brady can list his house for 150 million.


But after, I guarantee you, after six months over a year, come on, that house ain't sold. I guarantee he dropped the price. So now if somebody comes in and says, Tom, he want 150 million, I give you a hundred million cash. Okay? I take it, that's what the house is worth. See, you don't get to determine your worth if somebody's not paying for it. Roy. That's what women gotta understand. You keep saying your, are you buying yourself? Are you purchasing yourself? So where's the value? Value is only something, is only valuable if somebody will purchase it.


I want $600,000 for this tube for lip therapy. It's worth $7. They gotta stop this motion talking about I know my worth. I know my worth. Your worth is what? Someone is willing to pay for it. That's what worth is. Look up dictionary, look up worth in the diction. Well, you as a matter fact, I'm gonna Google it. Wait, you preach, you preaching today. You, you what You my damn self? What? You, you know, I, I I, you know, you, you know what also when I when I think about is, is in general, women, they put themselves in unwinnable positions at times. Unc, you know, they, they play hard to get, they're very difficult.


They create this perception that all the work the man is going to put in, in the end, you know, it, it's, they're just, they're just getting this. Oh my goodness. This is so much different than everybody else. Yeah. When, when in hindsight, once you are gained access to it, it's no different than anybody else. That's why they played the difficult game in the beginning. That's why they make you jump through hoops and make you jump through obstacles because there's really nothing. Yeah. At the end of that light or at the end of that tunnel, you know, and it, it's, it's not a, it's not a bad thing. We're all human. What, what do you do that's so special. What to the next person?


Ocho Cook, can you cook? Hey, can you cook some oxtails? I need to know, can you cook Oxtails? What about saying, can you cook breakfast, grits, eggs, sausage, bacon, french toast pancakes. What can you, okay, what about eggs? Benedict Make holiday sauce. Okay. Okay. You can't do that. Okay? What, what, what can you do? What's the, all this value that you speak of, what is it? 'cause I just want you to know a little something. Everything that you do, I can pay somebody to do it. Right? Cook, clean, get my dry cleaning. Hey, I don't pay 'em to sleep with me.


I pay 'em to leave. So I'm just trying to say, so where's the value? What can you do for me that I can't have somebody do everything that you do? So you choose a, so if I'm with you, I really want be with. So you Pay him, you sleep with you, pay him to leave. You not paying them to stay. Hold on, hold on. Lemme write that down. Lemme write that down. Don't I didn't paying it for sex. I'm paying you to get out. Right? So I just, I just wanna know if I'm with you, I ain't playing no games with you. Do you understand that? I'm not, I joke on plane to come see you. You jumped, you flew Somebody before You mean something, man.


So all this, all this, all this stuff. Oh, this and that, Don, I don't, I don't, I a I'm just telling, I keep a file with y'all. So all this going back and forth, yo, I don't care enough about that because all I know, you keep saying, you, you, you worth this, you worth that. Yes. That property ain't been that, that property ain't been purchased a long time then, huh? But they have to wait for a buyer to come along. Look like you Look like you gonna have to drop the Price on it. That's, that's, that's life. That's the way it works. I understand. And you know what? Something about our beautiful women, huh? Something about our beautiful women in this world. We can't live without 'em. We can't live without 'em. There's always somebody for everybody.


And just at what point is your person gonna come along? That's willing, that's willing to buy, that's willing to buy or pay whatever you feel that worth. May It. That's it. And Bon Ocho. Nah. And my thing is Ocho, I don't even feel like I'm the prize. I don't tell no woman. I'm the prize. But you better. I I don't know who, who, I don't know who told You That's a told You. If you think you the prize. That's a great topic. Women, I mean, women feeling like they are the prize and understanding what they bring to the table. I think some of them might be the, despite us being the providers, I think some women, some might, might be the prize.


You don't think so? What? No, we're both the prize. I wanna be with you. Hopefully you wanna be with me. I think you're special. I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be with you if I didn't think you were special because You can't get that back. Huh? You can't get that time back. I'm not gonna waste your time. More importantly than that, I'm not wasting my, oh, I like, I I can't buy it back. Gas. So that's, that's, I, I I just think the thing is sometimes like, man, let, let's just be real here. I'm gonna treat you. I'm gonna treat you with the ultimate respect. If you got a kid, I'll treat that kid as if it was mine. Right. I'll never be disrespectful to you. I'll never call you outta your name.


I'll never do anything. But this man, these women I made, they, they, they, they Quit. They quit. You Know, unc, they, they be, I know my worth. You know? And you know, you know. Word. I know it's so many. You know what? I don't like unc. Can you address it, man? Know how many women look the words, why do women always feel, because they look good? Because we base everything off of looks. Because obviously men we're visual. We're, we're vi we're a visual creature. Why? The first thing to Mess up The first thing people say is, oh, he fumbled. We're very visual creatures. Yes. Huh? Fumbled, Right?


No, actually, no, no, no, no. Fumble is a situation where I'm running and somebody knocks it out of my head. Right, right, right. I pointed you, I pointed. Yeah. Every, every, everything. It wasn't a phone. Yeah. Boo. Right? Yeah. Mm. I realized like, ojo, I realized I couldn't get any more yards. Boop. Let somebody aid, let the next guy catch it. Hopefully he fair caught it all. I don't know, man. Might, He might've let it go over his head Can't live without them. They can't live without us. It's all about finding your person. It's all about finding your person. And if you have, if you, if you sisters, if you sisters, if you watching ladies, yes. If you have a standard, whatever that standard may be, whatever that value or worth you may think you have, you stick to it.


You stick to it until your mo until your guy comes along. I don't care how long it takes, you know, I'm gonna make sure you going, you gonna win. Matter of fact, ladies, if you in the chat, you don't have a man right now, the holiday that's coming up, Valentine's is coming up. Send me a message on Twitter. I guarantee you I have you a man and some gifts and dinner before Valentine's Day. I'm playing matchmaker because I know your value. Good luck. Luck. I know your worth. I'm gonna make sure you, I'm gonna make sure you get your man. I understand Better. There you go. Yeah. I hope. Hey, I hope everybody, and like you said, there's somebody for everybody.


I hope they find that person. But I'm just, I'm just tired of hearing every time I be, oh, I know my value. I'm this and that. Look here. I guarantee you. Go scroll. Go scroll on ig. They got on YSL, they got on Tom four. They got a Gucci bag, they got a Louis bag, they got a Chanel bag, they got a Birkin bag, they got a G wagon, or they got a range R or they got this. So I tell about what's the differentiating factor, Whether You got filmers, whether you got a BBL l when you got Boo. I, I don't, and, and I'm not judging. I don't care. That's your body. That's your money. I just ain't paying for it. I'm just saying, Hey, you want lip feeling? You want Botox, you want BBL? You want lipo?


Get it. That's your body. I don't tell nobody what? I've never told a woman what to do with her body. I just want you to know I'm not paying for it. I remember that one. Yeah. Because I'm not factoring a frog for another snake to eat. So I'm just saying, right. Take off. If y'all want, whatever you want, whatever that you think is gonna enhance, I go to the gym because I wanna feel, I want to, it makes me feel good. But if y'all want to go, Hey, if y'all wanna do whatever y'all wanna do, I'm all for you ladies. I'm never going, oh, I can't believe you did. That is your body, right? That is, that is, that is your temple. You do whatever as you see fit. That's just not me. Damn. We leave it Now, it's time for our last signal of the evening.


It's time for That thing was getting good, right? Well, you, you, you were preaching the night. It's almost two hours. Ooh, That was, that was a Good one.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the leave. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members. FDIC Spot me Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits Apply. Boost are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network. ATMs


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok. And We've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Ocho.


Check us out. We're about to do a toss to Terrell's show on Netflix. Let's take a chat. Take a look at this. I got somebody I grew up with. God, she just got here. I've been sitting here like the fifth wheel for 30 minutes. You ain't say that to me. All I got good dude. Good dude. Where my, Who is have to find something to do while I'm here. Not something to do or someone to do something. No, he he's not here. He's busy. Okay. But it'd be perfect 'cause he ain't gonna be all in your space. What's his name? Love that. Shannon. Shannon. Sure. Oh, okay. Oh, come on. You know who? Shannon shirt?


No. Shannon shirt. He's in well known return. Espn. He got a lot of rules. You know, tell me one rule. Lemme see if I'm, I'm about this slide One rule when you use the bathroom, you have to go downstairs. Yeah. Lord, I plugged you in like a, like a Dyson vacuum. You ain't plugged in. Why you had to bring that up? You could have brought that up a little later card. The part about, oh, he got a lot of rules. You ain't have to mention no rules. No, see, you don't wanna lie to him in the beginning. That's, that's, that's the one thing you want. That's Exactly what I wanna do in the beginning. No, You wanna set a precedent early So you don't waste your time.


No. Hey, hey, hey. You know, hey, I was gonna break. Let me break, let me spring down on them after we, you know, we at the, we at the table. Okay. So what are some, what are some of your biggest pet peeves? Right? I don't like someone being late burping or passing gas. That's, that's how you break that into though, aren't your damn, you done rule. I ain't ruined the mood. I only told her she still interested. Did did she call you? No. No. Well she, I I probably gave her the wrong number. You changed her number? Yeah, because what happened was you done gave her the rules. Hey, She probably, she probably drank milk, eat cheese, eat all them vegetables. Just be blowing it up. Know sometimes you gotta sacrifice if you want something. You know that, huh?


Oh no. Sometimes you have to compromise if, if it's something that you really want. You can't always, if you have a set of rules, and obviously sometimes it is something that you like, you know, it's, it is in the Bible. Sometimes you have to sacrifice and compromise if it's something that you're actually interested in. I can't, I can't do that. I can't do that. Don't You? Okay. You, you don't, you don't like it like that. I a a there was a a a but that's always been, that's always been my thing. So it's not, not something new. It's not, I mean it's for the First time that, you know, probably people that have that. I've said it publicly, but if you've been around me, they all my teammates bro. Nah, hell no. But hey, it is what it is. Hey, I, I appreciate you looking out for you.


I'm, I'm gonna always do that. I'm gonna always make sure you good because at that time when we were filming, I didn't like the kind, I didn't like the space you were in. You know, I didn't like not really having someone. Obviously this was before the, the Michelle debacle and, and you know that it was when I was trying to plug and find people that you can date and, and, and they could, they could feel that void in that space. And then, and I, I-I-I-I-I, I, I, I think I, I failed to this point because I haven't, I haven't, you know, I don't really get in your pocket. You know, you know if I'd went on that balloon would they popped the balloon. She'd have popped the balloon. Wow. Hey, hold on.


I'm glad you just mentioned that. You, I should do a 20 versus one. Huh? What you think? You know where they popped the balloons? No, no, no. You don't think so, Man. Real or pop pop your skull bad. Hey look, it don't play with re like rel ain't one to play with like that, don't you? You can joke about a lot of things. Look, you know rel better than me, but the way I've been around Rel rel don't play like that. Nah, nah, nah, nah, Nah, nah. You, you don't play like that. See, she rel got rel like old rel more like values kinda like me. She old school. Yeah, she's from Alabama. She ain't from new, she ain't from New York.


She ain't from Cali and stuff like that. Rel got southern rules. Southern, Southern upbringing and some stuff ain't going to jive with. Yeah. Thank you. Hey re they, they, they on real, real head right now, boy. By what she Got, basically, she, she's, she's seen and, and viewed as as the mean girl. She, she's viewed and seen as the villain. And I told, I told her name one person history. Then you one person that made history, you know? Oh wait, everybody can't, everybody Ocho, everybody, everybody, everybody can't beat this the hero. No, you can't.


Sometimes, sometimes. What what I, what I always say about in embracing being the villain in what you do. Yes. Always. You know, I can name, I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you some example. I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you one example. What's that? Housewives of Atlanta. Even if you don't watch the show. Yeah. Because I know most of, I Don't, I don't, I don't watch the show. I can tell you who the villain is and I can tell you who make the most money from the show. Ms. Nene. Huh? Yeah. Come, come on now. People are tuning in for oh, ain't they ain't tuning in for Kumbaya, kumbaya moments.


Shit. Kumbaya moments to get you fired. You won't have no goddamn show. Exactly. Oh, listen, I, you know what I'm gonna, I'm gonna leave it at that. Y'all make sure y'all go check it out. Let me know what y'all think. I want you guys to watch it and come back and let me know if they portraying Ra in the right light. Yeah. Make sure you go watch Wags to riches on Netflix. It's out Now Wags to riches. But don't you all, you ain't do your boy no favor. I got I did. You, I did your great favor. I did. Matter of fact, You ain't do it Chad, do y'all think Ocho did me a favor, bro? The fact, hold on. You gotta go slow. The fact that how you talking about I'm, I didn't do you a favor.


The fact that I even mentioned you period is a favor. Ocho, if you gonna mention me, if you gonna mention me and say, hey, he got all these rules he got. I didn't Say that. I say, I said the only issue that you might have is that he has rules. Now everyone has a set of rules. Everyone has boundaries. Everyone has things that are, they're non-negotiables. I think. I thought it was important for me to let her know about just one rule. And she was okay with that. So that means your foot is in the door already. Your foot is in the door already. See, she's gonna compromise. She don't have it to us. No, he ain't doing me no favor. When you, When you say, when you say Shannon sharp, certain things go out the window.


Certain boundaries go out the window. Certain things that you wouldn't tolerate from somebody else, they'll tolerate from you. Lemme tell you how I would do it. I say, Hey man, I got this partner. Talk to me. I say, man, I say, you know, he played in NFL had a great career. Wait, a you gotta say I'm shy, Shy about he about six foot tall. He's still work out six feet. Hardworking. I said he's funny, great sense of humor. Now if you want laugh, he's the guy. He's the guy. I mean, he got great personality. Oh yeah. He loved to do. He'd fly off the cuff. Whatever you like to do, you want to go bungee jumping. He right there. You want to go, go-karting. He right there. You want to go horseback riding? There is nothing that you could possibly want to do that he'll say not to.


He's that kinda outgoing, fun loving guy. He's the guy that whatever your adventures are, right. He right on that. See, that's what I'm going to do. I say now, hey, you want something that, now the thing I know about it, he love hard. Yeah. I say he loves hard. Yeah. There is nothing that he wouldn't do for you. Once he, once, once y'all get to that point where he like, okay, we gonna do this. He all leave all In if you want the son. I go get that bitch. That's what I'm saying. So now I'm gonna say, I, I say, I just got one thought. I said, look, that's my boy. I said, we ain't brothers. I said, but we close.


The only difference is we ain't got the same blood. All I ask is this. All I'm gonna ask you is this. If my boy fall, will you catch him? See what I did for you? That what I did. Hey, that deserve Emmy right there, boy. I appreciate You. See, that's all you had to do. Y you Got me hyped. Well, you got me hyped right there. Well, listen, I couldn't do the presentation like that. I couldn't do it in that manner obviously, because we were, we know, we on camera, they filmed. Yeah, I I got you.


I was to stick to a certain, you know what? And I went, I went off, I went off, you know the script and what we were supposed to be talking about, just to plug you in. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. Tom Brady is looking to sell his Florida mansion. Oh, it happened to be down the street from Ju that big one in Miami, that 35 million to one. He got all them big cranes. Like it's a high, like it's a, a downtown high risk. How Much he want, how much he want. I mean he what is like 35 million? I think it's in billionaire. It's in billionaire bunker. A billionaire row, isn't it? Where's it? Billionaire bunker? Yeah, he's received Bids over a 50 million.


He's received bids over 150 million. Damn. I was gonna try to get that bids too, man. Get with what? Huh? You ain't gonna even pay the light bill at that point. Who? Who? Man. Well, with this good credit, 150 I, I got, With this credit, I got all Thank You, man. You need Bezos credit to get that one. Matter Of fact, you know what? It don't matter how many bids he got. If I hit, if I call May I call Tom right now? You think he answer? If I call Tom and say, Tom, Hang up, hang up on you Ocho man, look here.


Me personally, Ocho, I don't want no. Look, I think I, I might, I might, I might be willing to go to t Yeah. For a crib. A hundred million. But Listen, one thing that's for, that's a, that's for a different type of person that's bringing in a different type of revenue. It is, it is different. Now, there are people, if you, you ever been, you ever been to Star Island on, I still don't understand. Yes. I don't understand. Yes. The people don't even live in Miami. They don't come here until the goddamn summer For the winter. Yep. How you got a 38 million, 50 million house that you only come for two months out the year.


What do You do Normally they though, they come down there during the winter. They live it's cold. A summer house for 50 million. And here I'm, no bro, I'm catching balls, getting my head. Oh, pause, pause. Yeah. Yeah. Getting hit. Wow. Wow. With your why a Hey Chad, I'm gonna step back. I'm gonna let him handle that one. Y'all go your head on your mean. When I, when I played football, I was catching the pig skin, getting hit, getting knocked over, scoring touchdowns.


You know, I think when I played, I think the totality of my contract at that time was what, maybe 35 million and you got a house. A house that you only come see for two months for 50. I mean, that's neither here nor there. I'm happy with everything that I made and I'm still blessed beyond measures and I'm thankful for that. But what do you do? Sometimes I I I go around and look at the house on Star Island. You know, like what do, what do you do? Hey, I been to a house that was like 80 million. I couldn't, I can't even imagine.


Oh, let's, let's stop There. But you know what? Hey, I might hit it up 'cause I got the number. I might hit it up and actually let me hold that thing. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We could do, we could do the show. We could do a live show from now. No, I'm done with the live shows. But anyway, you know what I'm saying? Don't show I I got something else in mind. Okay. I got a show in My head. Okay. Okay. I see what you mean. I See May a, you hit the button, Ocho and the whole wall disappear. About about 3000 square feet of wall. Just go into the floor. Hey, that's a different kind of money And Oh, oh, so, and it got, got a, it got a fireplace that just wrap around probably like the fireplace, probably like 30, 40 feet.


And They got those, got those outdoor couches, those big old couches. Yeah. If you ever want to impress one, if she ain't impressed with that, Listen, they walking through the whole, they walking through the door of an $80 million house. Matter of fact, your, your clothes just fall off when you walk in. Oh yeah, yeah. You clothes just fall off when you walk in. That's a different, that's a different level of It's different. And you, you listen, you, you talk about an $80 million house or a 50, $35 million house. You ever been to the boat show?


You want to be angry and you wanna be angry and understand a mega, you've seen the price of a mega yacht. I see. Yeah, Man. Yeah. And, and this is people That had that kind of money. Like all the owners. That's the new thing Now ocha, the owners are getting them. Mr. Blade got one. Jerry has one. There are several owners that have, that have purchased them, obviously, obviously Larry Ellison and Jeff Bazos and, and, and, and, and, and Bill, Blake Gates, all the, all those guys got to about 300. This Russian got what? Like a litho that's loan than a football Field. Oh. The funny thing about it is these mega yachts for them, that's, they toys our, to our toys.


You know, Ferrari, coloring BMW, old school, exotic cars. They ain't no car. They don't do nothing with the car. Cars don't move them yachts plane move Them like they Million, 200 million Or private jets in mega yacht. Yes. Like we took, it's a diff dog. It is a different level. I don't fly enough. Would I love to have shares? I'd like to get like a hundred hours or 150 hours in a, in a, in a jet. But to own it. Oh No. Nah. Oh no. And a yacht and a boat. Boat. BOAT bust out another fire. Year Round. Year round. They have you, you paying the crew, even though it's docked, you paying for, you gotta keep that salt water up off it.


So you paying for maintenance, even though it's docked? Nah, I, You have to have a different type of, you have to have multiple streams of high revenue when you doing that plane. Yeah. But Talking about the private jet, I, I don't want own what I like the access. I like the access to be able to go, Hey, hey, we gonna leave it this time on your, hey and I want X, y, z on the plane. You know, we had, you know, had a little thing, you know, Ashley was kicked back on the plane. Okay. Oh, you gonna ask if we go the plane? What? Oh, so now you don't wanna fly. You don't wanna fly. You know, Delta, you, you above Delta. Now Delta is beneath you. Yes, you, but yeah, that's, that's TOMS like, nah, you know what?


I wanna see the kids, but I'm gonna move to a different side of the island. Yeah. That's crazy man. Hey, hey Brady. Brady, if you, I know you're gonna see this. You know, the fact our relationship goes beyond anybody goes beyond anybody that's put a bid in for your house. If you wanna sell it to somebody, come holler at your boy. Come holler at your boy. No, don't holler at, Yeah. And no, you know what, that way I can, you know, if I had my, only if I had my plane, you know, I go to the bathroom on a plane in. Yeah, yeah.


Nah, I only wanna do one thing or the, I wanna do one thing on the airplane. And they got here in Vegas, they got a little run for 8 25 Ojo. You can become a member of the Mile High Club. They got a pilot. They got You saw it. I saw it every time I heard About that. Don't be surprised. Heard About that. Don't be surprised, Ocho, you look up in the sky and you see legs, that's your boy. Now what I'm saying though, now That, that'd be great content right there now. Yeah, That'd be great. Con that'd be great content. Matter of fact, Because I, I about, I'm trying to figure out who fit in them, who fit in an airplane laboratory, right? I mean, every time I, I'm knocking paper towels off the wall, I mean soap, water run.


I'm like, ain't no. Hey, it all depends how bad you wanna make it work. How make It work. That's all it comes down to right there. Now, hey one, hey, one of my, one of my, one of my favorite things, you know? Oh. When, when you say, listen, you can't it take two people to tango, huh? I don't, you know, I, I don't wanna spar, I don't wanna spar by myself. I don't wanna shadow box. I wanna spar with you. You hear me? I mean, you could fit in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. I mean, look at you Ocho. Any man that can look through a keyhole with both eyes.


Come on man. Y'all in there. I know you feel, You got, you gotta understand. You gotta, you don't understand how big I've got now. I'm not small no more, man. I'm, I'm rocked up right now. I'm sitting right. Hey, look, look at the size of my arms right now. Now man. Hey Chad. Y'all see how big I done got. Lemme til my camera down some sort to check and see. Tightest looked up Here. I'm glad they didn't hear him in the thing. He was in the room barking. He say, man, look at, Hey Chad. Look at the size of my arm. I see you buddy. I see you. I'm gonna gimme credit man.


I might be, I unc I might be bigger than you right now. Right. Thing look good. Thank you. Go to bed. Huh? What we get flagged if I take my shirt off? The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humid door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so Sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexie Brown and Mariah Rose, and we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.