
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I just wiped his runny nose on my jacket. And the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon One Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm Olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products. Get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Paul Molo. Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


This is Ashley TTI from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. What if I told you that Future Health can help you make weight loss resolutions come true. Long lasting weight loss results all for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new Year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Now through January 28th. Save up to 25% on all your favorite personal care essentials. Shop in store or online and stock up on all your favorite items like Treme, shampoo, ax deodorant, dub bar soap, dove, men's body wash, and dove dry spray and save up to 25%. Offer ends January 28th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


The


Volume. The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


is. Thank you guys for joining us. Again, y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Oak Shannon Sharpe, that guy. Liberty City, legend Bengals, ring of Fame, artery Provo of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. I just read an article today that t Higgins market is gonna be somewhere a little bit, a little north of 30 million a year on the free agent market. Yes sir. Now look, that's his choice. I think he's saying all the right things and you don't want to come because you know Ocho, if he go, oh, he's selfish. Why he selfish? Mike Brown made all that money. He ain't paid but a handful of people since he on the team.


You got, you, got you got you gotta talk to him. I I I can't say it no more. I mean you can you please tell the people in the chat? I'm sure we, I'm listen, I know we have a lot of Bangal fans in the chat right now. I I know we do. Can you please tell them the importance of your first contract as a player after you put all the work in to get to this point? And I, I know, I know he means well Yeah, I know he, I know he does. I I would love to see him stay. But you, you gotta say something 'cause I done said it. I don't think people listen to me. 'cause they've been arguing me down. You know, my, my fans, you know that I love Yeah, they've been arguing me down based on what I said. Maybe if they hear from you. Nah, I, i I don't know Man. The first contract, especially t Higgins was a, a second round pick if I'm not mistaken.


Yeah. Your first contract is what solidifies everything. Now that gives you, if you want to, down the road, Ocho, if you want to take a little less money or you wanna give 'em a little haircut. Now look, when I say give you a haircut, I ain't getting no damn baldhead now. I ain't getting no kojack. That's what you used to call the baldhead. What I was wrote up. OJ hey, the old man going, Hey, hey Green. Gimme that cojack. That meant that meant a bald head. Nah, I ain't getting no, I ain't getting no bald. Now if you say, okay, I'm gonna stay, I could go get 30 31 million as a free agent, now you gonna gimme 28 29. So when I projected out, that's about, okay, I'm gonna lose 10 million. I can, I, you know what Ocho with a couple of, with, you know, with a couple of incentives here or there, I do a couple of appearances, I can make that up.


Right. But when you tell me on the free agent market, I can get five years, 160 million with 80 million guaranteed. And what y'all can only get to is 120 million. Million. Oh hell no. 20 when you start, once you get past 20, 30 million. Right. I can't even hear nothing y'all saying. Yeah, I mean listen, Y'all bulling. I, I, yeah, listen, I can't give, because here's the thing, O Joe, If the networks where to go to the NFL and say, yes sir, don't cut us a deal. What you think they gonna say, Ocho? No, they're not getting no deal from the n The NFL is not giving because I I don't think y'all understand Chat.


Stay with me right here. Do y'all realize that even though like ESPN has paid 2.2 billion and Fox has paid 2 billion and all these networks, do you realize even on playing the 2 billion, the 1.8, the other 2.2 billion, that in order for ESPN to show video clips, they gotta pay for that too. Oh yeah. 11 minutes of video clips is about $2 million. Let that sink in. Chad, listen to me. 11 minutes worth of video clips. How many video clips do you think ESPN show in a day? Right? A Lot. How many of you think they show in a week? Same for Fox? Same for CBS, same for NBC. Same for Amazon.


Think about that. So I just think, hold on. It's like Ocho Yes sir. I go pay $200,000 for a car. You mean to tell me I gotta play for the umbrella that come in the car too? You can't gimme that as a discount. God dang. Yeah, I mean listen, listen, I, I just, I I don't understand and I, I I think about the nature of the business when it comes time to get paid for, for one, the teams aren't gonna come to you with your best interest in heart or in mind. They gonna low ball, they gonna low ball you. Of course they, they, they, they gonna low ball you. You know, I, I understand. I know the game that they're going to play as much as I love the game of football, but I understand the bidding war.


It's almost like Ocho this reminds you of like in the, in Pennsylvania, Montana, yeah. Marino, Namath. Yeah, Kelly, all of them from that little pocket. So many, you know what's old boy name Reba's? Yeah. From Aliquippa. Tony Dorsett. Aliquippa. I mean that, that little small little Pennsylvania, a lot of Hall of Famers came out of there. But this is, I mean, within 120 miles of each other, it'll be interesting. They probably, you know, chase and Jefferson, they probably know each other before you know, You know why they know each other trail. You know what I'm saying? Ocho Whatever, whatever, whatever parts of Louisiana they were from, they didn't just start getting good. They've been good. Yeah.


They've Been good way back then. Oh yeah. So obviously, right, you know, you know of players in different counties and in different cities that are playing well. So I'm sure they know each other, especially the seven on seven stuff when they were coming up was big. And I'm sure they crossed paths in those type of areas of environments. Chase is gonna win. The gonna win the Triple Crown. Jetta's having an outstanding season. He's over a hundred, a hundred catches. Yeah. Malik neighbors, he's on pace. Well the only thing is, is that he's got Brian Brock Bowers, who needs nine catches that set the single season record for tight ends.


He has eight four more catches than Malik neighbors. He has 1 0 8 s one That, that says a lot too. Man. That's a lot like, listen, I, Brock Bowers was the real deal at Georgia. He was a real deal. I didn't know what he would be in the NFL. We've, we've seen many players. We've seen many players Oh, I knew dominate, you know, at, at the college level and to get to L and absolutely disappear. Yeah. Brock Bowers is, everything is advertised, boy, everything is advertised. You know why I thought he Yes sir. You know why I thought he would be good Ocho? Because he's not a finesse tight end. Right? He's an old school. Put his hand in the dirt tight end.


That's tremendous run after the catch. He has great body control. He got great hands, can catch the ball in traffic. He's good run after the catch. Now is he Gronk? Is he Mark Ro or some of these big duck George Kittle? No, no, no, no, no. He's not that now. I'm not saying he's that, but he's a decent and what I tell guys all the time, are you more of an asset in the passing game than you are a liability in the run game? Because if you are, you can play, you can be special in this league. Because that's all I'm asking. And that's what I told. I said, Mike, I'm gonna be more of an asset than I am a liability. Now. Now if you want me to try to hold up against Reggie and straight hand and Bruce, all right, it ain't happening. So I'm gonna go ahead and tell you right now.


Go ahead and put somebody else in there. Yeah. And when it come to passing down, let me go on and get my little passes and I'll come on out. But they ain't gonna just wear me out all day long. I'm gonna get me a couple of wins. Right. And so that's the way you gotta approach it. But before leading receivers all within 120 miles of each other, chase, Justin, Jefferson, cd, lamb, Brian Thomas Jr. And Malik Neighbors for good measure. There's been speculation that the Raiders co co-owner Tom Brady really liked Brian Flores as a potential head coaching candidate. Yeah. Flores has done damage some amazing things with the bikes. Remember he, he was the defensive coordinator when they won the Super Bowl against the Rams right. In Atlanta.


And then he got the head coaching job at, at Miami. Okay. He was the linebacker's coach. When did he become to dc? He was, he was never the dc No. Okay. So he was the linebacker's coach that got the job. Okay. Because Patricia was the DC Okay. You like that? You like Brian Flores to be vices. Absolutely. Now listen, I think Brian Flores and what he was able to do with the Vikings defense, obviously the personnel and the, the talent and skill level may be a little different, little bit more upside when it comes to the Vikings defense. But I think it would be good. I think he, I think he'd be a good fit.


I don't like the fact that they're Byron or getting rid of AP when AP hasn't had a chance because he been going through a goddamn quarterback carousel and the goddamn merge around the quarterback. So it's hard to be able to, again, I say it all the time, you can't compete unless you got a quarterback. Just, you can't, None. Zero. You can't, there's zero chance He hasn't had a chance for opportunity. And who, who did he have? Who did he have Ocho, he had Jimmy g O'Connell Had Gardner Chu a O'Connell. Those, those, those are anybody else. Does anybody else remember? It's no disrespected him. No to them. Come on. But you know, we talk about tier two, tier three quarterbacks. Oh Bro, what am I supposed to do with That?


Nothing you can't do, unfortunately, You gimme chicken Putin and make me some chicken salad and I need it to be yummy. Nice. Yeah, you're right. I mean, I like Brian Flores. I think he, I think he's done a great job of rehabilitating himself, right? Because all the things that were coming out were weren't favorable. You hear two us say things, you hear Ryan Fitzpatrick say things. There's some other people that have come out and said some things. But that, look at the end of the day, Brian, if I would tell, all I would say is this be you, you're not Coach Belichick. And I think that is the one mistake made all the coaches under that tree as made, right? They try to be coach be No, that way of coaching wouldn't work in this area anyway.


Huh? If you look at, look at the guys that come out, Mike Shanahan, Kyle Shanahan Street, yeah, Sean McVay, Sean McVay, Matt LeFlore Flores, Matt LeFlore. Mm, Kevin O'Connell, Kevin O'Connell. Right. Mike McDaniels. Mike McDaniel. Don't nobody try to be like him. I don't know why when that's not your personality. When they look up there and they hear you sound like Coach Belichick, but they're like you. Brian Flores, you Matt, Patricia, you Josh McDaniel, you Bill O'Brien, you Charlie Wise, you Romeo cll. You are not him. Why? I try to be him.


So that would be my advice to him. I hope he gets another opportunity. Normally the second time around better Than where you go is very important. But you have some pieces you, you, you get to work with over there. You Jack Jones, max Crosby know you got some other young bull. Yeah, yeah. You got, you got, You got Christian Wilkins. Yeah, You got Brock Byer. You gotta get a quarterback. He gotta get a quarterback. And they got a lot of, now they got, well how much cap space did the Raiders have? Raiders got a lot of cap space. Now they gonna have a little dead cap space on there with Devonte Adams dealing and him, they gonna have a little dead cap space. But Don sure that's it. They got money. Yeah. I mean, listen, you don't wanna spend on anything you want.


Raiders got the second most money to spend, but You don't just wanna spend on anything you wanna spend on the right thing. I just, you know, I thought Jamal Adams should have, should have, should have stayed at the Jets. I don't know. Maybe it was in his contract. He wanted to get paid sometimes, bro. No, the grass ain't always greener. And, and and, and it's, it is really difficult. It's, it is rare. It's really, really rare OCHO that you can build up something here and then go somewhere else and it'd be the same. It's, it's difficult. And I remember having a conversation with a very, a very, a great player.


And he called me, he said, Kevin, what you think I should do? I said, I said, I'm gonna be honest with you. I said, where you thinking about going? They're never gonna love you. Like you, like they do where you are. I say never. I don't care what you do. Right. You're beloved where you are. You're just gonna be another piece. He stayed And, and, and I don't think enough guys realize that. Yeah. I mean, I get it Ocho like free agency and they won't pay you. But when you request things, I mean, it was fair is fair based on where he was at the time, being a safety, you gotta hit it when the stove is hot and the stove was hot for him.


Right. And the thing about it, 'cause think about, had he not did what he did at all and he had gotten hurt at then, he wouldn't have got that money. Jets are reportedly set to interview Ron Rivera and Rex Ryan for the head coach in vacancy at the Jets Ocho. Who would be the better fit? I'm biased, so don't ask me. You, You don't like Rex going back, Right? Nah, but I'm saying I I know Rex sexy Rex, he was on the staff in Baltimore. His dad came and worked me out when I was at, at the Bronc, not the Bronco. When I was in Savannah state, OCHO buddy, his dad rested soul, came and worked me out.


He said, son, I've watched the tape. He says, we are gonna take a bunch of receivers. He said, we're gonna put all their ass in the bag and the best ones are gonna play. Oh my God. Not what he told me. He drafted all those receivers and I remembered him telling me he is like, he said, I effed up. He said, we took a bunch of receivers, but none of 'em was you. They took Fred Barnet, they took yeah, like Calvin Williams and Mike Bellamy. They took like four receivers, don't you? None of 'em ain sharp. That's motivating. And it's, Oh yeah. That is motivating in itself.


Who you like befo? Do you like Ron Roberto or you like Rex Ryan? I like Rex. I, I don't think Ron has the, the right and personality's not the right word to use. He, he just doesn't fit the New York atmosphere. The New York meter. I mean the New York Rex been there, done that. He knows. He knows. Yeah, he definitely knows. He definitely knows how to talk to the media. He, he has the personality. Yeah. Ron, He's charismatic. He just doesn't fit. He just doesn't fit. I mean, good, good coach. He just doesn't fit in that atmosphere. I don't think that's what they need. So you, you like Ron mean like, I like go Back, especially like Rex.


Rex is a defensive mine as well too, right? If I'm thinking, Yeah. Yes, we definitely have that defense playing well. But lemme ask you this. What are you doing? Who, who are you bringing in as an offensive coordinator and what are you doing? See, that's the scary part. So it doesn't matter. You switch coaches if you don't have nobody at the him that can be able to get the ball and deliver that thing, it ain't no point. It ain't no point. You're signing, you're signing yourself up for suicide basically, which you're not gonna be able to compete where you don't have a quarterback.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my arm rest. Ugh. Next time make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Supply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


This is Ashley ATI from the Ben and Ashley Eye. Almost famous podcasts. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever, and for less than $3 a day, get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this New Year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Stock up on your favorite personal care items now through January 28th, and earn four times the points to use towards discounts on groceries or fuel shop in store, online or in the app for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Body Wash, Pampers Swaddles diapers, Venus Razors and Crest Complete toothpaste and earn four times points on your purchase offer ends January 28th. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Icho, check this out. The bills defeated the jets of 40 to 14. At one point the score was 40 to eight. Aaron Rogers had a 1.2 QBR today versus the bills. It was one of the worst 20 worst games by a quarterback in NFL history. It was the worst game since Davis Mills in 2021, the bills forced three turnovers notched the safety sacked Aaron Rogers. Four times Rogers had a pro a forgettable game with season lows and passing yards. 112 quarterback rating 44. Aaron Rogers benched himself in the fourth quarter essentially. Then you know what ocho, this is what he said.


I mean, it was 33 to nothing. We're sitting there and I said at some point you probably go to Tyron, huh? Yeah, probably should have went to Tyro about five games ago, huh? Oh, you know what? Hey Bills, I need y'all to gimme y'all vaccination status because that probably, that probably why y'all won. Hey, so I, can I ask you a question on, Hey Chad, can I ask you a question? Hey Chad, listen, listen to me. Yeah, sure. I love you. Good question. Then Anthony Richardson said he would fired in coming out the game and Aaron absolutely not, is saying, you know what?


I'm going to bench myself. I guess what, maybe based on my play when there's nothing wrong with it, is there any different? I'm just curious on, I'm gonna hear Chad, I'm curious on your thoughts. I'm I I I just wanna, I I I don't get it. I never heard of a player actually mention himself unless he's saying he bench himself and, and, and they, unless they actually did it. Yeah, no, that's not what he said. He said he went to the coach, basically Went to the coach. You said we're sitting there and I said at some point, probably go to, You can't say that you can't give up on your team in the middle of a game. No matter how magic playing, you still gotta keep fighting to the end. You have to. I'm Curious. So I'm just trying to figure out, I mean, but I, if in fact I, I hope they, they probably, they look, I mean, he, he done begged enough for a job or if they draft a quarterback, I would mentor him.


You know, that's not a conversation for me. I mean, he's begging to stay there. He know he's playing bad. And y'all giving, people have given him every excuse. And, and when you say that he's played bad, you're talking about his vaccination status. That ain't got nothing to do with him playing bad. That ain't got nothing to do. And that was four years ago. Ain't even nobody talking about Covid. He keeps bringing that up to try to, what he's trying to do, he's playing, he's playing the shell game with Jo Ocho. I'm Playing bad. You say let's talk about Covid. So you, so you trying say trying to Distract still? I see him with the right hand is what you're playing bad with. Okay. Right.


He tried to distract, that's why he keeps bringing it up. Don't nobody, don't nobody bring up that he misled people and see, you know, immunization. And he, you know, if he vaccinated, he immunized. Nobody brings that up. We're talking about your play in 2024, right. Has been abysmal. Right. There's no, there's no way around it. He playing bad. He's still a four time league. MVP, he's still a Super Bowl champ. He still has thrown 499 touchdowns. He's done all of that. And I say that, but he's played bad in 2024. There's no way around Chad, there's no around jet fans.


Right. Even the most diehard staun supporters of Aaron Rogers can honestly can't look Himself, himself in America. Played good 20 20, 20 first season was abysmal. It's been bad. It's been really bad. Does he get an opportunity to redeem himself next year? That's the question. I don't believe he redeemed himself in New York. That's just, that's just me. Right? I think, I mean, Woody Johnson, if the reports are to be believed that Woody Johnson tried to bench him earlier in the season, I don't know why you would bench him and didn't have him back mag. Now that's just my thought. Yeah, They, they, yeah, they're now, look, Owners have done things that made me scratch my head before, but all I know is this, they fired the coach, the, the officer coordinator.


We realized how still playing bad. Like I said, you know, play players, get players, get coach fired. No, but Ocho the thing is, is this is what you have to understand. When you a guy like that in, you basically turn the, you turn the organization over to it. Tampa did that for Tampa, did that for Brady. Broncos did that for Manning. The problem that you have to be careful with is that people, sometimes they have power, they'll abuse that privilege. It'll tell you a lot. Give a person p if you wanna know what a person, if people say, well give him money, give a person power.


Yeah. That, that, that, that'll tell you exactly who a person is. That's tell who you are. And Aaron Rogers has 499 career touchdowns. Suddenly 500 of luck. And certain things gonna be interesting to see. Does he play right? Does he start next week? Does he play next week? It's being reported that Garrett Wilson will reportedly request a trade if Rogers comes back as quarterback. I remember having a conversation with you this off season when they were in training camp and he kept talking to Roger. I said, Ocho, that's not a good sign. You said, oh, oh, you this just the preseason.


Right? I said, Ocho, I'm telling you. Right. Go. He keep talking. And I, and I don't blame him. Y'all keep telling me. All I know is that when I have left quarterback, I'm Saying He, he's not been being utilized the right way, but I know what it can do. I know what he can do. And there's nothing, there's nothing wrong with him. There's nothing wrong with him. But the quarterback break Yeah. Has been abysmal. And we've seen Aaron Rods before, be able to facilitate the ball and be able to dish it and deliver it to multiple players at a time. Because he did it for a very long time in Green Bay. Maybe he's just not the same quarterback we're used to seeing because there's no reason Garrett Wilson to be upset.


There's no reason Garrett Wilson with his talent, with his skill level and what he can contribute to that offense, there's no reason for this in his, his time, his young United in his prime yet is being wasted in New York. Wasted. It's, and and that's and that's, look guys, yeah, y'all look, Ocho has a little, is a different way. I just call it, like I said, I don't, I don't have anything personal against anybody. I don't think I'm better than anybody. I don't care what somebody else is doing. I just look at it and said, okay, the guy's playing good. The guy's not playing good. And let me try to tell, explain to you why he's not playing good or why he is playing good.


And so that's why I just don't look at touchdown, interception sack, blah, blah, blah. I'm trying to look at how it came. I'm trying to look at how it came to be. That's why we were able to look at the play and say, oh, that interception that y'all blaming on Russ. It is. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That wasn't Russ, that was Pickens. He quit on the route. And so once he quit on the route, the safety said, why the hell am I gonna get wide? But there's not a threat why? The danger is screaming up the seam. Here, let me just cheat this here. Okay, thank you. Thank you Russ. I appreciate that. And everybody like, Russ, how could you throw that? Had to say, had Pickens not quit on that route. Right. And he stayed wide. That means Reed would've had to stay wide and that means Fry Mo would've got over the top of it because he picked it.


You have to understand everything ties together. Ocho you, we are talking about from a standpoint of running routes, we know how things tie together. Right front side, we got a maybe the front side, we got a dagger. Yeah. Hoping that's safe to get nosy that we got the post on the backside. That's what they did with Dino. The Broncos ran Dino, the male Marvin Mills Jr. Safety is already outside. So I'm gonna get 'em a little further now. I'm gonna head back to the post. Safety ain't paying attention on the backside. Now I'm, I'm, I'm pastoring. So in offense, things tie together, right? It's, it's almost like, you know, rice and gravy, you know, so, you know, cornbread and this or potatoes and that.


They go together and so you try to see, okay, this went together. But guys, at some point in time, even, even, even our favorite players are not what they once were and they can't do it. Right. And that's the one thing is that you learn is that you can't do it consistently. Consistently. You could have a game or two. But Aaron Roger used to throw 300, 2 50. Aaron Rogers turned, hold on. How many interceptions did the man got? He probably got three seasons in 20 years in which he's had double digit intersections. Yeah. Roger was throwing 45 touchdowns with six picks. Yeah, 40 touchdowns with four picks routinely. Yeah. I'm not sure have hundred.


That's, I told you the other night I saw graphic Come up total. I saw the graphic come up and I'm looking, I thought, I'm like, man, what in the hell If he does, he might not have but 102. Oh yeah, he has the greatest touchdown to interception ratio in NFL history. So he has 499 touchdowns, that's 113 picks, which is crazy. That's why he's afforded opportunities, huh, Joe. That's crazy. Crazy Joe. That's, he's giving grace the quarterback Joe, because of that, where people understand it. And you know, they gonna use that as a crutch over and over and over. He's gonna get another opportunity to play. If, I don't know if it's gonna be New York, I don't know if it's gonna be in New York.


Knowing Aaron Robinson the way he is and the way he operates, he gonna want to come back. He gonna wanna come back. But here's the thing, Ocho as Yeah, Ocho as you get older, you don't get to make the decisions. Yeah. Think about it. Tom Brady didn't get to write his ending. Peyton Manning didn't get to write his ending. Montana didn't get to write his Emmett ending. Emmett Smith didn't get to write his ending. There are not very many guys, because once you get older, But we got a small problem. You don't get to write. We got a small, have a very small problem. Aaron Rods might not be able to write the ending.


Right? What's that? But They can't close the page on that chapter. Yeah. Because they don't have nobody to open the new book. Ooh. Yeah, they do. Why wouldn't you go back to Sam Donald? I like, you know, I, I like, did I like You see o ocho it's a lot. Sometimes, sometimes even in a relationship, the individual, the female or the male can be paralyzed because they're so afraid that somebody might not out there. What am I gonna do? Yeah, I know he don't pay. I know he beat on me. I know he cheat on me.


I know this, but I, am I gonna be able to find somebody else? Yes sir. You get paralyzed by that because you overthink said situation. Come on. I refuse to be in a situation like that. I refuse to, I am not going to let you hold me hostage. Come on. 'cause I don't see it right now. Something on the other side. Right? Because the jets cannot see, well, who's the quarterback right now that we can definitively say, are you saying that there's somebody out there that can be worse? I mean, are you telling me, you mean to tell me you can't find somebody out there that can go five and 11, I mean five and 12, that can go six and 10.


That can go seven and seven and what, nine and eight? Yeah, There. Yeah. You, they, you, you got to be kidding me. There are not no court of a chat. Tell me if I'm wrong. Do y'all believe that there's another, there's not another quarterback out there that can do what Rogers did this year. Now if you tell me you gonna gimme 20 20, 20 21 Rogers, that's bring his as without, without him. But that guy Ocho, that guy, you would be in the playoffs, but he's not that guy anymore. Carolina had Sam Donald and they had Baker Mayfield. I don't know if y'all know, but Baker Mayfield got like four or five games where he thrown four touchdowns this year.


Now he threw five today with over 300 yards. Sam Darnell threw three today he's thrown 35 touchdowns, which is the third most for, for, for a Viking. So I, I don't, so clearly, yeah, these guys can play given the right sort of circumstances. Now look, right, they were devoid of talent. They didn't have this level of talent in Carolina. So you have to take, look, I'm not saying that it's all Carolina fault, but Mike, Evan and Chris Godwin, you look at what they got in Tampa now, right? Even though Chris Godwin is going down, they still have quality receivers and they have a nice running game, right? You look at what they, what obviously look at what Sam Darnell's throwing too.


He got Aaron Jones in his backfield. He got Hawkinson who's been a, who's been a Pro Bowl player. He's got Jetta. He's got Addison, right? He's got Nailor. I mean, look, he's got guys that he can throw the ball to, but it just goes to show you, I don't care without talent around you. Now you got some guys, now guys like a Mahomes or guys like a, some guys could elevate like Brady, they used to Elevate, could elevate, you know, not if you in the league you are good, but everybody's not gonna be a Jetta. Everybody's not gonna be Randy Moss t and so forth and so on. But what a, a, a great quarterback like of Mahome, he can elevate those guys play. Yes sir. When you're not that level of player, you need guys to elevate your play.


And that's what the great skilled position players around you are able to do. Baker Mayfield has been, yeah, better since he got to Tampa than even when he was in Cleveland because he got more talent around him. Sam, Donna was never gonna be this good and, and, and the Jets and at Carolina because he didn't have this level of talent around it. And so if you go out and sign a Sam Darnell, look at what you have, do you have the roster that's equipped to help continue to elevate him? Because if you don't, he's not Mahomes, he's not Burl, he's not Lamar, he's not Josh Allen. That's not what he is. And I'm not Finn to sit here and tell you because he's having and he's having an outstanding year.


I, I, I give credit what credits due, right? But I don't look at him as a guy. That's a, a multiplier, right? That he, no matter who you put out there, Ocho, he's gonna make him times two. That's not what, that's Lamar that's, that's reserve for the top four or five quarterbacks in the league. That's not for you. One quarterbacks Or your or your elites that regards to what you put around 'em. Okay? They go always gonna get the job done or we get the job done. Then you have your, then you have your tier two quarterbacks, your tier two quarterbacks. Sometimes they need a little help. Now they're good, but they're not great. Now you put some, you put some good receivers around 'em. Yes. But they could have a game where they are, they can have a game or two where they are great you A rider, But more times than not you get, you need to have that hedge around them to support 'em.


Brock Bower's record setting day, pushing the Raiders to a win versus the Saints, the Raiders posted back to back wins. Yeah. For the first time this season with a 25 10 victory over the New Orleans Saints, rookie tight end, Brock Bowers led the Raiders in receiving with seven catches 77 yards and set several records. Bowers set an NFL record for the most receiving yards by rookie tight end in a single season. And the most reception by rookie in a single season hold on. The most reception by rookie in a single season in the Oh, in the second quarter, right? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, in the second quarter. Okay. In the second quarter. Okay. Bowers also set a, a Raider single season record for the most receiving yards by a rookie.


And the most receptions, I mean the, what's the record? The most reception by Titan is Jason Whitten. The hundred 16. One 16. What? Zach t They they was, they were dealing what? Because he has what, what does he have now? 108 Mm. Because I think Malik Neighbors has like 106. He is right there. Only him About Zach Ertz. Okay. Zach Ertz has one 16. Brock Bowers has how many? 1 0 8 now. So he's nine catchers away from breaking the record. Hey, all I know, I'm throwing in the ball. I'm throwing in the ball every day. I'm every day. Oh yeah. Oh, I forgot Pat Tain gonna get some votes too, because when he covered Jamar, chase had throw on what, six, seven targets.


He had three catchers for 27 yards. Get sort. And when, when Ctan wasn't on him. What you call Joey, Joe Burrow hunt him. Well, hey, oh, you on guard somebody else? Jamar get ready. Yeah, he So Ctan gonna get some, he he's gonna get some votes. He good man. Oh, He, he good. Oh, Joe, that's over Be that size to be that big. Yeah, they tall. Hey, listen to be that fluid. Yeah, he tall. Tall. He like six two through The air, great hips, great technique. He can play off, he can play man. He's really good and always in position to make a play.


Always in position to make a plate. I like him. I like him a lot. The Volume


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey To get started, try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed, you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste you can't resist. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Hey guys, as you know, I've been taking some time off drinking, but when I go out, I wanna be able to hang with the boys. So I've been checking out some non-alcoholic beer options and Heineken zero Zero was the perfect drink for that. Yeah, buddy Heineken zero Zero is the official brew of endless possibilities because with Heineken zero zero, now you can, whether at the office, pre or post workout, or relaxing at home, being 0.0%. Alcohol means you can enjoy this alcohol free option. Whenever refreshment calls Heineken, 0 0 0 0.0% alcohol, 100% taste only 69 calories. Now you can available at your local Heineken retailer or for delivery@heineken.com must be 21 plus to purchase. Enjoy Heineken responsibly.