
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care, The Volume.


Okay. Before the game, JJ Red stormed out of the press after a question about substitution. He took offense to a question that basically asked if he will lean on his assistant co. If his assistant coaches, when it comes to help with substitution. Substitution, excuse me. Are you saying that because I'm inexperienced and that it was inexperienced decision that I made? You don't think I talked to my assistant about substitutions every single time out? That's a weird assumption. You stormed out. I would've stormed out too. Yes. I have no choice. Yes, I talked to my assistant. Hell, my assistants know too. We don't have a choice. How many times Lemme ask you a question, Ocho, lemme ask you a question.


Ocho, how many times have JJ Reddick been a coach in the NBA? I think that's a very valid question because he is inexperienced as a coach. You know what? And it's a very all, all he had to do because if he leaned on his coaches, yes, I lean on my coaches. That's a part of like when we have a time we put together. So what do you think, how does Ru, how does Rui look? How does doe look? How does LeBron look? How does, first of all, that's LeBron and Luca is on the, they already said LeBron at the six minute mark. You're coming out to get a blow for two to three minutes. We'll put you back in Luca if it's really good and we are up 10, 12, you might come out the last minute of the first quarter.


So that way we can still ahead a minute or so. 'cause we get to tide the TV time out. So you get one minute there, you get another other minute or two there, and then we gonna let you sit for four minutes. So we gonna steal some time. Everybody else is on a rotation. Like, okay, hey, pull him. Get in. Yeah, but I don't Think, you can't get mad when people ask you questions. Ocho That's the part about being a coach. Yeah, I understand that. Even though being a coach but also being a reporter, it's about watching the game also being a reporter. It's about understanding. Well, hell, we are in a position if I'm a Lincoln reporter, damn we do gotta keep look at them in there. We do gotta have 'em play all four quarters. 'cause we not getting up now that don't look big the game like that, don't you? My job is that, my job is to ask you questions.


What's going on? I I understand. I'm, I'm just, I'm just seeing it from the lens on both sides. No, you seen it from the lens of the player and you hear up fed that somebody questioned the goat. Yeah, I mean you Right, but I mean just, you gotta realize, most of these reporters OCHO have never played, they've never been in the huddle. They've never had the sub You talk. And so we look at, we athletes look at the game totally different than the lay person or the casual fan. Especially if we're professionals. We understand. Well why you call that dumb play, you think I called it? Because I, I didn't want to get no yards. Right. Hey, what's the play we got that's gonna lose a four yard? Yep. Call that one. Hey, hey.


What? Hey what that play that we got that Pete that's gonna call Joe the airball that shot up dribble the ball on the pound. Yeah. That's the play I wanna run outta this time about of course not normally, normally your assistant coaches and now it, it is a lot of 'em nowadays, but normally your assistant coaches stay in the head coach's ear. You have a head assistant and he keeps coaching intact as far as, okay, look, o of them been out there 12 straight minutes. We might need to give him a blow. You know what I mean? So, yep. Normally your assistant is always an extension of the head and he normally probably Scotty Brooks, I'm thinking Scotty Brooks is his leader then Nate. Yeah. So they may tell you like, well, I got profiles, You know what I mean?


Like, we can't, we, we might wanna take him out and give him a break. So for him to go with them guys for that extended period of time, he probably just like, forget it. Yeah. I don't think he had no trust in any of those guys coming off their bench. He felt he was gonna go with his big guns and he stuck with Yeah. Dang. But hey Anthony. But as a, but as a co, but Oh Joe. But as a coach, You know this, when it goes well, your genius. Yes. When it doesn't go well, you're gonna get second guessed. That's how it is. That's a, that's a part of it. You know, when somebody, if somebody asks you, you, you play a quarterback and somebody asks you what you saw, you can't say, I saw what you saw.


I hope you didn't see what I see because I, I look in this, in this downing distance, this area of the field. This is what they normally play. I thought I had, this guy made a great play. You know they study film too. They get paid. You do, You know, You know they play other, they play other players. I was quick to tell my coaches that. I tell Mike that all the time. I say, Hey, You know that guy got paid too now. Right? He picked up his check on Monday just like I did. So don't think, hey, I'm the only one getting paid and they just found this guy. He, he jumped on the back of a truck somewhere. Nah, bro, he in the N NFL too. He here for a reason because sometimes I think coaches realize, hey, any, and I, and I tell this all the time, Joe, anybody in a professional league has the ability to make anybody else in a professional league look bad.


I don't care if it's the best, best baseball, best basketball player against the whatever somebody might think is the worst. He still can light his ass up. Absolutely. A receiver that you're like, man, who is this key? Hold on, what game was that? Oh, McConkey. Woo. Remember that playoff game? He was cook it, don't you cooking boy, get everybody the business you were cooking. Yeah. See that's what I told you. That's what I tried to tell Joe. What? That's what I tried to tell Joe. I I, I tried to tell him, You know, you take one of the better athletes of all time, You know I'm talking about me, me playing you one on one. Oh man, here we go. You feel, Hey listen, I'm gonna tell you when I go by you, it's a reason why they call you ice school.


'cause you gonna be by your damn self trying to guard this ain this ain what you want. You gonna need plenty of help, brother. Trust me. Huh? You need a bit of help. Hey, you trust me. Once I get you out there in space at the top of the key is a wrap. I can get it. I put the ball on the floor and listen. I'm gonna get my shot. I'm gonna get to my spot. Me, IRA, I seen, I seen you play already. What you talking about? No, you ain't seen me when you saw me play. You know you can't do nothing with me. In the worlds of Florida Evans. Damn, damn, damn. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me. I am your favorite.


A Shannon Sharp. The guy that's coming into your screen is my co-host Liberty City Legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And because he wanted to cash in on his dinner, he wasn't supposed to come on until Friday. He like, Hey, I wanna come on tonight. Here you ladies, gentlemen Arkansas's own ISO Joe Johnson. Good to have you. Please make sure you hit the subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you so much for your support. Thank you so much for your continued support. Thank you guys for being so accepting of Joe.


He's done an unbelievable job. We look forward to having him in the fall full time as our regular basketball contributor. But thank you for all your support and your continued support. Make sure you go check out Shade by La Portier now if you cannot find it, any city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. It's the best testing V-B-S-O-P on the market. It's tried and true and it's been tested by you, the consumer. So we'll ship it to you. Please drink responsibly and stay safe while you're out there. Check out my media company page on all of it platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat.


Supplies are limited, so get yours while supplies labs because once they're gone, they are gone. Tickets for our Not Safe Work tour are on sale. Our eight stops goes as follows. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC Chicago. And we'll close things out in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Shehe media.com/tour. That link is pending in the chat. Also. Can't wait till you see our guest line up. Hey, it's gonna be really, really fun. Make sure if we are sitting near you, come out and check out your favorite on in N ocho. You won't miss it. You don't wanna miss it.


Go get your tickets now. The Tea Wolves knock out the Lakers. God, I was pressed for time. What I meant to say, Lakers going home in five. That's what I meant. But y'all, You know y'all, y'all don't let me finish my phones. Don't let me finish my sentences. If somebody would've told me, Joe, that Ant man was going to struggle shooting the ball tonight and they were going to win this game because Rudy Gobert was gonna be one of the few guys in a playoff game to have a 2020 game. I went down and said, okay, I like that Rudy Gobert came into the game averaging three points and six rebounds on a on the night. And he gave you 27 and 24. He gave you nine offensive rebounds.


They had, they had 18 offensive rebounds. They crushed the Lakers on the glass, 54 to 37, 18 to eight on the offensive end, 36 to 29 on the defensive end, or a total of 54 for the wolves, 37 for the Lakers. And you get a man shooting five of 19 for 15 points. You got Jayden Daniels that was in foul trouble. He ended up fo out with only eight points. Mike Conley did hit a big three down the stretch, but he only had eight points. But again, it was the undoing of their bench. They got 22 points from their bench. The Lakers got four. I'm gonna say this and I'm gonna turn it over to you, Joe. JJ stubborn for him not to play Jackson Hayes to play Maxi Cleaver who hadn't played, I don't know the last time he played.


And you play him. And a lot of these guys like, and like I'm saying, I'm not saying it would've made a difference, but it's like, you're not, don't play the guy at all after Rudy because you put LeBron into four. You're so small. You are really, really small. 'cause LeBron is six nine. So LeBron is the tallest guy you got. And Rudy just was playing tap, tap, tap, tap, tap. What did you like, how did, how were the wolves able to win this game on a and and on the road in a hostile, I think the T Wolves really knew it was at stake tonight. You know, knowing that they wanted to try to go and get this over with, You know, the Lakers looked so lethargic on to start the game. It's like they did seawood, no sense of urgency.


Seas had all the energy, they had the sense of urgency as if they was on the brink, You know what I mean? And they kind of controlled the, the whole entire game. It was, it wasn't one time in the game to where I thought the Lakers, You know, even though they made that little surge in at the end, yeah, got a one point lead. But I never felt threatened that they was gonna win the game. I'm gonna be honest, they just had no fluidity offensively. No, no chemistry. It was just pick and roll, try to exploit bro in the post. And man, even though Antman didn't, he didn't shoot well, I thought he put a lot of pressure on those guys and Rudy won the game for you. This is why you probably put Dorian Finn Smith at the five because you really want to eliminate Rudy. You want to get him to where he can't play because he, he, he's, he's bound to have a game like this to where he can win you a game.


And tonight, I mean man, everything was falling his way from the LOBs, the put backs just being aggressive. Randall probably, I give him the game, but I know Rudy was special tonight, but Randall, they have no answer for him when they run the pick and roll and get a mismatch. Even if they play great defense, he's still banging 'em one time, getting to a great shot. You know what I mean? Yeah. So their interior just has no presence. And we knew this coming into the playoffs, we knew they had no interior presence. And tonight, yo man, they, they got wore down in this series. And the young t wolves took advantage, man of, of a wounded animal because they didn't have ocho. You and I talked about this Ocho, I said Ocho, they don't have a big Yeah, I said if they, if they run into somebody with a big that can punish 'em, we were looking at, I was looking at from a standpoint, well, okay, okay, if they run into a yo Yes sir.


Or if they run in, and I'm trying to think of the bigs that was in there. Maybe if they run into sink shit. Yeah, but I wasn't thinking about Rudy Gobert because I don't think of Rudy Gobert as an offensive weapon. Wow. This was Rudy. Rudy Go's, 27 points play out. Career high 24 rebounds playoff career high. You I'm gonna go, I'm gonna let you have it out. Yes sir. Players with at least 25 points and 20 re and 20 rebounds on 75% field goal shooting. How you like these names? Shaquille O'Neal Will Chamberlain, Moses Malone. Ho Grant, Wes Sel. Rudy Gobert. What's up? Shaq. MVP Wilt four times MVP Moses three time MVP Ho Grant was a very important co to a championship in Chicago and in the, at the Lakers, west Unsell.


He just happened to have been rookie of the year and MVP in the same season, but also in the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was, I thought it was great tonight. I thought Rudy was great. He, he's in there with some of the greats now, You know, and he gave the Lakers, he gave him problems tonight. Uncle Ocho, You know, they, they had no, but I thought he played great off of Randall and Edwards, You know what I mean? Meaning by their aggression getting to the basket, whether it's him getting put help, that kind of got him going. 'cause he scored it, opened it up because now you come to help you come, guy gets beat, you go to help you see him lobbing. Because here's the thing, they didn't run down one place. Nah. All he did was get, he caught LOBs and he got it off the rim and dunk.


And he got something early. He got, he got a couple easy layups and dunks early, which kind of got him going. And he kind of carried that throughout the whole night. And defensively he was a monster. Blocking shots, all turn shots and offensively. He was just a cleanup man. Yeah. What, what you like go, Hey listen, not only was it a cleanup man, to piggyback on what Joe talk about. Listen, when you get cut and they tell you not to get an ocean, they tell you not to get an ocean for a reason. Because once shark smell blood in the water, well they coming to get you and the timber will smell. They, they smell blood the night a game like this, three one, You know, you got to put some type of effort, some type of intensity going forward. The Lakers came out, they came out flat, they came out flat.


The wolves had already beat them, beat 'em at home before. So coming to, again, coming into the hostile environment, they already got confidence because listen, we've already done it before, so what's the chance that we can do it again? The likelihood is probably good. Even with Anthony Edwards not having the type of game he has to have. You have the unlikely person that comes out and wins a game for you. Woodie Gobert, he dominated both, both ends of the court neutralize it. La la drives having PE feasting on second chance points. Fucking looking bad. It's looking bad. Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious.


That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care. The Pistons go to New York and beat the Knicks. Cade Cunningham. 24 points, eight rebounds, eight assists are so Thompson 22 points, oh eight of 10 field goals, seven rebounds, two blocks to bi Harris 17 8 4 blocks.


Jalen Durham, nine points, 14 rebounds, 60 cents, two blocks. The game is really, really close. The Pistons have scored 421 points. The Knick 4 29 rebounds, 180 Pistons are dominated in this category. 180 2 to 1 48 plus 34. Three points made three pointers made. 44 for the Pistons, 47 for the Knicks turnovers. Had it not been for turnover, Detroit might have done won this series. No, Joe, 70 turnover to 46 points in the paint. 1 1 76 to 180 in favor of the Knicks. But the games have been very, very close.


Yeah. And who knows, had they called that file Sunday? Yeah, we might be having a different conversation today. Yeah, we might be even, even with them squandering away the 21 point lead with letting, letting the Knicks go on their 21. That 21 old nothing run. But I think this has been a even season. This is, these are two teams who are pretty, even to me if you ask me, but Detroit is just so gritty. The biggest discrepancy. What I see is in the free throws. Huh? Detroit. Detroit shot 16 for 27 tonight. I mean, or the Nick shot 16 for 27, 50 9% and Detroit was 26 for 36 from the line.


The Knicks Miss 11 free both of Nick Miss 11 free throws shooting. 59% from the line. You lose by one you like, damn, they out there competing man. I think, I think Detroit has kinda wore a niche down a little bit. If you just want me to be honest, like this is a bruising series. I mean you look at Brunson, I ain't Think you was gonna come back for the game in Detroit, but he did and they end up winning. And I think it's just kinda, You know, as game go on, You know, I think he kind of wears him down. That's why I say early in the series, you wanna pick him up full court bump and grind all that. By the time we get to game 6, 5, 7, yeah, he gonna be broke down a little bit. No. Yeah. Tf don't warm down during the regular season playing in 43, 44 minutes a night.


Yeah, regular season. That's what stop, because in the playoffs it continues. It's not like it stops in the playoffs, You know what I mean? He only got a rotation of seven, eight guys and you ain't got really that's in the regular season. He might cut that down to six in the postseason. You know, all they guys were pretty average today. They didn't have nobody who kind of, You know, stepped up and separated themselves to, You know, be able to pull this win off. Yeah. But this one, I think this one going seven man. And I got Detroit pulling out at seven. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You got Detroit. I got Detroit winning this one, Joe. Man, as You know, the Knicks are not gonna lose this. I listen, I know they, they squandered tonight. Listen, the Knicks had what, 13 turnovers they missed 11, 11 free throws, nigga Jalen Brunson the car into town.


They were nine, nine for 30, You know, shooting Night Brunson only scoring 16, I think what Townes ta Townes had 17. I think it was more so the turnovers, even though they, they, they barely lost. I don't think Jamie Brunson has another game like this. He never had another game like this. This was the down game for him, You know, scoring, scoring 17, 16 tonight. But I, I don't, I don't, I don't see, I don't see them losing this game and I mean, excuse me, losing this series, You know, it was just a bad night's night. It was a bad night. They tired man. They look well down to me. I'm gonna be honest with you. And to play another, gotta go back to Detroit now and, and play, play in Detroit, travel all I, I think they, I think Detroit doing what they want as far as wearing them down, You know, making this a long series is out.


It's gonna be in Detroit's favor. Yeah. I don't know if you look at the bench shooter is coming in, giving great minutes. Nice elite Beasley Beasley is giving them tremendous minutes. They had 26 bench points. They outscored 'em on the bench six 19. So they outscored, they outscored 'em 26 to 19 on the bench and you'll see the difference in the ball game. But I think mcgruder comes in, he does a great job. He gets Kade Cunningham off the ball, he's making timely shots, he's distributing the ball. Malik Beasley's coming in, making some timely threes. I love Ur Thompson. I love the way he played. He's aggressive. He could, he could. Hey, and he's a two-way player.


He can pick you up full court. Hey, he can put the ball on the floor, get to the rim or he's rebounding. I i, this day JB Bickerstaff has done an unbelievable job with this team and you can see why he was in the running for Coach of the Year. I get Kenny Atkinson one, I got no problem with that. They were the best team in the east record wises from start to finish. But what JB Bickerstaff has done with this team. Oh yeah. And to get them into the, the sixth C and get them in a situation where they could possibly get out of the first round. He's done a heck a heck of a job and he should be commended because these young guys now they get one more piece. I still believe they're a piece away from truly, truly contending.


But they got some young guys, what they got 45 rebounds. They got a rebound a little bit because, but You know you've got a seven foot cat, you got a 6 11, 7 foot Mitchell Robinson. Yeah. And they just got the one big, but give those guys credit, I thought they were gritted and even though when the Knicks went on that run and passed them up, that's a young team on the road and they kept it together. They kept their poise and they ended up coming back, going their own run. Take the lead lead and never look back. Right. They they were special man. They were special. You gonna have to give, You know, you gonna have to look out for Detroit, give him credit. I don't think K didn't play a great game. He was six or 17 from the field, but for the most part, You know, he controlled the game. I love his aggression.


Yes. 12 free throws made 11 of them. So it lets me know, You know, he ain't just selling for Joe. The aggressive getting to the cup. But yeah, like you say the Thompson kid, eight for 10, You know him getting to the line. He was six for 12 from the line, but he's being aggressive as well. So, You know, Detroit has enough to advance out this series. They just got to be poised and patient, You know, especially down the stretch in closing these games. Hold on, hold on. That's the difference. Hold on, hold on. Go ahead. Go ahead O Joe. Hey, hey Young. Hold on now because this is, this is the second time I heard Joe say this. And not only you saying that Detroit is gonna close this series out in seven, but you're saying it but confidence, like how, how, how much do you really believe in in the Pistons?


I'm, I'm just curious. I believe I believe in 'em a lot. Ocho they young, they, they ready for the moment. They understand the moment. I mean they done went in the, they done went in the garden and won two games, bro. I mean we talk, we talk about, we talk about Big Body Brunson, right? Carl, Anthony Towns, Josh Hart. Yeah. You sure? You sure about that? Them boys. Them boys nice. They play hard. I, I like it, but I think they run down o I'm gonna be honest with you man. Okay, well I'm, I'm saying you, you, you willing to put some money on that or Oh man, I know you probably still owe up, man, I, I don't even know if I bother. You still do. I'm sorry to bring up somebody to get in somebody else's pocket, but it's hard for me to bet with you, brother. I'm sorry. I don't dunno what you want from me.


Come on. Alright. Ch check this out. Check this out. Shut it out. Let's say, let's let bet 5,200 bet 52. Oh man, I, Hey, hey, hey Joe. He trying to move, he trying to move on you. Yeah. Hey, hey. Nah, I ain't going oto. You can try somebody else, bro. Hey, hey, hey Oto. I might have something for you though. They got this pickleball tournament man. And I need a Oh, I know you gonna do nothing with them hips. You ain't gonna move around with Nah, I got nothing for you got, I got bad hips and bone on bone in my left.


Cho ocho a hundred grand to the winning team Ocho. Oh, well who gonna beat the hell out y'all? Well who am gonna play with you gonna play with me? Hey, yo. Beat the hell out. Y'all see, he don't even know you, his partner. Hold on, hold on. Hey Joe. Boy, you seen me play tennis, right? I ain't seen boy listen, I play but listen, I, I'm telling you, I listen, I lie for you before I lie to you. Now I could play some tennis if the clips, you can see the clips and the uncle vouch for me. People in the check can vouch for me. I played tennis growing up. I'm very good at tennis. So switching the pickleball. Hey, I'm gonna be all over the court, bro. I'm telling you Joe, you just asked that man. You say, Hey Ocho, come down here and play this.


You got this pickleball tournament? Yeah, I thought, I thought it was solo. I thought it was so Ocho say who won that team No more. Hey, hold on. What's the date? Let let me know. I'm on, it's it's in the Hamptons though. Ocho it's in the Hampton Sag. Horrible. Upstate, upstate, upstate. Who don't worry about it, Joe. If I, wait, wait, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm learning about history. I'm learning about my history. What, what a he It's upstate New York. Oh, that's right there. How far, how far that from the Bronx? Like Queen. Oh, how far that is? You got a helicopter? I ain't getting on the helicopter out there. Oh, you could drive it probably.


I I I'm assuming it's probably a couple of hours. A couple, maybe an hour, hour and a half? Yeah. Oh, okay. But your lateral movement like that. You like that boy, you ain't a boy. You better go, you better YouTube. Me, boy. Feet don play. Hey listen, expect, listen, I, I play tennis on the big court. My ladder movement is phenomenal. It's like I'm still 22 years old. Right. But then you think about pickleball, the court is so small, so it takes me again from one end to the other if I'm playing solo in like three steps. Yeah, yeah. So my, my short area, my short area quickness is still there. Nothing has really changed. I'm still, I still got my, I'm still real twitchy, so I'm excited. Just let me know the dates so I can block those off. I got you.


I'm ready. Yeah. We gonna get Yeah. Wait, how, wait, how, how much? How much? How much? We went? A hundred thousand. It's, it's, it's 90 minutes. It's 90 minutes. It's a 90 minute drive. We Oh. Oh, that, that ain't bad. The hint a lot. But most people, most people owe you, most people take the helicopter. Nah, I ain't buying. No, no, no, no. Because that sound, that sound like it costs too much. I drive, I can get a renter car for $60. I promise you if you got a house in the Hampton, you not worried about no cost, no helicopter. You probably own the helicopter. Hey, hold, wait, wait. Time my time. I hold it. The Hamptons like for the rich folk, huh? Yeah. Yes, Joe, you got, you got a house. I got some people over there. I know some people who know some people, You know what I'm saying? Like, we good. Okay. I like, like, like rich, like rich people.


Huh? I know some people. Ocho ar You know, you, we gonna have plenty of room. We got some room now. You know, y'all can come down and have Yeah. You know, I mean, when is, when is, Hey it in June, when is it I'm gonna give y'all the day. So I'm gonna send y'all today. So I'm gonna have, y'all might, I'm like, hey, I need, I need a, I need a place so I can let my hair down and I can relax and laugh at ocho. When he go out there in the ball, he in his head. Oh no. Now, now You know, I know how to place the listen. Hey Joe. Ping pong. Ping pong. I'm the Liberty City ping pong champ in Overtown too. I'm Ping, I'm hell, I'm, I'm, that's be ocho Ocho who you think they call to train the Asian to play table tennis Ocho.


Wait, who? Oh, you can't play no table tennis. You can't even see you wear glasses. Hey, sound like, Hey, hey Chad, Chad, do me a favor, Chad. Y'all send Joe on Twitter and Instagrams send him some clips of me playing tennis so he understands how good I am. All right. Okay. All right. Yeah, yeah. Pickleball you ain't good. But I like, I Joe, I agree with you. I think this gonna be a seven game series. I do think, I think the Pistons gonna tie this thing up. Three three and they're gonna come back. Now this is not gonna be a good look for the, for the Knicks if they lose this series, because remember they had to lead on, on the last year they had to lead on the Pacers and the Pacers win game six.


And then they go in into Knicks and go in the game seven and they blow 'em out on their home court. Woo, all no tips lose this one. Might be you might be in trouble. Ain't be in the hot seat. But yeah, that's, that's, that's, that's just my gut feeling. I like how the piss playing look, every game you ain't gonna win. Every game is not gonna be pretty, you gotta win some ugly games. You know, I, and I think tonight was one of those ugly games that they ended up pulling out and that ain't nothing but You know, more experience for they young team over there. Especially on cold. Yeah. It's one thing to win a closed game at home, but you go on the road into a hostile environment. Yeah. We don't understand what Madison Square MSG we understand what that is and that's a gritty team.


The Knicks. And to go in there and get a hard fought victory. Pistons got a lot of confidence. The Celtics blows out the magic game five. Jason Tatum was sensational. 35 points, eight rebounds, 10 assists. Celtics are seven one all time in the playoffs when they record, when he records 10 assists. Jason Tatum's last three games. He went 35 8 and 10 37, 14 and 3 36, 9 and four. He's playing like that. And then you got Jalen Brown gave you 23 or six. It's gonna be hard stopping him. Hey, hey. And, and it, You know what, and, and Joe, it is, it is almost unfair man. Still it, yeah, it's, yeah, it's almost unfair just watching him.


I I I think about fair play when it comes to salary cap and, and it's like how do you have all these players? Not only do you have all these players that are good, not, not just the starting five, the goddamn bench comes in. Yeah, Payton, prince Sam Hauser. Yeah. And they, and they don't miss a beat. Obviously the game of basketball is a game of runs, but you don't feel bad about Southern or having people come in and out the game because you understand what you're getting. Once your starters go out, it, it, it's unfair. And I it, I I hate to jump the gun, but I'm, I'm sure it's fair for me to be able to say, and I'm sure the chat would agree with me, that the cel are probably gonna end up winning the NBA championship again.


And if they keep, if they keep, if they keep the same squad together, there's a chance they win that motherfucker again next year too. It's possible. It's possible. The guys coming off the bench, man, they barely missed shots tonight. I mean they, they wasn't playing with Orlando. They was ready to close. So man, man, Orlando had a lead and next thing I know they're down by 20. I'm like, what? Hell, You know, because hey, I couldn't get in the game. So I'm watching, I'm watching on my phone and You know, the thing is, and it don't go. So, You know, I, I forgot. Did I hit the little back arrow Ojo that thing? No, no. What happened? And Orlando need a, they need a point guard over there with Ben car and Wagner involved.


Yeah. Yep. They need, they do they need a, they do PG over there. Jalen Suggs and Dorm, the point guard. I don't know why did he play Cole? I, I don't know. Cole Anthony might have been hurt. Might been, I take decent minutes. He gave him some decent minutes. Not above though, but I'm saying he didn't play a whole lot. The series. He played this, it seemed like he played this game out. Desperation. You know what I'm saying? It's like we like, let's, let's throw all we got because he ain't been playing on the record. 'cause I watched him like, well dad, what songs I know, excuse me. Anthropy s Suggs up. Is Nick currently? Yeah. Jalen Brown had 23.6 rebounds. Boston has won 16 straight playoff games when he scored 20 or more points.


That's crazy man. They got a two headed monster. 'cause think about it, Noah, you got JT and jb you got Derrick White that can give you solid 20. You got Ingas that can give you 20. You got holiday that's gonna play on both ends of the court and can give you somewhere 12 to 16. You got Al Horford Big Al ain't no tell. Hey, he gonna play Outstanding defense. He gonna rebound for you. He gonna get some shots, You know, can give you double digits. Then you get paid Prince coming off the bench, you get cold Hauser coming off the bench. They, they, they, they got a a a cornet. They got a bunch of guys chipping in man. A bunch of guys chipping in. That's that championship pedigree. They know they roles, they play it to the tee. They star in April. Rules. It's gonna be tough to beat them in a seven game series.


I don't care who you are. J Reddick said fatigue wasn't a factor in the Lakers lost Sunday night. Reddick became the first coach to use the same fire for an entire half up game since at least 1998. As far back as substitution tracking goals, JJ said today our two best players missed layups at the rim. And I don't think they missed Lays because they were tired. I spoke to everyone yesterday. They would've potentially played the second half. And they all understood there was no issue with that. Lo has LA has been outscored 1 0 5 to 69 in the fourth quarter, this series, they're shooting 25 of 78 of 32%. Hey ung, that's fatigue. Yes. Hey ung, the the famous phrase when you play sports fatigue makes a, makes a fool of us all makes hours of us all.


But yes, that, yeah, that, that, that, that, that too easy. Layups, easy layup, easy layup, layups. That's fatigue. Lack of concentration, lack of focus. Yes. One of the easiest shots to make. That's fatigue. Yes. Come on man. Come on, come on J come on man. LeBron, listen, I don't care what LeBron says, I don't care what he says he's playing. He played 46 minutes on 40-year-old legs. There's a reason why he only took two shots. He had zero points in the fourth quarter. Yeah. He was exhausted. Hey, in his physical Luca played. Yes, because you gotta bang Julius Randall, you gotta chase somebody.


It's not like you just standing out there like you a traffic cop. Right, right. And look, you see Airman out there taking the challenge, they having a whole shoing match out there that take energy bro to do that. You know he ain't run. Oh yeah. Just walk down to the block catching on your spot and get comfortable. He fighting and then now if you fighting me down to this spot, by the time you get the ball, you gonna be a little exhausted. And that's that whole plan, just wrestling wha down man. You can't play no whole half of no NBA basketball, play off basketball and don't Think you with that intensity with the focus that's required. Stretch. Yeah. That, that, that I I say that definitely was fatigue for me. I mean I just seen Catalyst mistake for sure. You know, catalyst mistakes and what, what were they, what was he supposed to say?


Of course you're not gonna say fatigue because you allowed those guys to play that many minutes. Right? So that would make you look bad. Of course you're not gonna say fatigue was a part of it because it was your decision. I disagree. I think most people would disagree with you that fatigue was an issue. There's a re if if if it, if fatigue wasn't an issue, team would be playing that guy 40 for 24 minutes in the second half all the time. Nobody does that. Yep. Nobody does that for reason, sir. But, but, but listen but listen, unc hey UNC and Joe, nobody does that for a reason. But in the Lakers situation, they don't have a choice but to do it, this doesn't happen. They even have a chance. They got six points from the bench. They got six points from the bench and theoretically it wasn't a bench because Fannie Smith played the entire second half.


So the problem that they're running into is that Minnesota is able to play Rudy Gobert for 20 minutes. They can't play Jackson, Jackson Hayman for six. So now you bring, now you put LeBron at the five. Now he has to bang Julius Randall or he has to, You know, so, so at some point in time, Gabe Vincent Jackson Hayes, yeah. He lost all confidence and don't connect 'cause he doesn't don't connect his DNP coaching decision. Yeah. And he might get help him by spacing the Floyd and knock it down some threes. But he can't remember his defensive assignment. He can't remember the rotation of what he's supposed to do. Do I hedge, do I go with the road? What do I do? Do I, do I and I think so JJ I think it's a lot of pressure on the perimeter guys too.


Austin Reeves, Luke. Yeah. It's a lot of pressure on them. Not only the score but to defend, lemme tell you something. In in this atmosphere, playoff atmosphere, if you can't guard the first dribble or two to give, to give yourself some time to where we can at least get eyes on the man or give you a little help, then when you getting beat off the first move Ocho man, we can't get help that fast enough to help you man look, they getting the paint, they getting in the teeth eye defense and doing whatever they want. 'cause look, if they get past the guards, our back line defenses bro and do Finney Smith and yeah. Oh ru yes. And then like, You know, you have no, you have no rim protection.


You know, you, you, you, you in scramble mode every defensive possession and it's just tough man. It's just gonna be hard for 'em to win. I think the size that, that the Timberwolves have may taken advantage of it. Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow up for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I agree with you Joe. I think the thing is what's happening is that first of all, Luca can't stop nobody after first dribble. So they getting around him. And so when you bring help guys getting, put the guy that's in the dunker spot of getting wide up in shots and a shoot around threes. So now, and then Adman Aman keeps it, he keeps Officer Reeds or he keeps Ru or he keeps Luca in the Pickett roll and no I want him right, bring him to me and then they letting him play one-on-one. You can't let Aman play one-on-one. He's a supreme skilled one-on-one player. You've gotta make him play team ball, make somebody else beat you. Especially just like tonight we saw Jamal Murray get hot. He had 43 just like Aman and what happened then Let him play one-on-one.


Okay? You let a guy get hot and you let him play one-on-one. I Think you be sorry. I think what has happened is by them trap trapping atman or kind of putting him in this little cage to You know, make him get a ball up, he's making the right plays. Okay. Ocho and them guys are making the Lakers pay, whether it's McDaniels getting dunks or threes or Randall, You know, making the right play when he catch at the free throw line, whether he attacking the basket 'cause they ain't got no rent protection and he's getting to the line shooting free throws or whatever he, he, he he wants. And then in the fourth quarter when Ant man see he know he can beat the double team anytime he wants. So he starts beating the double team and he starts putting an onus on the Lakers as far as getting in the paint, making plays, shooting the threes.


And now you can't stop that. But here's the thing though Joe is that if you go back and look at Sunday's game, he's raising up shooting three. Yeah. Distance trap him get the ball out his hand. See I wanna make guys, I wanna make, let's see if Jay Jay McDaniel can make those plays in the fourth quarter with five minutes to go. I know an man can beat me Antman an Antman is one of the five or six great best players in the NBA so I know what he's more than capable of doing. Right. Okay, let's see, let's see what you got Judge Mc Jay mcd. You got that? I think he can, I think he can do it. He's, he's shown his, he is shown and proven this series that I see it go and see it again in there. I wanna see it. I open that man gonna be confident.


He gonna take his shots. He going to attack the basket. I think defensively when he plays great defense, that kind of fuels his offense. You know what I mean? I think that's kind of all of them. And if you notice Minnesota, they guards, they don't give up a lot of easy points. I know Luca can go on a run. I know ar can get hot but for the most part they sit down and guard man, they sit down in the guard. Yeah. But yeah, but see the difference is is that Luas shooting over the, those guys are breaking you down getting to the basket. So there's a difference. And look, there's a greater chance that that you're gonna miss that 27, 28 footer than me missing this, this layup. Yeah. Yeah. Because you see what's happening and it's finishing at the rim or they following.


They ain't got no choice. Guys are finish. We really don't have, I mean Luca can beat you off the dribble, but it's not, it's because of of savviness. He ain't gonna just, he ain't gonna just and buy you. Yeah he going herky jerky. You know he gonna sit down on your, he going hey step through you off the glass and stuff like that. We got this tomorrow night though. You me. Whoa, whoa. Here we, here we go. Here we go again. Got this tomorrow night. Don't Joe. So hold on, hold on. You said Lakers in five right? So obviously that's not there. There's no chance for that. So you still feel the Lakers have a chance to win this series? Come on. Keep And you and you, you really believe that though? I'm, I'm gonna ask seriously.


No I don't believe that he just going with it 'cause he been rolling with 'em all all year. We wait. Oh hold on, hold on. Jordan meet here. You say we ain't gonna win 'em all night? Nah, no I don't got y'all win. I got Minnesota coming in there. I got them coming to la la land throwing a whole party up in there in crypto. And You know what happen if y'all lose tomorrow. Right. Ain't nothing happen because we not losing. I'm just saying, You know what's going to, I'm hypothetically speaking, do You know what happens? YI don't do hypotheticals. I don't do hypotheticals. Hypothetically if I slept in my garage I'll be a mailbox bar. But guess what? Hypothetical since you, if that's so if you sleep in your garage well huh?


Nope. Nah, you, you, you a fool because you should be inside of the bed. So that's why I but puts up on it Joe. Anything make get nervous. What you want? That what I on it. Well, I like Yeah you can't bet with your earn your strip Joe Peanut money. I earned 'em, I earned the stripes. I wore stripes over a helmet. I I you like what you call them? Hey you remember playing club with St. Louis would play dollar bill with a dollar bill would play St. Louis and he come cut running out there. They doing something Little man they would tear him up, had his head all in the car, put the, put the cigarette out on his nose.


Yeah. Hey, hey, he going and don do the job. Come on man. Yo, your your your your rap sheet Ain't that good right now brother? Nah, my rap sheet good. I listen the only person I ain't paid back is unc. Everybody else done got they got they due. Damn. Yeah. Let go be, You know what, You know what? Let's better, let's, let's better dinner chops bet. You know that chops dinner man. Y'all bet. Y'all bet. Sorry. Yeah go. Nah, hey because because he already know when they see Mr. Sharp on the thing, they already go and cut that, that 10 ounce, the wagu a five. They already know when I come they going and cut that fag out because they already know what I'm gonna order.


10 ounce. Who that Wagu A five. The top line ocho? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wagu. Yeah. Yeah. They ain't got that at McDonald's. I'm saying I I, I had some of the, the wack, the wacko from I went somewhere and I told uncle about it. I had they like, they brought it to the table. It was like in little strips, little strip poppy strips. Yeah. Pa yeah, poppy at Poppy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was, I was, I was on on a, on a, a little date. Yeah. Luca Don had stepped up to pay for the entire expected cost of Restore, restoring a vandalized more depicting Kobe and Gigi Bryant in downtown la. He made a donation today to cover the entire goal of a GoFundMe page created by artists Louis Sino.


He wants to restore the mu mural title Mambas forever at 14th and Main Street. Luca, it's always been important to give back to the community. They gave me so much so I just want, they miss the mule a lot. I don't know why they come on people and they play listen man, they, they ain't, they don't respect nothing. They don't even care no more about nothing. Man, I thought y'all, I thought they, we look no matter, no matter how beloved or great you were, somebody is not gonna take it. Somebody, everybody going, everybody don't like everybody. Yeah. So you just, we just gotta come to that conclusion like, man, Kobe. I thought yeah, most people do like Kobe, 90% of the people in LA love Kobe but ain't gonna be, there's never a such a situation where it's all or every Yeah.


So once you remove all or every from your vocabulary right, you'll be good. I just, just thinking about it man, obviously the passing of one of the greatest to ever play the game and the still the tragic passing. Yeah, the tragic passing. But the the even bothers a mural with great understanding what Kobe means for that, for that city. What he's done for the Lakers organization and, and the people of LA to even want to vandalize a mural is beyond me. Beyond me. I agree. That's crazy. I agree. Yeah. It's more, it says more about them than, than I mean, I mean think about what it takes to go vandalize something.


Yeah. You ain't got nothing going on in your life just to be destroyed. I don't know. Yeah. You, you destroy some property that ain't that that, that you didn't buy, that you didn't, it is not yours. People always destroy you. Hey you wanna destroy something, destroy your, that's ridiculous. Oh don't mess. They they wanna go viral. We, we in the a anything you do go viral, they gonna catch, they catch the right person on the wrong day and they gonna be viral. Oh. Oh won't damn man. Yeah. Got damn Co Stefan Castle is the recipient of the Wilt Chamberlain trophy, the 2025 he NBA rookie of the Year Spurs and one back to back are MVPs Castle 25, Victor Wilma 24 and they're the first teammates to go back to back since You know what Ocho who's the last teammates to go back to back, back to back.


Rookie the rookie of the year Teammates. Damn. Andrew Wiggins and Car Don't worry, don't turn your head, you turn your head the other way, it's still gonna be correct. Hey, I like the Spurs on. They got, they got a promising future. You know, they get, they they get some hay over there, they gonna be higher. Listen because Win because think about it. You know they got first, I mean Weby won it. Castles not won it. David Robinson won it. Tim Duncan won it. So they had four, four Rookie and hey and then about two years Weby might be the best thing in the league.


He, he, he incredible. He, I mean for me, he, he shoots a little bit too many threes for me. I'm like, hey, get your big long, tall butt died on that block and as you turn over one of your shoulders, but hey that's, that's where, that's where these guys are. Yeah. According to there have been whispers around the league that the San Antonio Spurs could be a potential landing spot for one. Kevin Durant. You like Wim and KD together? I do, I do. Hey, it, it look like he going somewhere in Texas but I, I would love to see K KD and Wim. Oh Nickko Harris gonna try to make a move for him in Dallas. Yeah.


I don't know what he, I don't know what he, I don't know in terms of draft picks. Now we know he got one of the, one of the Lakers draft picks. I don't know if that's enough. I don't know if, if the Spurs want that draft pick and one of those bags Lively or Gifford or a or somebody else because he's really, he wants to compare, he wants to pair Kyrie ad. Well Phoenix tried Phoenix. The one tried to trade him. It wasn't like he asked for no trade K for no trade. So no they probably, they probably be willing to, You know, do something. I can't see him, I can't see him not trading him, You know what I mean? They probably ain't gonna get actually what they want, but they'll probably get something. No, you're not gonna get what you, you gave up for all those draft picks and they gave up for, they gave up Who?


I say they gave up draft picks, You know they gave up Mikel bridges and cam jocks and they gave, and they probably, I think they gave up like four first round picks, three or four first round picks and it didn't work out. But you said, You know what, we gonna win the championship. That's gonna be the last pick in the draft, yada yada yada. I'm not worried about it. Now what happens when you don't, you don't even make the playoffs and what you could get to rebuild that goes to somebody else. Right. So I, I told, You know what I'm saying? I buy all these blocks and Yeah man my house gonna be so nice when I get this thing. They're like no, no, no, no, no, no. Them blocks that you just bought, they belong to me. Yeah. And lemme go and get those. So lemme go and get those pieces that you was gonna build your house with.


Nah, lemme get that. I st I still like Katie, I still like Katie going to OKC now. I'm not sure how far KC goes. I don't believe you going nowhere this in the playoffs. I, I'm, I'm, I just I think, I think the pairing of him, Sam Presty. Sam Presty, like, nah, that's that, that's done going on. You didn't tell because I look, they looking at it like, hold on bro. If you talk, if we knew you was gonna leave, because think about it, a lot of times when you have a great player, you want trade. If he know he leaving, I'm gonna trade you 'cause I'm gonna get some compensation. Right. KD walked out the door and didn't get, they didn't get nothing for him. Yeah. Think about what you could have got for KD six years ago. 6, 5, 6 first round picks. He walked out the door and you got nothing.


Yeah. Yeah. And they were able to rebuild it. A lot of that had to do with Shaa because think about what the Clippers gave up to get Paul George. Think about what the Rockets gave up to get Russ. They traded Chris Paul. So they just, and Sam one, you can say whatever you want about Sam Presty. He did draft, he did draft Russ, he did draft Harden, Ibaka, Reggie Jackson, Steven Adams, Adam Jalen Williams, all those, all those. Chad Holmgren, all those guys. He made the trade for Sha, he could put the teeth.


He got a great eye for talent. He got a great alpha talent. Ocho, I don't see that Ocho. No. I just, I I see OKC doing really well in this playoffs this year. I, I, bro, what? What, okay. What? Go ahead Don. Finish your thought. Oh, there, I was gonna say what you think about KD coming to Miami with jaw and s, The Volume. Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause? And the use of oral contraceptives?


Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh optive. Mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh. Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at all major retailers, Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free.


With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.