
Hey. Hi everybody. It's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today,


Every day when you log into chumba casino.com, the ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus. Imagine if you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I Chose french fries, overloaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend. Even though I don't care, I updated my operating system without having to call tech Support. Collect your free daily bonus@cumbacasino.com. Now Juba and live the jumbo life BGW group. No purchase necessary void prohibited by terms and conditions. 18 plus,


Plug in a Hyundai ev. And the extraordinary happens from the charge. Time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 IAC five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive, and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 I six. SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Four more details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It Can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, Ooo, ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ODU harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@oo.com. That's o doo.com.


This Is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


The Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


OCHO the Steelers announced Mike Tom finally named Russell Wilson as the starting quarterback, but said the competition and speculation are far from over. Tomlin. Met with both. I told you that Tom met with both quarterbacks to inform them of their roles, which called a difficult decision according to ESPN. Tomlin. Message to Wilson is clear. He will have a short leash as a starter. If Wilson struggles, the whispers for fields will turn into chant. Ocho do you think Russ was misled by Tomlin when he signed with the Steelers in March during free agency and he was unlikely. He was under the assumption that he would be the starting quarterback.


Three days later, the Steelers acquired Justin Fields. The 30 5-year-old won, wouldn't have signed with the Steelers if he knew he would be in a danger of residing on the bench for the entirety of the 2024 season. ocho what are your thought? I don't, I don't. Shit. It's the NFL. You know, it's, it's about competition. If you're not playing well next man up, you know, you can't be scared of competition. Oh, I'm not. I'm, I don't want to go to this team because the person behind me has a chance to take my job. Now what it does is the quarterback position, it does force you to look over your shoulder and play cautious or not play freely. But Russell Wilson, nine time pro, nine time pro bowler, if I'm not mistaken, super Bowl champion.


He's been there before. He knows what it takes to win. I think he'll be fine. I think it'll be fine. Now, something that I did hear about them having certain packages for Justin Field to, to get on the field. Now that, that I don't like, I don't like the, the dare the, I don't, I don't like the, the, the, the taking Russell Wilson out the game messing up the floor of the offense. The rhythm of the offense for quarterbacks. It's about getting the rhythm and getting a rapport with the receivers. You know, running game and being the floor of office and then having to come in and out the game. I think it just, it just, it messes up continuity, you know, to me for a quarterback. Other than that, I, I think Russ is, is a, is a competitor.


He's a competitor. So regardless if the decision was to bring Justin Fields in, if Justin Fields wasn't there, then he would had to be looking over his shoulder for someone else. You know, so, so it really wouldn't matter. I think, I think he's gonna be fine running game. Arthur Smith is there. He knows what Russells Wilson is good at. You play to Russell Wilson strength, you play to the offensive strength, your offensive strengths, and I think they'll be fine. Hey, you got George Pickens. Move that motherfucker around and using, moving around and using you shit. George Pickens, but those players and make your job goddamn easy. Najay Smith is one of those players can take some of the pressure. Naje Harris off the goddamn quarterback use him. Najee Harris. Sorry, sorry about that.


What I say. Oh, Najee Harris? Yeah. Oh, Joe, You said Russ was a, a a a nine time pro bowler. How many of those pro bowlers was with the Steelers? You said he went to the super bowler. He won one. How many of those were with the Steelers? None. You said he passed for all those touchdowns and got those yards. How many of 'em was with the Steelers? None of them. What did Tom Brady tell you when he went to the Bucks? Whatever he did at New England had no bearing on what he was going to do with the Buccaneers. You just told me everything he did elsewhere. What is he gonna do for the Steelers? Well, we gonna find out.


We lemme ask you This. That's what we do. Lemme ask you this. If Kurt Cousins actually think that the Atlanta faculty are gonna take Michael Pennix Jr. Do you think he signed? Well that's a good one right there. Okay. Gimme a good Answer. Probably not. Shit. Probably not, not. Why you say competition is good? He was gonna have to go somewhere. Shit. Yeah, it, it is. I mean, some people built different, some people know different. I ain't got problem. So named the quarterback that didn't get upset when the quarterback was drafted in the first round. Came name one Brady was upset when they drafted Garoppolo. Brett Far was upset. Aaron Rogers was upset When they drafted Aaron Rogers Tell me the quarterback. Yeah, that didn't get upset.


You said me competition is good. So tell me the quarterback. Yeah, that you know, that didn't get Upset. Well, hey, listen, maybe not at that position. Oh. Oh, Not at that position. So, so what position, Russ? They, he Played quarterback. He was upset that they took Russ. He probably wouldn't have went to Pittsburgh had they known he was gonna, had he known they was gonna get Justice fields Where it was gonna go. He had other opportunity. He had other, other suitors Where What, what, who, who Would they, they had a chance that where, where they actually had a chance with a Super Bowl winning coach. No, the best decision was exactly where he went to the Steelers.


A winning organization that knows how to win knows what it takes to win. If, If, if Russ did what you thought it would do, it wouldn't have came down to this. It wouldn't have come down so late before they named the starter. It wouldn't Hey, Mike to said he had a short leash. Wait, That's Oh, that's all. Hey. Oh no, no, no, no. That's all mind games. He ru finna be the starter no matter what. That's all mind games. They they doing that Game quarterback. You telling me all last year. But you don't play mind game with the quarterback. Yeah, I I, you know, you know Goodwill ain't bring Russ there. He wasn't gonna start now. Come on now. The Game ain. Finish. You know how they do that Now finish you and I got a bat. You told me Russ gonna start the whole season. I told you he gonna start the whole season.


I forgot what the bet was, but I bet. Do I remind you what he I bet He do. I bet, I bet he do. We Already got a batt bet That that's God, that listen, one thing about God, God got favor. One thing about Russell Wilson, he's one of God's children. Hey, and I guarantee he saw everything This year. I guess Justice Fields, I I guess Justice Fields don't say his prayers at night, huh? I guess Justice Fields doesn't say his prayers, huh? Is gonna have his time. You do. He gonna have his time. His time is right. Not right now. You do. His time is not right. Now You do realize that when you pray about games, you are asking God to be biased because you saying, God give me something, but not them And. we know God is anything but a bias God.


Now I ain say He man or woman, I'm just saying we know he's not biased. Yes sir. But you gotta you gotta understand when you praying, you praying about you in your favor. You not worried about everyone else's favor. So what Justin Fields For everybody else? I'm not sure. I don't, I I don't know Justin Fields in that manner, so know what he's praying for. But I know what Russell Wilson is praying for you. Okay? Yeah. Yeah, he yeah, I know what he praying for. Alright, because he, he, he, you know, his prayers are being answered. The Falcons, the Patriots, the Raiders all were in the running for Russell Wilson. Patriots. No.


Raiders? No. Who, Who else? The Falcons? No. Why not? Devonte Adams. They got Drake London. They got Kyle Pitt, they got Bijan Robinson. One got Devonte. Adam Brock Bowers. What, what, what have, what have they won? What have those teams won? When the last time the Steelers won, What did those teams won? Huh? The last time the Steelers won the Super Bowl was what year? Where would I wanna go? Winning organization. But that, or, but they haven't won lately. Neither have the Cowboys, but we talk about them every goddamn day.


That's why we talk about 'em, because they ain't won nothing. But again, just the historic franchise sail off into the sunset. What? Whatever it may be. I think it was just the best fit. It was the best decision. Super Bowl winning coach. I, that, that's, that's the only thing I can come up with. Patriot coach Jared Jar. Rod Mayo has chosen Jacoby Bassett as the team's starting quarterback as the veteran held off a late surge from rookie Drake. May the number three pick in the draft. We have decided, or I have decided that Jacoby percent will be our starting quarterback this season. In saying that as an organization, we are a hundred percent behind Jacoby.


There is no, you know, you got that guy right here. You got that guy right there. We are 100% behind Jacob. Percent started all three Patriots preseason games, finishing five or 1436 yards with zero touchdowns and winning in interception damn May followed up set in all three games going 21 or thirty four, one hundred and ninety two yards. One touchdown, zero interception. He also added seven rushes for 32 yards and another touchdown. But Brit experience has been cited by the coaches. He has 48 career starts. And in 2022 with the Cleveland Browns played a similar offense that Patriots have implemented under Alex Van Pel.


A Brown's former coordinator. You like the ball? Yeah. God damn right. I like Drake may. Cool, nice. But Jacoby ETT experience, knowing what it takes to play the quarterback position. Being in the league for a little while. I don't really look at preseason numbers. I hope other people don't as well. Especially those in the chat. Look at those numbers. It means absolutely nothing. The defenses you get are very vanilla. What you're going to see in real playing time is gonna be completely different from that. Think the starters play what? Maybe 3% of the goddamn snaps Don't play at all. Nobody's out there.


Yeah, Tim, that, that, that too. So, I mean, listen, the sample size about preseason means absolutely nothing. So I think they made the right choice. Do you want to, did you wanna really want to throw Drake may out there into the sharks to the wolves right away in week one? No. Why? Why For what? Allow 'em to sit back, learn the little nuances, how to study, how to prepare, how to get ready for a game. You know, right behind Jacob ett. And when his time comes, it will come. Yeah. It'll be on the short lease though. You think he You think Jacob on a short lease too? Okay. Third, picking the draft vote Joe. He gonna play sooner.


He gonna play sooner Than later. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He gonna play sooner later. Definitely. While Tom Brady approval as partial owner of the Las Vegas Raider is pending, he'll be forced to abide by a unique set and severe restrictions in the Fed dual role as a Fox broadcaster. Brady is not permitted to be in another team's facility. He is also not permitted to witness practice. He's also not permitted to attend broadcast production meetings, either in person or virtually lack of access to coaches and players before games could be the most severe restriction. Those meetings at which broadcast crews meet the night before about matchups, head coaching key players, and often the lifeblood and insight for the telecast aside for the access restriction restrictions.


Brady is also subject to other app, applicable league policies and common to other owners. He is prohibited from publicly criticizing game officials and other clubs. While Brady could in theory state that he disagrees with a call on air, he is subject to fines or even suspension if he goes too far. Ojo. You like that? Yeah. I mean, I like it. I like it a bit excessive, but it is what it is. They, they make rules for a reason. It's all about control. Control what you can and control and what you can't. And hey, people in positions of power, you know, swinging their fucking, you know what?


Trying to show you, you know what I'm trying to say? I don't wanna say it, but that, that's all it Is. This is a little unprecedented Except Yeah, a little, a little excessive I think. I mean, we've never seen an, we've never seen an owner think about it. He's gonna be part owner and he's gonna be calling game. Oh yeah. I don't know if we've ever seen it before. ocho. This is unprecedented. Right? So I think it And, if you have an unprecedented situation, you have to have a very unique, unique, unprecedented set of rules. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's un it is understandable. It's understandable. Ocho Yo, You got a new sponsor?


Thank you Paramount. Thank you. Oh, whoa, whoa. We got a New sponsor. Thank you. Paramount Plus for sponsoring Paramount Soccer. Cap Ocho. Now's your time to shine. Do what you do. Yeah. Chat. I know I have a lot of people in the chat that enjoy the game of soccer. They're, that are soccer enthusiasts like myself and have a passion and love for the game. We have our own segment now. So standing ovation for that. Paramount plus. I thank you on behalf of myself, my other self, Chad and Ocho. Thank you And. we gonna make you happy. Chat y'all stay with me now. Paramount Plus is a home of the UFA Champions League. This season, UFA Champions League debuts a bigger, better and brand new format, which means more marquee matchups more often. Woo. But my eyes bad boy. The best soccer players in teams in the world play. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Y'all stay with me. Well, my eyes are bad. For real. The best soccer players in teams in the world play in this competition. If you like the English Premier League, Spanish La Liga, German Abundance Liga and C Ooh. Hold on. unc. Hey, see it. You gotta read My Ain't Bad bro. Oh, there you go. Now I can see it. I had, I had to flip it a, I had to flip my phone a long way. The best soccer players in teams in the world playing this competition. If you like the English Premier League, Spanish La Liga, German Bun Liga, the Champions League is the only place where you could watch these teams compete against each other to be crowned champions of Europe. Chat. For those of you that don't know, the Georgias happened, all the matchup for the newly named league phase are now revealed. The new format delivered on some mega matchups, which include my favorites, Barcelona versus Byron Munich. Arsenal versus PSG, Milan versus Royal Madrid. Plus Rematches of the last three Chambers League finals with Royal Madrid versus Liverpool Man City versus Enter End Doman versus Real Madrid. It all kicks off during the middle of the day, in the middle of the week beginning Tuesday. Chad, write this down in the middle of the week, beginning Tuesday, September 17th with matches at 1245 Eastern and 3:00 PM Eastern. I'm excited. Hey, I'm excited. We get a sponsor for some glasses to get Ocho some C Guy glasses. cb. Oh no, I had to turn my, Hey, hold on. I had to turn my phone sideways. You saw once I turned my phone sideways, I was able to hit that thing right on report. But I had it. Hey, I had it horizontal. Hold on. I'm not finished. I'm not finished. I gotta finish. I gotta finish. Chad, y'all stay with me now. Paramount Plus is the home of the Uafa Chambers League. The biggest event in club soccer returns Tuesday, September, September 17th. I need y'all to do me a small favor. Write this down. Stream every match. Live exclusively on Paramount. Plus try it for free@paramountplus.com slash live sports. You know, we love free shit. My bad, my bad. Again, try it for free. 'cause we know we, we love free stuff now. People free. Listen to me. Try it free@paramountplus.com slash live sports. Yeah. Okay, there We go.


CCBs Sports Rank ranks favorites to Win Champions League and fifth is Inter Milan. Four is Liverpool. Yeah. Three is Arsenal, two is Mad City and number one expected to win. Real Madrid is Madrid. I mean, listen and be before we finish. They have real Madrid to win number one. And I would assume because MB Mbae came over from PSGI watch Real Madrid Play Day. They don't really look too good. There's no con continuity. There's no flow. The chemistry, it looks very sloppy. Players are out of position. I think right now it's really early in the season. It's only week two. But it just, it just doesn't look right.


It doesn't look right. The midfield's not able to get the ball to, to mb Mbae and Mbae touches off Venicia look kind of shaky today. I mean, they played Lost Palm. I think the score might have been one, one I left in the 70 minute. 'cause the game was so goddamn sloppy. But maybe by the time September rolls around and they play a little, they they play a little bit more football on the pitch together, they'll look a little better. But Madrid didn't look that good. So to me, the list that you just showed me, I have Man City probably repeating the goddamn again because, eh, I don't know. Well, I don't know. We'll See. They reformatted the league. I think it's 36 9 teams and four league and, and 14 brackets.


So we'll see how that turns out. Yeah. So we're interested to see. So we're gonna be half Soccer Cap, where Ocho and I, we discussed this, this league and other leagues. What's going on? Ocho Na, soccer, soccer's back. Soccer. Soccer. Soccer. Soccer. Thank you. Paramount Plus Ball. You don't know how much this means to me. This is like Christmas. It's like Christmas in September. Let's go. Hey. Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list your morning routine, healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day.


Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today. I'm Victoria Cash and I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky lands slots.com. That's lucky lands slots.com. And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. BGW Group Boyd. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


Attention parents and grandparents. Is your child struggling to ride a bike or ready to start? Meet guardian bikes the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. And are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine du du has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let du harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


It's time for a Rough Draft in honor cup college football season. Kicking off today's prompt. The best college football mascot. I went first, last time. OCHO now. Huh? Huh? Oh, we got anime. Okay. Well, I I went through, oh, we got animation. Okay. In honor college football season kicking off today's prompt is the best college football mascot. Ocho, I went first, last time. Now it's your turn to go first. Who has the best college football mascot?


Let me see, let me think, let me think, let me think. The best college football mascot Now. Like I'm, when I think about it, I want to go between, you know what I'm going, I'm going Colorado. I'm going Colorado. Brutus Buckeye bru bru us. What? Wait, I have a mascot that Al does that. I'll just go with the USC Trojan. Okay. Or hell Or maybe the Fs. The FSU the Florida State course. I I Seminole. Okay, I'm going Alabama to Elephant Roll. Tide.


What? You tripping my list is for now. Do yours. I'm out. Do you? I'm out. I'm out. Do you? Right here. The Oregon duck. Okay, I got Beebo, Texas Longhorn, The Georgia Bulldog. Come on Unc. You you, you lost this one By far. You crazy. I got this one. I got this one. The bag. You know who I'm gonna go with? Yeah, I'm gonna go. You lost. You lost. You lost already my first two beats. Everything you said so far, Bro. Sport fsu semino. Come on bro. The horse, the mascot coming out on a horse with the, with the, with a, with the rifle.


I mean, not rifle. What do you carry? Yeah. Spear A though. Who you think he was? David Crockett. Now talking about the rifle man, y'all ocho ain't no way y'all get Ocho. That one I You is. Alright, listen again. Fighting Irish. The leprechaun. You lost, you lost that. And I'm sure the check can agree that that was five. That was five. You definitely lost That. I'm going, you know what, last but not least.


No, we ain't going. Horn, frogs, ash. What's that ing you? Who I, let's see, Baby, I'm gonna go cocky. I'm gonna go to South Carolina. Gamecock.


I think Ocho froze. Didn't you? Ocho you freeze. Nah, I was just right here. Nah, I Free Who, who was your fourth with Ocho? You in Colorado? U Oregon. Duck. Notre Dame was five. Who was four for you? I did the Bulldog. Remember Georgia Bulldog? Yeah. You lost Lost buddy. No. Ask the chat. Ask the chat, Chad. Because listen, three three of mine, three of mine are real like actually real of mine actually. Real. My man real. You do real after there as a person inside the mask? No, I'm talking about and no listen, there's really there.


Listen, Colorado has Ralphie a real buffalo. Georgia has a bulldog. I forgot the name of a little bulldog. The duck duck. Well, the duck ain't real. But I'm glad you finally the real realize that. Hey, hey, speaking of duck. Hey, you remember, you know what? It's so funny. You remember the movie Howard the Duck? Yeah. Oh, you, you remember Howard The duck? I don't know if I just thought out the blue. Hey chat. Y'all remember the movie? How the Duck Boy? He was smooth boy. Yeah. And then you got, oh, the Leprechaun Real. You ain't seen the movie Leprechaun? Yeah. I'm talking about that Notre Dame mascot.


Yeah. I dunno. I I don't, I listen, I don't know if they real, but the movie was funny. No, we got Beebo. We got Brutus Buckeye. We got Beebo the Elephant and we got Ivis. Yeah, we got cocky. So I you, you lost that gun. One Ocho. Check this out. Ask. Yeah. A woman in China enacted a calculated revenge against Louis Vuitton outlet after a naked shopping experience that left her feeling disrespected during the woman's visit to an LV store. She claimed that the staff treated her dismissively ignoring her request for a drink and showing her and showing her outdated items instead of the latest collection.


She also accused the staff of rolling their eyes at her being impatient when she acquired about certain dresses, frustrated by her experience and feeling further ignored. After an unsuccessful attempt to report the issue to LB headquarters, the woman decided to seek revenge. Two months later, she returned to the store with a bag of containing 600,000 yen, which is approximately 110,000 in cash. She made the employees count the entire amount only to leave the store without purchasing anything ensuring that her displeasure was felt by the staff who had wronged her. You like that Ocho? How does not really Ocho Not really.


She had, they counted out 110,000 thought she was going to spend that money. Not only did it not get the sale, they didn't get the commission. Yeah, but that, who is that hurting? It's not hurting anybody. I mean, what are you, what are you proving Who don't realize how these stores work? Right. We ta We talking about Louis Vuitton. Yes, we about Louis Vuitton. Probably arguably one of the, the best selling Brands, Louis Vutton Of all time. Those, those people that sell stuff, they don't own Louis Vuitton. They work on commission. Right, right, right. They thought they was about to get $110,000. Hold on. They work on commission. Yes. Do you understand how many sales those individuals that work at High-end the booth?


Not boutiques. High-end stores make that, that one little sale. She ain't hurting nobody 'cause somebody coming in. Right, right. Listen, I used to work at Chanel in midtown here in Miami during the Christmas season. You know how many sales I had. If if they, if it didn't matter why they count the money out, but They listen, the foot traffic, she doing that to prove a point. But hurt nobody but Herself. Yes it did. Yes. I don't know if you ever paid for anything in, I bought things and dropped a large sum of cash and they have to count it. Right. Can you imagine? You go drop off a hundred thousand or $200,000 in cash. They count all of that. Oh, and then You and and and they hike. And you leave.


Yeah. I I I be, I'd be hurt. I'd be hurt. I'd be hurt because you wasting my, my time. Oh, you did My time. My time, my time could have been spent with other, another customer. Now listen, the funny thing about it is I know so much about this and I know you're not gonna believe me, I know the chat, probably not going to believe me. But in, in Midtown, I used to work at the, at the Chanel store. Now y'all can ask if anybody lives in Miami in the chat, asked my manager. My, my manager's name was Yolanda Shalanda, excuse me, Shalanda. She helped me all the time become employee of the month twice. Why? Because of my sales, my ability to just sell. And, and I was, I was great for, for, for the Chanel company. And I understand exactly what the lady was doing.


But again, when it comes to a store like that, where the foot traffic is so heavy, people are constantly coming in for new stuff, new collections. I mean, just coming in with money and having someone count it out, it really does nothing because someone's coming after you and after the next person, after the next. How Many people you think coming in they driving 110,000 in one trip though? Real? That's the thing. It ha it happens. Oh, whoa. You know, some, some of the scammers, you know, I hear mine, you know, they be trying to stunt, you know, you know, they be trying to, you know, I like it. But that's what I'm saying. You can't judge a book by its cover.


You never knew who a person is. Oh yeah. Most definitely. You give somebody because you don't know them, you don't recognize them. Facially, facially. And you give them their butt to kiss. Those are the ones that have the bag. Right. And you know what, the ones that have really had a bag are the ones that look like they don't. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I think we've all experienced it at one time. I mean, I, I've gone into places and, you know, before I became as visible as I am and they didn't want us to, I remember when I, when I first bought my Rolex ocho, I had a, yeah, a stainless steel when my brother bought me for graduation. But I wanted a yes sir presidential. And I walked into the school and I'll never forget dude named Bob.


And I said, man, I will, can I look in that watch? He took it out from behind the counter, set it down on the thing, said, go ahead, try it on. And I looked at him because all the, the other places, they never did that. Oh, just gave it to you and tried it On. He said it. He had the little black thing, you know, they set it on the thing. They don't sit it on, on the glass. He said on that little black thing. He said, okay, go ahead. And I Oh, He knew who you was? That's, he had no idea who he was. Because I was, I was like a, a second year player. He had no idea who I was. Okay, okay, okay, okay. And he's, he looked at me and I'm looking at him. He looked at me. I'm looking at him. Yeah. Like, I was like, you trust me.


He said, yeah. He said, you wouldn't, you wouldn't, if, if, if you wouldn't have came. He says, I'm, I'm just judging by your mannerisms. Yes sir. It never even crossed my mind that you was gonna try to take off running. Mm. I bought, bought it on the spot. Real. I did. How much it was. How much it was, how much it was Back then. I think it was about 15 five. That's it. I be, what'd they cost now? I bet 30. That was, that was 33 years ago. So I'm sure the price of a Rolex has gone up substantially.


It Went all the way up from that point on. Yeah. But it, but it's nice to know that, you know, Hey, I, I'm a black kid. I'm a, I'm a black man in a high-end, you know, store, you know? Yeah, yeah. I mean, I, I, because I've had people, you know, not wanna show you anything. I've had people walk by and the woman clutched their purse. Wait, that, that Happened to you before? Women clutch their purse. I'm like, little you and a lady, I'll buy you. Oof. But you know, hey, I get, hey, maybe you've had a ne negative experience and, and, and you know, I, I'm not, you know, people say I'm crazy, but See, and you wonder why I stay out of that, out of that type of atmosphere. I don't, I don't go in those type of atmospheres. I told you what happened to me when I went, when I went with, you know, who to, for the first time ever.


I don't party. I'm not, I don't like going to those events where the people that from my circle are, if I see you, I see you in passing, it's cool. But I don't go, I don't, you know, I don't frolic in that atmosphere. You know, this one, you know, downstairs wanted to go to the Michael Rubin party in Vegas. We go in, we had to go through full sets of goddamn security just to get the fuck in. Like, that's why I don't go to stuff like that. I don't, I don't, I I don't like that. Then I get in and I wanna go in a, a certain area where I see my colleagues, my players, certain player, you know, I see. I say, okay, I see Bro Chase. I'm wanna go up there and say hello.


Security looked at me, security looked at me and looked down at the bouncer. I mean the lady running, running, running the rope and looked at the bouncer and did like this what I'm like, what? I said, what? I ain't even called no scene. I said, sir, who is she? And he said, somebody important. I said, okay, thank you man. Y'all enjoy the party. Listen, REL was pissed 'cause I wasn't even there five minutes. I said, man, I'm gone, man. This is why I don't come to stuff like this. I don't enjoy, you know, Hey, hey listers, you know, everybody in here. Hey, what's up man? Nah, I don't do that man.


I, you know, and, and it's because of stuff like that. Oh, that happened. I'll, I went to, I went to an event with at cans and I was at an event with D Nice. He was having a party. Yeah. Now he said, Hey man, he said, sharp, I love what you're doing. I love Nightcap love Club, Shaha man. I'm having a party. I'm having a party. I wanna invite you. I was like, okay. Yeah. Like I said, where is it at? Okay cool. So I'm at this other place that we had to go too for, so I pick up lady that work at YouTube and this other lady work at Amazon. So it's about four or five of us. So I get up there and I was like, you know, lady's like, you're not on the list.


I said, but I talked to D Nice. I was at an event with D Nice yesterday. And he told me to come. I said, okay, no problem. By that time, this brother, he is like, sharp, what's up? I said, man, you know, I was at a event with D Nice yesterday and he told me to swing by. He said, how many of you got? I said, it's five of us. Yeah. He said, come on. She's like, well, he's not on the list. Come on. You know, you, you know me. I turn around. You like that? Yeah. Yeah.


I'm like, lady, you think I would've come here if I wasn't told to come here? How would I even know where to come? Right. Yeah. I don't, I mean, I, I, I don't, I don't, I don't like, you know, I have the resources and access to be a part of that lifestyle. Yeah. You know, I have the access, accessing resources to try and want to be a celeb. Yeah. I don't, to try to want fit in to trying to, to, to, I just never, ever, and you know, you don't know me personally, but I just never, ever, Ever, I forbid I'm Working. What I've been able to do is what I've been able to do is far as exposure. And, and, and the people knowing me ain't got nothing to do with being outside.


This ain't about being outside. It's about what I did on that goddamn field and the goddamn work. Me and you done put in on this damn show. That's It. I mean, I, I'm like that too. I mean, a lot of times Shelly be wanting to go places. I'm like, shell, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I'm busy. I gotta work. I'm like, I mean, I go to this thing bad at 12 o'clock, I gotta get up the next morning. Whether I gotta do, you know, first take or whether I gotta do other stuff. I'm like, ah. Yeah. You know, and I, and I try to go, I mean, I, you know, try to meet people. You never know who you're gonna meet. 'cause a lot of times I've gone to events and, and met people that are in a position that could help us grow. But Yeah. Yeah. I I'm like you man. I, I just, I I don't really have time to be waiting man.


Hey, And one thing about it, I know the chat, but one thing about it, when you get all, all them famous folk together, boy it's so phony. Unc, I'm, I, I, I, it saying What I look, it's so, it's, it's so phony, man. Yeah. I be, oh Joe, I'm, I'm who I am, man. I mean, I'm just like, Hey, I'm, I'm aep. Hey, how you doing? I appreciate that man. Thank you for your support. Appreciate everything. I go back to my little corner. Yeah. Shelly be like corner, won't you go mingle. Well who? And talk about what That's Yeah. I mean I went to That's right. You know what? So I went to, at the Super Bowl, I remember I went to the commissioner's party and okay.


I think I was, we probably there 'cause Shelly wanted to go, let's go to the commissioner's party. I wanna go, I wanna go. We don't wanna do nothing. All you do is stay in this room. Yeah. So we go to the commissioner's party. We get that ocho Now, the tickets that she got on her phone, it won't upload Uhoh. You know, me and one lady Ocho. So I think it was at the win. So you get on the, okay, you go, you got one checkpoint. Now they put you on golf carts and take you to another checkpoint. Okay. See that's how it was at. Okay. Okay. So you, It's kinda like, it's kind of like, you know, when you had a, it used to be like a, you go through security at A-A-T-S-A.


I'm like, how the hell you think I got to this point if I didn't show him my driver's license? Why you need to see it again? I said, how do you think I got this far? But okay, get the one checkpoint show, show your id, show you. Hey boom, get on the golf cart, go way around there, all of it. Go through metal detectors and get on the golf cart and go again. So we get to the, we get to the second thing and Shelly tickets won't upload. I say, see, this is why I don't go nowhere. This is why right here. Yeah. Because I ain't got no patience. I said, Lord, you know I'm working now you say, Hey, see the thing is what strength is that he gives you things, put things in front of you that test you strength.


So that's how, that's how you become strong. Right. He know I ain't got no patience with ocho. He know, and he know I'm trying, Lord knows I'm trying, but it's just so easy for me to say f it, I'll go home in a minute. Yeah. Yeah. I don't care How the, it's easy for me to, I have on eight pieces. It's easy. See, easy for me to, it is easy for me to go home because I don't even wanna go out. Like, so the times that I've had to go out and that one time that I went out for it was Super Bowl. Super Bowl was in Vegas, right? Yeah. The one time I was out because the individual with me died there. I ain't even finna say a name. 'cause we still beefing. I, I want, I wanted her to experience what it's like to be in that atmosphere to see some of, see, see some of my colleagues, you know, allow her to network a little bit with some of the people that she might have opportunity to work with, you know, in her field and her respective craft.


Right. But that lady, you know, I just, man, shit, all right, well, you know, I'm gone five minutes. It took 20 minutes to get through security. The four checkpoints I was in there five minutes after that. I was gone. Yeah. I was gone. Like me, ocho I can't, you cam me, I can't go up there. You look at me and look me up and down. Look me up and down. Like I done put in goddamn 40 years of work to get to this point and act like I ain't nobody. Yeah. I dip in a minute, Ocho I ain't, I ain't afraid I go home and take my clothes off, hang them right back, put it right back up in the closet. There'll be another opportunity for me to wear up again. Please. Yeah. But it ain't that, it ain't that serious with me. It's not, it's not, it's really not.


I don't go nowhere to be seen. I'll go like, if I give somebody my word, like, Hey man, I'm having this. I'm like, okay. I show if I, especially if it's the person that's like that has the event, if I give them my word, I'll show up. Oh yeah. I show up. Yeah. So I ain't gonna be, I'm gonna be honest with you, I'll probably be there by 10 30 minutes tops, bro. I just, yeah. That ain't, that ain't, that ain't, that ain't my thing. But Yeah. But yeah, I, I, I get it, I get it Ojo and it, it is frustrating that like, okay, this is an event and I see a lot of athletes and y'all clearly, y'all know who I am. I mean, what y'all, what y'all think going on. But some people, hey, some people got their thing and I, I don't begrudge 'em.


Hey, It's all cool. It's all good. Somebody they, I you go to public like, hey sharp, we gonna get you ass step to the side. What you looking at your watch? Oh yeah, for sure. Look at your watch. Oh, how long you think I'm gonna stay there? How long you think I'm gonna stay there? Right Man, please. Oh, so there's a couple that was getting busy in a Range Rover and it accidentally roll into the river after they hit a hit, the gear stick while in the back seat. I'm trying to figure out how they make, because you talking to somebody that been driving a Red Rover and I ain't never had to happen a be I'm just saying, I mean, somebody told me it's hard to do that. I dunno if, but the hey Ojo, the couple was getting busy in the back of the car around 4:15 AM and bumped the gear.


The SUV gear stick moments later, the range tumbled into the edge, sank into the water about two miles from the Philadelphia City Hall. The unidentified couple jumped out of the SUV before the vehicle hit the water and plummeted beneath the surface. They were butt ball. I like, I like that. That's a little excitement. Listen, if at any point their relationship might have been Rocky And, we talk about sping a relationship up and doing something different. That's it. I like it. Oh, you car, car falling in the river? No, I don't even follow Ocho now. You know you bought a car. I'm the car king.


Right, right, right, right, right, right, right. I love a good car. Hey. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, back when your boy was ocho your boy, you know. Oh, you, you know your boy was hell when I was You, when you Yeah. You Ocho that was photo roll sparks. Right. You driving, you know, we driving. She in Tampa. We driving down to Orlando. It's raining. Okay. It hard. I'm talking about, I'm talking about hard, hard. I said, I said, you can't see. I said, won't you pull side the road? She pulled side the road.


Yeah. She's, she look at me. I look at her. Yeah. Yeah. What's understood. Don't need to be said. What's understood. Don't need to be said. Oh, doing what I do. Yeah. I like it. I like it. Listen, I've had, I've had some encounters in cars throughout the years. High school. High school. High school. The drive, listen, the drive-in theater down in Broadwood East back in the day. This back in the day my four, five years ago for me. But God damn you, God, you could, I can't, I can't move like that.


Can I need room? Yes I can. It's all of a sudden there's something about that. Oh, we ain't gotta go in the house. You in the driveway. Right. We ain't gotta in the girl, you stop playing with me. I come please. I'll come up outta it. Quit. Hey, Well, you know, I'm, I'm gonna try that. I'm gonna try, I'm gonna try that with, you know, I, I'm, I'm on, I'm I'm celibate right now. I'm on, I'm on strike right now. But you know, I think to spice things up, to get us back on the same page, to to rekindle that flame. To ignite that spark to the, the, to put kerosene on the coal and get the fire back going in September.


Well, no, really November. I ain't, I'm she gonna have to wait till after September, November, start doing stuff we never done before. Doing things out the ordinary, doing things that are ex extraordinary. And you know, starting with the car would be one of them public places. Oh. Would be another Ocho you ocho Yeah. Well, hey, it's the, it's the thought. Yeah. Right. Or potentially I can't run that risk now, but I'd be a heater. But I, you know, listen, I can't, I can't run it. I can't run it either, but I'm gonna run it. I ain't got no choice just because it's like different, the adrenaline rush, the excitement.


I ain't supposed to be doing it. But it's, it's Fun. Like, hey, I been in college Ocho out Forsyth Park. Who in Savannah. Okay. Okay. Head sir. You know you not supposed to be here. Okay. Hit that. You know, wet that sir man.


No, that, that, that was back in the anybody know you back in the day. Yeah, man. But you risky back then though. I don't have that tolerance for risk like I once did. Right, right, right, right, right, right, right. And then I, I started thinking like, man, sh man, I'm Sterling Sharp's brother. I am sha I mean, I'm, I'm Shannon Sharpe too. You know, Savannah stayed, everybody know. I said, man, I can't keep putting myself in a situation like that. Right, right. I ain't stop it totally. But I cut down, you know what I'm saying? On your hands. I ain't cut it completely out the hell. Yeah. But I'm trying to figure out, you gotta be careful. Oh, Joe, you know I gotta range. I'm trying to figure out how you hit the, I I think, yeah, I think because I I, they was in the seat.


I've had a range. Maybe they was in the front seat and she possibly straddled it. Well, even, even still, you would still feel it rolling no matter what. And they jumped that butt ball. And you would, I'm gonna get the clothes first. Man, you ain't even gotta hit the clothes. I mean, you, once you feel it rolling, you already, the first thing you do is you hit the brake. Somebody jump to the front seat and hits the brake. How you allowed to even roll that far? So some something ain't right. Something fishy. Something fishy. Yeah. Y'all, y'all do it. They, they don't know how to do it. They should have, you know, somebody practice high school because you go to high school, you ain't had no band because you wasn't going in your grandma house and you wasn't going, you couldn't run the risk because they, her prayers catching her.


So it wasn't no bus cards. Oh no. Yeah. You ain't had no choice. He ain't had no money for no damn room either. What, what? Hey, a firo. You know, I said matter. I was Oh, oh yeah. Yeah. Listen, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not even gonna mention shoes. My mama had a pacer. My mama had a pacer back at night. I'll never forget back when I was at, at Santa Monica Junior College, I used to use a pacer shit. Boy, stop playing with me. And, and there wasn't a cost ball enough. I couldn't get in.


I could have fitted one of them clown cars. They be driving around in the circus. You know, they, they had the 50 people come up outta the car. I could have fit in one of them. Mocha. Yeah. Yeah. Huh. Oh, that was some good days, goy. What you got, boy? You got me over here. Well, let me stop before I get in trouble. Mm. Dang. Isn't it funny? How, how time Just slip on away. Ocho Yeah, it do it do it do. And one, one thing about it slipping. You sure can't grab it back. Oh yeah. Hey, with no sparks you can With no sparks. You can. Oh, Ocho with that, with that. Say that time is right.


Yeah. Matter of fact, yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna try, I'm gonna try that in November. Ocho don't wait no November. Don't wait. Ocho. Oh No, because you wait that long. Ocho hey, I gotta, I gotta set a precedent in this household. I gotta restore. I, I gotta restore order in this household things. Getting outta hand. Get those marks. People, people, people getting kind, comfortable. Restore order. Yeah. Oh, I, I'm finna restore it. I'm finna restore. I'm Restore. Boy. What you drilling for? Oil? Yep. Eureka. Damn.


They don't play. I ain't gonna lie to you, Ocho. They don't play. They the truth. Hey, they what we call, they what we call Matthew, mark, Luke, and John. Them things. The gospel. Well, what you saying? What you drilling for Oil? Woo. Boy. That's a good one there boy. Hey.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today


At attention. Parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've gotta check out Guardian Bikes featured on Shark Tank and awarded the Top Kids Bike in 2024 by the New York Times Wirecutter guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid-friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a Guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine, Ooo, ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's od oh.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. We'll start with the Big 10. And I would like to start with this thought for you Drew. There are 18 teams in the Big 10. Okay? Do you think we can get an agreement, but amongst these conferences to have the number next to their team conference be the number of teams in? Here's my suggestion. The Big 10 is allowed to be the big 18 and then the Big 12 just has to pick something else. Like Happy League. One of 'em used a Roman numeral one, used number 18, no Big 12 first of all. 'cause they're worse. They just have to pick something else. You know, I don't know God's plan. I, I would love to watch the God's Plan championship. I don't care what it is, but I do not like that neither the Big 10 nor the 12 Big 12 have the correct number next to their teams. That's confusing. Children would look at that and go, this is stupid. So I think they need to change it. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oto Now it's time for our final segment of the night. It's time for q and a Q and A. Let me use the bathroom real quick. Hey y'all order some of them roast y'all order some of them sparks. Y'all don't went on that site. I know we got it pinned up there. Y'all got some because we at the, at at the place in, in Atlanta and, and Houston and guys showed them to them. So y'all need to go on, get them things. They they the truth, they, they the truth, truth. I be on them hard too.


He gonna wait till November. He, I promise you. Hey listen, UNC, I'm te listen, unc, you not understanding we have created a monster. Oh real. A monster. Yeah, man. Yeah. So I gotta stand on business, not just for me but for men all over the world. I gotta set an example. I gotta set a precedent to let fellas know at some point we have to stand on business and let them know certain shit ain't flying no more. You ain't getting none of this period. You, you feel me? Now I made her go stay on the, on the East wing.


I made her stay on the East wing. I'm on the West wing, my game room, my bedroom like, don't even come up here. Ain't nothing like, she tried to be nice to me. Right. Look what she, she, you see she bought me, bought me a Big Mac, bought me a Big Mac. I what You And bought me some, some fries and coke. You know, trying to, trying to like, you know, nah, I, no, no. I don't care about you buying me McDonald's This time of night. That's I I love that. I Hey, nothing like that. Angry. Nah. Oh nah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You, you, you finna wait. You finna understand that like there needs to be order and it's gonna be order and I'm gonna make sure it gets restored by standing on business.


Well, shit. Well you keep on, you keep that up. That ain't me. Alright. Keer Norwood Jr. Asked who is on your Mount rushmores of defensive backs and I'll be building a team tomorrow night. Who, who is on your Mount Rushmore of? He says A BJ. He says OBJ. You see that? Who's on your Mount Rushmore of defensive backs and I'll be, I'll be in the building tomorrow night. Yeah, he says he's gonna be in the building, but who's on your Mount Rushmore dbs?


Yeah, I Y'all What? She tired. So Kimber Norwood wants to know Ocho, who's on our Mount Rushmore dbs. Yeah. And he will be in the building tomorrow night. Alright. My, my Mount Rushmore obviously Dion, Dionne Rivas Champ Bailey, Dionne Reva Champ Bailey from, ah, from that point on, it's, it's, oh shoot. Damn, there's so many worthy of that four and five spot.


You ain't got a four, ain't with forehead on Mount Rushmore unless you building a new one. Okay, well, who, who, who would be a good focus? I would take, I would probably take I like that. I like your list. I mean, I think Rivas and, and, and, and time. They have to be up there. I'm gonna take what I See a champ, I'm gonna take male blunt because they changed the rules for him. He, the one that, he was so biblical that they, they, they did away with the 10, the five yard. The five yard. He was the one that made him do a yard do away with the five yard contact. And I would probably put, before he blew out his knee, I think Rod Woodson, he ended up moving to safety and had a hell of a career at safety position.


But before he blew out his knee, he was, he was special. So that would be my, that would be my dv. I would take Rivas, I would take time, I would take Woody and I would take male blood. I like it. I like it. Good luck Samuel Griffith said, Hey Shannon, could you talk about how Pat Bowling created a winning culture? Look, Mr B didn't care about anything about except winning. And he did the, he did the, the best job he could of hiring the best coaches and allowed them to do their job. The general manager was allowed to do his job. The coaches were allowed to do their job and whatever we needed. I mean, when Mike came in, you know, they trained training, the training table.


We had the best, best of everything. But he made it real easy because it was, I, I think it starts from the top to the bottom with the way he talked to us, the way he treated us. We knew we had the best coaches, we had the best training staff, we had the best equipment, we had the best of everything. And so it was really easy for us to go out there and just do our job. Ocho there was, you know, yeah, we on the road, I mean, he's the one that's paying for, for us to get the fights to watch when we're on the road. We watching Tyson, holy holyfield. We watching Tyson. Yeah, we watching TTO Tyson and, and and De La Hoya fight. We watch, I mean we watched fight. You know, all you had to do is just tell my, Hey Mike, you know, guys wanna watch?


Hey, no problem. 84. It was just, it was just, I mean Mr. B was, I mean, but the thing is Ocho it was different for me because I had a different relationship than most most players have with the owner. So it was different for me. I was one of the first players. Me and Steve Atwater, I ca I, I came in in night. Atwater came in in 89. So I was the first player to go into the Hall of Fame that he actually drafted that he was the owner that got, that was drafted. So he, you know, he was always, I remember I brought my girlfriend my fur coat, she was pregnant at the time and I was like, Hey, do we really need this?


I said, we got a baby coming. And so I wanted to take the coat back, but they wouldn't take the coat back, right? So I told Mr. B, his attorney at the time, rich Lipka, Hey whoop, got it. Handle handled, got it taken care of. So like I said, my relationship with Mr. B was a lot different than a lot of players relationship with the owner. I had his personal line, I could call him. I don't know how many owners, how many players have their owner's personal line. I could call him. I was always 'cause of his kids. I mean, he had two older kids, Beth and Amy, that, that they're pretty close to my age.


There might be a, we, we might be a year or two apart, but the other ones are much younger than me. And so I watched all the kids grow up, but Mr. B was great, man. It was, it was great. And man, he just had a relationship. I could joke with him. I was the only one that could joke with him because he used to be down there every Thursday he would come down to Greek's office, Steve Antonopoulos, okay, who was hurt today, who missed practice, you know, what's it gonna be like gonna be able to go? And so he would always be in there. He'd have a cutoff shirt, he'd have some shorts that was way up. He'd have his two socks pulled up and he'd have his glasses on, short shorts.


So I went up to his office 'cause he, he was, he wasn't down there, he wasn't in his office. And I asked the secretary, I said, I need to get Mr. B's glasses. He like, go ahead Shannon. He's not in there. So I went and got his glasses, cut me up some shorts, cut me up his shirt, just like he had got some socks pulled away up. And so I know what time he's gonna come down and go in Greek's office. And while Greek is, you know, talking, you know, talking to players, he's gonna be in there with his feet up on the desk, beat him to the punch Ocho. So when he comes down, I'm in Greek's office and the chair that he's gonna sit in dressed like he would dress like him with the glasses on. And he looked at me, he's like, you SO he said, you the only, he's like, you're the only 180 4 that would ever think I said, I know.


Get away with that. What you like that did he, he just, he just couldn't stop laughing. He tell, he told that story so many times, but that was the type of relationship that he and I had. So he was always great. Right? Same thing with with Art Modell. I mean when I got to Baltimore, he was like, Hey, don't call me Mr. Mod. That's my grandfather called me art and you know, he, me Ray Woody, get the golf cart. He is like, Ozzy, you can't help me win those Super Bowls. These guys will help me get the Super Bowl. So he give us the golf cart and he and Ozzy will walk up to the building. So I've had great relationship with all my owners, so that was great. Jason Weinstein, uncle Ocho. I'm a big fan of the show, as are my two kids, Henry and Jade who are nine and six respectively.


To be clear, I only show age appropriate clips of the show. Okay. My daughter, Joey Jade in particular has a great admiration for unc, which does not surprise me as she gets serious about her business with great seriousness. And she's very prideful in doing so, despite only being six years of age. The day after the show, her clips during which UNC described his hygiene Jade pry to let me know that she started to brush her teeth three times a day. Thank you for being a great role model. Please give Jade a shout out. Please also give Henry a shout out. Let him know he needs to step up his hygiene game. Especially if he wants to Goodfriend to stick around. Jade Henry, thank you guys.


Hey, thank you for allowing your kids to watch the age appropriate segments. We really, really appreciate that. Jade, I am so proud of you for brushing your teeth three times a day. Hopefully keep that up and do a little flossing. Hey Henry, we gotta pick it up. We gotta get to three times a day and hit that flossing again. But thank you guys for supporting the show. Emmanuel Jackson, what's up Unin Ocho today is my 31st birthday, 34th birthday. Also need a sign by of Sha. You plan on coming over to the Bay and doing signing. Emmanuel, happy birthday, happy 31st, 34th birthday. I don't know, I kind of go where Total Wines asked me to show up at.


We had this thing in Dallas and I went to two locations, so I don't really know. I know we got distribution in California and so I don't know if it's gonna be in the Bay. I don't know if it's gonna be in Sac Town, it's gonna be in la. Obviously California is, is huge, is a huge state and total wise they kind of determine, I don't know how they do it, but they kind of determined the stores that they want me to go in and do the hour bottle signing. So I really couldn't tell you Emmanuel, where I'm gonna appear next. That's all based on my schedule and the, the stores that Total Wines have me go in D Chance and UNC Ocho. Great show tonight as an amazing tour.


Also, you guys had me in tears. All tourist fellow. Can you guys gimme a huge birthday? Shout out to my shipmate and brother Tyson. Huff USA Navy Dcha. Thank you guy. Hey, thank you bro. And tell you bro, your Tyson, US Navy Happy Armed Services. Thank you guys for your service to our country because of what the men and women do. You allow us to do it. What I, what we do. And you allow us to lay our head down on our pillow at night knowing that we're in great hands. So thank you guys for your service. Men and women, all armed services, Marines, coast Guard, army, Navy, air Force, any military national guards, reserves.


Thank you Lainey Ray. Okay, ladies back. Hey guys, I have my fantasy football draft this weekend. If you played fantasy football, which of the two players you make sure you have on your roster? I'm getting Christian McCaffrey. He's first. Who else am I gonna get? ocho I'm getting McCaffrey for sure. First you gotta get a quarterback first. I'm going burrow first. No way. You don't take no quarterback. You crazy. You better take a a a McCaffrey. McCaffrey gonna be the first pick of the draft. I'm taking a Quarterback. I'm taking my quarterback. Okay, I'm taking a running back second. I'm taking McCaffrey first.


No, I'm taking a receiver second. Matter of fact, I'm taking McCaffrey. You lost because what? Nah, what what? Why Receiver gonna score 2020 touchdowns. Which McCaffrey scored last year. What wide receiving? Yeah. Yeah. Which one? That's gonna score touchdowns. He scores them rushing and receiving. You remember he had a hundred yards rushing and had like 85 yards receiving with three touchdowns. Can I, can I tell you something? I don't even play fantasy Clearly you don't play fantasy with that selection, with your draft selection. You absolutely do not make sure you get Christian McCaffrey. I'm trying to think what other, running back, who are the other running backs that made the the, the AllPro team last year?


Josh Jacobs might be pretty good with Green Bay 'cause he can run it and catch it. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. B'S real good out there back here. Yeah. Reese Hall be John Robinson. I mean you got, you need guys that are gonna be dual threat ocho obviously the best dual threat guy is Christian C back Christian McCaffrey ocho. That concludes our show for tonight. We're back college football is back tonight and Colorado gets off to a great start. They win 31 26 over North Dakota, Shado Sanders. 26 of 34, 4 45 4 touchdowns.


The buffs had two receivers go over a hundred yards. Jimmy Horne Jr. Had seven for 1 98, 1 touchdown. And Travis Hunter had seven for 1 32 and three touchdowns as they win. Excuse me, 31 26. Thank you guys for watching another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the rock runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the all Pro. Samo Juco, the Oregon State to Cincinnati Liberty City Zone. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast.


Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every podcast subscriber counts. And thank you guys for helping us do what we've been able to do over the last year. Please make sure you go order your abolish Shea by La Porter. If we're not in a state near you and or city, state or city near you. Order it, ship it right to your door. Please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platform that Shesha Media and my clothing company. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Everything is 20% off right now and the tour t-shirts drop tomorrow. Again. Colorado survives a scare beat. North Dakota State 31 26 at Shura Sanders.


26 or 34. 4 45. Four touchdowns. One INT. I'm unc. He's ocho. We're out. The Volume


Vitamin Water was born in New York because New Yorkers wanted more, like more flavor to go with all the flavor. A refreshing drink after climbing six flights of stairs to a walkup apartment or standing in the subway station in a hundred degree heat. Drink vitamin water. It's from New York.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Plug in a Hyundai EV. And the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ionic five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iac. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Is getting gas at shell burning a hole in your wallet? What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with drop. You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop eight eight to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. After a summer is spent enjoying the outdoors, fall is the perfect time to stock up on all your self-care favorites for you and your entire family. Now through October 1st shop, in store or online. and save. When you purchase items like Flonase Allergy Relief, Colgate toothpaste, Advil Caplets, or Colgate toothbrushes, get back into your self-care routine. Offer ends October 1st. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.