
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage A war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia's pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with drafting sports book. With live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion applied. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths and a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test, a prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0, and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Tell your family, friends and loved ones to do likewise. Likewise, y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, the number 85, the Route runner extraordinaire, the bingo ring of Fame ought re. He's a pro bowler former all pro. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thank you guys again for joining us.


I wanna thank all you guys for your continued support. You guys have been riding with us from day one up down late technical difficulties, things that OCHO has gone through, myself has gone through. We know we can always count on our loyal fans to be here supporting us and we greatly, greatly appreciate that. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock, obviously. We just came through Maryland. Maryland. I wanna thank you. Right now we set a record Total Wines in Laurel, Maryland, 61 cases. We did over a hundred cases in the two stops lax liquors. Thank you for your support guys. You guys have been showing up and I can't thank you enough. Everybody at Team La Portier, we greatly, greatly appreciate your support and your continued support.


We're looking forward to seeing you. We've got three stops tomorrow, well, two tomorrow, another one on Tuesday, and then we head down to my home. Savannah. Savannah, don't disappoint me. We're counting on you to break the record that we just said less than a week ago. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. But trust me, sooner or later we're gonna be in a state or a city near you. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, she media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked. We just dropped our Super Bowl merch. It's a a t-shirt and a hat bundle.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are very limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please order yours while supplies last. OCHO selection Sunday is here. Oh yeah. The UNC Tar Hill is made to field as an another 11 seed. Whew. God heard a lot of prayers in the south region despite winning all of one game against Quad One competition. Right. The tournament birth helps Hubert Davis avoid second tournament absence in three years. The number one seed in that division is the Auburn Tigers, although they didn't win the SEC. The SEC set a record, if I'm not mistaken, with 14 total teams in the tournament.


Yeah, OCHO Congress must have had a special session to get Carolina in, right? It either took a, it would either night to Congress or something from God, because I can't explain how they were able to make the field. Hey, do you think, do you think, is it a possibility the reason that they are in is the fact that they have their athletic director being part of the selection committee or that has nothing to do with it? I'm just curious. Well, I mean, hey, he's only one vote. How the hell, how the hell you overlook the inequities, right? And you look at their more qualified teams. There are teams that beat Carolina that didn't make the tournament.


And I understand what tar the, the Tar heels are. They're one of the blue bloods. You look at Carolina, you look at Duke, you look at Kansas, right? Yukon, Kentucky. Right. You know, there's there, there are five or six schools that You know you can pencil in. Same thing in in football, right? You look at Alabama or USC and Ohio State or Michigan, You know, things like that. And you get it. But I can't, I can't, and I'm a, everybody knows I'm a Tar Hill fan, right? I go way, way back. I go back before Michael Jordan got there when they lost in 81, right? To Indiana with Isaiah Thomas. If you, I know you don't remember ocho, but that was actually, they played that game on the day, the assassination attempt on Reagan.


Oh, John Hinkley tried to assassinate President Reagan and they thought about postponing it and they didn't. You you were like, I'm trying to think. You're probably four years old, so I know you don't remember. Hold On, hold on, hold on. What you, what you mean, uncle? I was there. I know what you're talking about. I was there. I remember what exactly what happened. Now listen, this is what I want people, you and also you to understand and the people in the chat understand when it comes to come to tournaments like this, think about college football when it comes to the selecting process. Let's understand the economical and business side of things, the money side. Okay. Now you say there are other teams that are deserving of being in the tournament. Now when it comes to bringing in the money and the revenue, are the other teams that you feel are are qualified other than North Carolina, will they be able to bring in the revenue the same way North Carolina will as well?


Let's understand that aspect of things when it comes to picking what teams are going to play, what team, what fans are going to show up. No, no, no, no, no, no. I mean to Tar Hills are one of the blue loves. You look at the pedigree, you look at the coaches that coach there, you look at the players that came out of there. But You know what I, and I, I get, I get, I get that to a degree, but this is not a lifetime achievement. There'll be a time that people get Lifetime Achievement Awards. Right? Right. You see them have the Vanguard Awards or you have their lifetime a achievement award. Yes. Yes sir. Oscar lifetime achievement. Right? Okay. But this is not now. Right? Right now this is a update. This is what have you done for me lately. Right. This is a resume. I'm looking at your resume for 20 24, 20 25.


Right. And it's not up to par. You didn't update it. And guess what? Your references are no good here. Yeah. Because the references that I want you to see is, did you beat Duke? Right? Did you beat to Kansas? Did you beat a uca? Did you beat some of the powerhouse teams that got the, you got one win. Right? All of these teams that we call Quad now, they call 'em Quad One. Right? You got one team, you got one win. I can't justify that. And I'm a Tarheel fan and I've been a Tarheel fan since 1981, but I can't, I can't wrap my arms around this. Listen, I I can't say Oh, because you are blue blood, right? They Coach Smith and Michael Jordan, James Worth, Vince Carter, all these guys, sir, that ain't got nothing to do with it right now. Yeah. Yeah. Michael Jordan is not playing right now.


Vince Carter is not playing right now. James Worthy and coach Rest, his soul. Coach Smith is not coaching right now. That ain't got nothing to do with right now. Right now I do not believe they have, forget deserving. I don't believe they earned the right right to be in the tournament. That just me. You're Right. You right. You listen. You, you Right. But when it comes to the tournament, You know, just like, just like our, our our brother down at down there in Dallas with the star on the helmet. Yeah. You know what the bottom line is? Yeah. We, we know what the bottom line is. Now when you are, when you're a fan of the game, those who watch the, the game of college basketball or any sport at the collegiate level, the bottom line always remains the same. And it always will. And this shows you why that remains the most important things Put North Carolina in there.


They understand what it does for them from an advantageous standpoint when it comes to making as much revenue as possible. As long as North Carolina's in that tournament. Yeah. Everything you said their up their, their resume, they shouldn't be there. It hasn't been updated in a very long time, but because of who they are and what they've done historically being rich in history, that's why they in I don't agree. I I agree with you And you a North Carolina fan, there are people in the chat that probably agree with you as well. I mean, who wouldn't even the blind man can see there's no re no reason they should be there. But that money, money talks. Huh?


It talks, it talks and it's gonna walk in every single time. Right. And You know, that's the south region region. You look at the east region Duke, even though we're cool a a a flag. Yeah. Without him being in there, they still was able to, to pull it through. I think they're deserving of the seed that they got. They got number eight, Baylor in that division. Mississippi State in the second round, potentially facing number four. Arizona. Right. Oregon to decide the, the elite. Eight Alabama's at the bottom, a flag comes back. Look, this is why people love marching madness ocho. Yeah. Because it's one game and the farther you go into the game And you haven't separated yourself.


Yes sir. The better, the more confidence the underdog or the lower seed starts to get confident. Yeah. And they're like, hold on, wait a minute, we still in this game. Yeah. We got the lead. That pressure starts to mount on the favorite and the the underdog, the lower seed starts to get more and more confident. That's why you get the upsets. That's why we love March Madness so much. Because most of the time, like if these teams play a duke play a team saying somebody knocks off Duke. If you're asking somebody to beat a Duke four outta seven times, it probably not gonna happen. Right. But for one night. Yeah. We've seen NC State knock off that legendary Houston scene. Oh yeah, yeah.


We've seen Duke knock off UNLV in 1990 when they were undefeated and just blew 'em out the previous year. Right. We've seen things like that happen before. Who else? Oh, Villanova in 85 when they shocked Georgetown. Yeah. After they had just won the pre. You get that and we love that. 'cause You know what? We got a small team, man. First of all, this team would not even never even schedule us, let alone, let alone a chance to beat them. Right. Oh, oh, we got 'em, we got 'em on the rope. You get a one 16, you get a two 15. Right. Or you get a, whatever the matchup may be, And you get it OCHO and the fans go crazy.


Yeah. That's why they call it March. March Mad madness. Yeah. Because it's maddening of what's transpired. Yeah. That's the east region OCHO in the Midwest. You got the Houston Cougars And you got the bottom, you got the bottom, you got Tennessee finished second and the SEC you got Kentucky also in there. You got the Georgia Bulldogs. I mean, considering that you got 14 from the SEC And you only got four regions, obviously you got, so you gonna get a lot of overlap. So basically you gonna probably get three, at least three teams Yeah. From that conference in every, in every region. Right. And in this situation, you got Tennessee, you got Kentucky, you got Texas, you got Georgia.


So you got four teams. 1, 2, 3, 4. Yeah. You got four, four teams from the Southeastern Conference in the Midwest region led by the Houston Cougars and in the West Florida headline that division. Division. And you got St. Johns. Man, kudos go out to Rick Patino. Yeah. Because all I know is, is when Rick goes somewhere Yeah. They're gonna go to the tournament. I don't care what they were the previous year. Every time, every time. And listen, I know the SEC has been playing phenomenal basketball all season long. They they play very well to date. But I have, I have St. John's winning this. Huh? I have what? Wow. I got St. John's. Well, I got St. John's winning this thing. Listen, I'm not a, I'm not a gambler man, but if I was, if I was and I was to put money on, on a tournament, if I was to make a bracket, You know, I could tell you won, who won't be in the end of that bracket hosting that trophy.


It's gonna be St. John. It's gonna be St. John there, anybody, is there anybody in the chat wanna make a friendly wager or a friendly bet under a hundred dollars? We could do so Rick, Rick Pitino don't play no games. No, he, he can coach. I mean, he Louisville, he went to Kentucky. I remember him at Providence. Yeah. NBA, he didn't have the success in the NBA that he had in college. But you look at the teams that he led to college, our own Providence, Kentucky, St. John's. Yeah. Louisville. I think it's been about five or six teams that he's taken to the, the tournament.


And they go deep. Providence went to the Final four when he had Billy Donovan. Obviously he won at Kentucky, if I'm not mistaken. I think that was 96 with Antoine Walker. Right. I think maybe was, was, I don't know if Monster Match was on that team, but I know Antoine Walker was on that team. And we see him, I think he wanted at Louisville when I was at, when I was at CBS, I think that was the year. So that was, had to be like 2010 early, early teens. 2010, somewhere around there. But he can flat out Coach O Joe. Oh yeah. He can just flat eye coach. You can get the best outta players. And you look at St. John's, I think they got a big booster. He's the founder of Body Armor and he says, whatever you need, I got you. I got you.


I got you. And that's kind of what you need to have, you need to have that backing to go out and get those top players. Because hey, if I'm not getting playing time at one place, Ocho, guess what? I'm gonna hop in that portal. What y'all got for your boy? Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna holler at you later. What, What you got for your boy Oche Yo. And sometime when I, when I think about it too, unc Yeah. You know, sometime you, I think that could be humbling too for players. Okay. When you can't, when you can't get on the court at a certain place, You know, that could be humbling. Now you think you, you, you think you, you think you're as good as you are here, but based on where you are And you can't get on the court. Man, it this NIL is saving a lot of people.


Yeah. At NIL they say it's saving a lot of


people. Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Unido Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers,


everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can bill credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network at m withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to it. Hiss knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I Mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


And what is done OCHO is that it has where before, Hey look, some people, some guys, I mean obviously it's leveled a playing field. Some guys were getting money even before NIL. Oh yeah, absolutely. But what it did, what it did Ocho, is that I had to wait. I had to wait. Yes sir. Now guys are really good now. Hey bro, they gonna get a couple hundred thousand Now I don't know if they're making the money like, like football players. No, no, No, no, no. 'cause You know, unless, unless you go to Duke Right. Or Carolina or something like that. A program that's, that that, that the basketball program is probably one of the cheap money makers. Now, Georgia obviously, You know, you got Georgia and Florida and You know, Alabama and things like that, right?


Yeah. Kentucky is a basketball school. So, but when you look at a couple of hundred thousand dollars, when You know your mom or grandma, you come from, You know, project housing or somewhat of a broken home, take it a long way. It gives you an opportunity to get some money to get them outta that situation, bro. Yeah. Take it a long way. I mean, for the most part, some now some kids like, hey, I remember when my coach Morrison, my brother's coach in South Carolina, he asked my brother, my brother was an All American, his junior year, had over 1100 yards, broke the school record, had an unbelievable season, right. Finished, You know, top five, top six in the Heisman voting. And he tried to encourage my brother to go pro. He says, I think going pro would really help your family situation.


Right. My brother told him, say, hell coach, we've been poor. Another year won't hurt. Yeah. Hey, another year my my brother really enjoyed college. He's like, look, we my, hey, everybody's gonna be fine. They can live. Hey, we lived in that house. My grandmother, that grandmother had been in that house for 30 plus years. Another year ain't gonna cost us any Do no ain't gonna do no harm, huh? Nope. Nope, nope, nope. Yeah. And he was right. Yeah, he right. And for us, that's the way, that's the way we looked at it. And I, I think the thing is, for some people, money ain't the end all be all. Right. For some you try to move as fast as you possibly can because you don't know what tomorrow holds.


Right. And some of these kids like, You know what, hey, I need to get this money. I wanna make sure my mom, my mom, my grandmother, my dad, whatever the case may be, is in a better situation. And some kids like, Hey, but I think today's, in today's game, mocho. Yeah. Like when you were, when I was younger And you probably in like the say the LA before 2003 and oh four when guys stayed Yes. All four years. Right. And I think now it's hard to get behind it because, You know, I, I'm watching, I'm like, guys, I really don't other, other than Cooper Flagg. Yeah. I couldn't name five college basketball players.


Right. I couldn't because they leave after their freshman year if they're really good. Right. Tim d Jordan stayed three years. Yeah. James Worth stayed three years. God stayed. Right. Ralph Samson stayed all four years. Tim Duncan stayed four years. And so you got an opportunity to know the player. Right. Or to look at dude Christian Lana and Grant Hill and Bobby Hurley, all those guys normally stayed. Right. Georgetown before Allen Iverson, nobody went and went and done at Georgetown. He was the first. Yeah. Those guys stayed pat you and stayed. And so you got an opportunity to like really know the guy. Hey, you, you, you think that's hurting the development of the players leaving, leaving for leaving for the NBAA little too early when they really, not really, unless you are a, unless you are a bonafide super star, unless you are a Kyrie Irving or Zion Williamson, like you, you think that they're leaving a little too early and knowing that they're not ready for the next level or you're not a difference maker that can actually change, change the dynamic of a franchise.


Could. That's your question. Talk to me, You a college, you, you, you go to college and somebody say, You know what, let's just say you a finance major. Yes sir. And here come Newberger Berman or Morgan Stanley or what's that big, there's this big, some big financial institution say, You know what, we got a quarter of a million for you at the job right now, you gonna say, nah, I don't think I'm ready. Somebody offer you that kind of money whether you're ready, you, you're probably gonna take it. Now sometimes people are like, no, I'm not ready. I'm gonna go back to school. But for more times than not. Right. You are the first overall pick you gonna be a a lottery pick. Okay. You gonna go get, you gonna go get that money because what, why are you going, why are you going to school?


Right. Okay. You are going to school, college is to help you get a degree so you can get, get or go make money when somebody wants to speed that process up or your, who am I to fight you, you Say No, you're right. Right. You're Right. Who am I to fight you? You right. You don just wanna speed the process up of giving me 20 million. Right. No, I I ain't fighting. Right. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm not, I I just can't, I just can't. I I'm not gonna fight you. Plus you see those, you see the mega contracts. Somebody about to get 400 million. Wait. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Did you, what you just said, you see those what contracts make make a contract. Contract. You know how, You know how good you have to be to be able to get those contracts now that I can't get 'em in college, even if, even if I'm great, let's just say for the sake of market, I'm great.


Can I get that in college? No. No. So I gotta speed the process of getting to the NFL. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm with you mean you. Right. I gotta speed that up to get to the NBA. But, but, but 'cause all I'm doing, the longer I stay in college is the longer I delay that opportunity Right. To get that kind of money. See, but that this is the thing to get that kind of money. You already know the type of players that gonna get that money Yes. That are in college. Those are the ones that can, that can be one. And That he saw Pat Mahomes in college. Did you think he was gonna be Pat Mahomes what you see right now when he was at Texas Tech? No. You didn't? No. Remember Joe Burrow? Joe Burrow couldn't even get on the field at Ohio State. Ohio State. Right. Joe Burrow was a third or fourth round pick his junior year. Yeah. Okay. I'm all right.


I got you. I could be So you don't, it is hard to really tell sometimes you can see it Ocho Yeah. And you say like Peyton Manning, you looked at Peyton Manning, you're like, boy, it's hard as hell. But there have been other guys that you thought that can't, can't miss. Right. And they miss like, Hmm, well I'm just staying within the context of basketball. Right? Yes. Especially college basketball. Their players. Listen, when you saw Zion, Zion Williamson, you knew what you was getting when you saw Kyrie Orrin at Duke. Unc You know what you was getting. Yes. You know, and I'm sure there's some, some, there's some other players that I can't name right now. At the top of my head, when you saw him play and they were, when they, they, You know, they were one and done, it was like, man, he Finn be that boy.


Right. He finna be that boy. You know, if ands a buss about it. And the thing is, it, it is just so hard just to, because you seen guys that were okay at the college, collegiate level being base be basketball or, or football be just okay. And they come in and they kill it. I mean, then you see guys like, oh, this guy can't miss. Oh, he gonna be, he gonna be bonafide. And you're like, bro, what happened? Yeah. It's different. And so the opportunity presents itself. OCHO is like when the opportunity presents itself because you're going to school to get a degree. Yes sir. So you can make money. Right. Somebody wants to feed my process up.


Ocho I'm not denying it. Now I can drive ocho you can drive from Miami to la but Delta wanna speed your process up in which you get there or you to fight them. Nah, I don't wanna get there. I don't wanna get there in five hours. I wanna get there in four days. Yes sir. No, no, I don't, I don't, I don't work like it don't work like that. Yeah. So that's just for me, that's just the way I look at it. Like I said, the, the collegiate game, I think look the women, because they're forced to stay. You know him, you saw Kaitlyn Clark for four years, right? You see, you see these, you see these women.


You going see Juju. You gonna see a Paige Becker's. Yeah. You gonna see Hannah Hidalgo, you saw Mile Moore, you saw Diana Tara Rossi. Right. You saw Candace Parker, you saw Shamika Ho Clark. You saw these women where the guys running the boom. Kevin got Kevin the ranch gone. Damn Texas. Damn. I thought y'all had something. Boom. You already got gone. Boom. And so now it's the guys in college if you are really good and if a guy's really good right. He gone after one. Oh yeah. Juju Watkins could have went to the WNBA last year, but she unfortunately she can't go. Right. Paige Becker should have been Paige Becker was freshman of year was the player of the year or freshman year.


Right. Cooper Flag is about to be freshman of the year. Cooper flag ain't coming back. He ain't coming back to Duke. He not no matter. How about, oh he's, oh I might come back. I'm having such a great time. No Bull Dige It, that's it. He outta there. Huh? He outta there. Yeah. He be fool is not to, lemme ask you a question. Yeah. If you are the first overall pick this year, how much higher can you go? Yeah. You can't go higher than number one pick on Cho. Yeah. So what, what, what am I coming back Before? Before? Yeah. He nice. Now he really, he nice. Hey what, speaking, speaking of, speaking of Flag, what is the extent of his injury and how long do you think he be out?


He stepped on, he stepped, he jumped up for a rebound and came down on somebody's ankle. Right Ankle. Yeah. And You know how that is. Yeah, that could be. I mean, he didn't play it. I'm sure they doing everything they can. They resting it, they icing it. They got compression on it, they keeping it elevated. Right. But who knows? He might be able to play. They might try ocho they might try to squeeze by, I mean they should be able to, hold on. Lemme see. They, they should be able to be American to mount St. Mary's. They probably should be able to get past Mississippi State or Baylor. Yeah. Hopefully they can go, You know, maybe to the second week. Don't have to play 'em until they get, You know, something like that. Yeah. Lee eight.


It, it's a funny thing about Mars Madness is as, as good as they are. Unc ain't no telling what's gonna happen when they play some of these small. You don't, You don't, ain't No telling what's gonna happen because it's just one game. I ain't got To to lose. I ain't got no pressure on me Ocho. Exactly. I'm supposed to lose. You are supposed to win. Right. I'm supposed to lose. So I can throw caution to the win. Right. I can shoot as many threes as I want. I can play one, I can play whatever kind of DI can play, You know, zone. I can play a 1 3 1, I can play a 2 1 2, I can do whatever. Yes sir. Because I'm not supposed, I'm not supposed to beat you. You're supposed to beat me. Me. Yeah. And the longer the game goes goes and there's really no separation between the two teams, the more Confident They get, the more confident the underdog get.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So I'm excited. Yeah, Yeah. I'm excited too. Like I said, but, but the cat's out the bag now. You know, once Kentucky started having these one and Dones. Yeah. You know, you got Kat you got ad you got all these guys one and done. You got the Tyler Heroes, you got the Jamal Merge, you got the books, you got, You know, you got on the Shea Gil just one and done and then you get the Dukes one and done. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, I think Elm Brand might've been the first one and done at, in 99. I think he might've been the first one and done. He Went, he went to the six. He didn't go to the sixes first. Did he? He went to the Clippers if I'm not mistaken. No Clipper, I mean Clipper Clippers. Clippers first. Yeah. Yeah. I think he might've been the first one and done.


Oh yeah. So he kind of like started that process. Right. Of the one and dones at, at at at at Duke. And then obviously, You know, you have Kyrie And you have other guys that came after that. Right. But Layner, think about Layner stayed all the years. Bobby Hunter was there, grant, he was there. Damn. All those guys. And so no, once Grant, I mean once Elton, if I'm not mistaken, I think he was the first one and done just like Iverson was the first one and done at, at, at Georgetown. At Georgetown. And it was It and it happens. I mean, but we'll see. Oh yeah, we'll see.


Ocho. So you got the SEC center tournament record conference with 14 teams in the field. Yeah. Number one Auburn. Number four. Texas A and M, number six. Mississippi State, Mississippi, university of Mississippi. One's in Starksville, they're in the south. Al number two, Alabama, no old Mr. Res. Excuse me. The rebels are in the south. Number two, Alabama, number eight. Mississippi State, they're in star in the east. Number one Florida. Number six. Missouri. Number eight, Oklahoma. Number 10. Arkansas. They're in the west. Number two, Tennessee. Number three Kentucky. Number nine, Georgia. Number 11, Texas. They're all in the MI Midwest after banner regular season.


The onus is on the SEC to deliver on the well-deserved respect by sending multiple team to the second weekend, potentially two or more all the way to the final four. Yeah. It's gonna be, it's gonna be real sad. They don't get somebody all the way to the final four. Yeah. Gonna be real. You got 14 ocho. There's only 65, 60. Well they got, I think they got what, two players? 65. So you only got a half. You only got, so basically you sit a quarter of the damn fing. Yeah. It's gonna be, it's gonna be, it's gonna be sad. Ocho it's kind of, it's kinda like, it's kind like ocho you got and, and, and, and, and in football, let's just say for the sake of argument, you got like four or five teams from the FEC.


You only got a 12 team field. Right. And you don't get nobody play for the national championship, eh? Yeah. It's gonna be, it's gonna be bad. Look, I don't, I don't, I don't have the date. I don't have the dates right in front of me. When, when, when does the tournament start? Exactly? Next Thursday. Next Thursday. You not, are you going, are you going to any of the games? If it's close to No, Go on. Let's get, bro, Let's put, bro, I'm in. I bro, I just, bro, I'm just, I'm in eight cities in 10 days. You think I wanna get back on a plane and go see? No bro. I You like flying. You like traveling. I don't, I understand. It's a part, it's a part of, of my job. Right.


But if I got some, if I got some downtime right, I'm taking it. Okay. But I'm just, I'm just saying if I had, if I have tickets, which I probably will have, if I have tickets to a good game, would you accompany me to a game, be sick, courtside little popcorn, hot dogs and No, Unfortunately you, I'm gonna have to tell, You know, I don't have to pass on that one, Man. That, that's messed up. That's Joe. That's cold. That's cold. O Joe. I just left. I just left bro. I was in my, I was just in your neck of the woods. You weren't even there because was you always talking about holler at your boy, I'm in your neck of the woods. But listen, you came, you came to Miami not letting me know you were coming to Miami. 'cause if you were coming to Miami, I would've canceled a trip with my kids to the Dr and I would've stayed here just so I could have came and supported you.


You know, with, with the, with the le I could, I could have been. I knew no ma Matter of fact, I could have been your mascot with the La Porter bottle with the, with the costume on. Yeah. Damn. Need You, I need you to get a lounge and sell my product in your lounge. That's what I need you to do. You Know what, now that's a good idea with the, with the way things are going right now. Me, me, I'm, You know, a cigar lounge. What you think about a cigar lounge? Yes. Yes. 85. 80 85 place. Yes. And in order to come in the 85 space, not only do you have to get a cigar, you have to first buy a bottle of La Portier. No, I mean, I mean the, the thing it, it pairs well with cigars.


It pairs, pair pairs well with food. Right. It'd be interesting to see what you, some of your, your drinkers, what they think, what it pairs, votes best with. Right. Something bold, You know, You know, you like a mild problem, something mild. I mean, what do you like, you like something mild, you like something bold, you like something flavorful. Yeah. I mean, for, for me, I like, I like my cigar depending on if I've eaten or not. If I, if I've eaten already, I like, I like it heavy. Okay. Heavy Or spicy. If I haven't eaten, I want something mild. Okay. No, I, nothing, nothing, nothing too strong. But for me, and, and the bad thing I like about it is lepo your LaPorte, your, your co how you say it?


Coac, Cognac. God damnit your cognac is doing so well. It's to the point where I want to try it. I continue as long it's been for me. I, listen, it's been 47 years. I have yet to have alcohol and consume it on a normal, on a normal basis. Now we had the, we had the live show in Vegas. Yeah. It touched my, it touched my tongue a little bit. It touched my tongue a little bit. Yeah. But I still have yet to drink. And it's, it's, it's itching me as long as it's been, I've been still never had alcohol. I'm, I'm, I'm wanting to get into it. I'm wanting to get into wines. I keep learning about white wines. Yeah. I'm learning about red wines. I'm learning about, about, about different coac and stuff like that. So I'm trying to hold off as long as I can and, and not be a drinker.


And I, I, I think I'm gonna be able to do it. I think by the time I hit 50, I'm, I'm gonna start enjoying Yeah. Enjoying some, some, some liquor. Yeah. It's, it's, we're doing really well. And that's thanks to everybody that's showing up. Like, like I said, Marilyn, I want to get, take my hat off to you. Even Connecticut. They showed up and, and I don't wanna take my hat off to you, Connecticut, we're about to get a a a a distribution in, in Delaware. We're about to in, in the next 60 to 90 days, we're about to be in NYC. Yeah. So I'm looking forward to coming back there and, and, and, and having signers and meeting some of the people. You know, obviously we have, we have the taste while you're there so you can taste it before you buy it or after you buy it.


And, and people, like I said, o your people really love it. And I'm, I'm glad that was the, the thought process that when we came up with this idea and we're a small batch cognac. We get to control it. We don't add anything additive, no artificial colors or ingredients. But I can't thank that. I like that. You got, you gotta tell your team. We got, matter of fact, I'm gonna be on the next, all the, all the next stops you got. Yeah. Tell Ash to gimme a, a LaPorte costume. And I'm gonna get, I'm gonna put, I'm gonna put it on and You know, the people would be on the corner la with the company, with the company signs And you spin the Side. Yeah. The spinning, the, Hey, hey, why you signing?


I'm gonna be right there. I'm be right there. Spin, spin the side with a, yeah. We gonna get that thing jumping. So Yeah, it's, but it, it's been great. But I mean, look, here's the thing. Ocho and, and, and I tell people this with any business, for me, I understood that, You know, doing all my research and what it takes to the spirits company and being a celebrity, because that's how they're gonna look at you. You a celebrity. Yes sir. And you getting into, especially the spirits or something like that. It's a process. You gotta grind. You gotta do a lot of work. 'cause sometimes I think celebrities think they can just slap their name on something. Oh no. And because of who they are. Uhuh, it doesn't work like that, man. It don't work like that. It really, it really doesn't. And so I, I was very fortunate, and this is like a, a downtime for me right now, Ocho before we start the tour.


And so, and I told him, I said, look, give me time. If, if, if y'all are gracious enough to take, take on distribution of this product, right? Once my season is over and I get past the Super Bowl, I will come to every little, I will come to where you guys need me to come. I let, they determine now they, the distributors determine, determine what stores I'm going to go in. Now there's a prerequisite. You have to get X amount of cases. But with that being said, they determine it. Total wines has been one of our biggest one. If, if probably right now our biggest retailer. Right. They've been great from the jump. We started out in Nevada OCHO with Lee's Liquor.


Yeah. They were amazing. We went to Houston Specs. Ms. Lindy, thank you again for the hospitality. Everybody has been great. When I go into A GSM, which is a general sales meeting, and look at those distributors in the eye and they see the passion of which I talk about this product, they see, You know, I've done the research and the homework and went over there and to learn as much as I could. Not only did I read about it, I've gone to the region. I'm going back again to understand what VSOP is a very special old pale something brew between four and six years. And You know, you go, You know, You know an XO and an X xo and then you start getting to the specialty names and, and You know, the process, it has to originate the first two years in that region, which is cognac.


Right. And it has to go through a process, man, but it's well worthy. Like, damn, I feel like I know something. And so when I show up and I talk to them, they're like, okay. Yeah. He yeah, yeah. He's serious. Yeah. He's, he not, he not, he ain't no, Hey, he ain't they somebody just gave No, no, no, no, no, no. So they, they wanna see y'all. Like y'all total wines has been unbelievable. Lee Liquor specs. A, B, C. We're about to have distribution. Oh, well we got it in Florida now. Yeah. I'm great. So I'll be, I'll be back down. I think the next time they're probably gonna have me to come to the Orlando area. So I'm I I, I'm extremely, extremely excited.


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Montey Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


If you love to travel, capital One has a rewards credit card that's perfect for you. With the Capital One Venture X Card, you earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy. Plus you get premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels. When you book on Capital One travel and with Venture X, you get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Open up a world of travel possibilities with a Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet Terms apply lounge access is subject to change. See capital one.com for details.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady J repeat winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say Orma Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Ready Bracket makers. Were not kind to Michigan. Michigan is the biggest losers in this year's field. Ocho. The Wolverines are number five seed in the south despite beating Michigan, excuse me, Wisconsin, for the Big 10 Championship. Meanwhile, the Badgers are the three seed in the East. Michigan also plays on in Denver, plays on Thursday in Denver, giving them a short turnaround time to recover from the ground of the Big 10 tournament. And the Wolverines would take on the number 12 uc, San Diego, which ended the regular season at number 35 in their ranking after going 30 and four and four and two against Quad one and Quad two competition.


Damn. Say, hey, here's your award for winning the big 10. Get your ass on the road on Thursday. Yeah. And play. And play a top tier opponent. Look at some point in time, whether it is early or late. The further you go, the better the competition's going to get every time. That's just the way it works. That's just the, and it ain't gonna be no law. I mean, you might think someone's easy in the beginning, but eventually it's gonna, You know, you gonna get your comeuppance. Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm ready. That's all. That's all I know. You ready?


St. John's earned the number two seed in the tournament. Rick Perino's, second season as head coach. This is now his 16 that Pitino has coached, has taken to the NCA tournament. He pro coached Boston University, Providence, Kentucky, Louisville, Iona, and St. John's. He had led team, the 20 19 96 Kentucky team and the 2013 Louisville team, which had to be vacated. Man, stop vacating. They won that title. All that bull drive he large and file success after taking over program that was struggling before his arrival. 'cause he can coach. He good. Yeah. Very no matter. No matter where he goes.


Yeah. Look at Coach Saban, look at what he did, where he went. Look at went Toba, went to LSU, they win the national championship, he goes to Alabama and he becomes the greatest college coach at ball Time. Same thing with the urban. Urban with that bowling Green. Look at what he did at Bowling Green. Look at what he did in Utah. Look at what he did at Florida. Florida. Look at what he did at Ohio State. It's hard to argue. It's hard to argue that level of success when you go and the program elevates national champ National Championship came to Florida back to back.


Yeah. Coach Saban back to back. They winning the SEC, You know, they go in into the player for the national championship damn near every year. I mean, he won six, but how many times he lost to Clemson? Twice in the national championship game. He lost to Georgia in the championship game. That's, that's three times he lost, he lost to Ohio State before he got there once. So Hold on. Huh? Who you got? You still ain't mentioned? I said I got St. John winning the whole thing. Who you got winning? North Carolina. North Carolina's. Your team. They been, That's my team. They winning. They, they not winning. And I can't pick Duke. I can't pick you. What? Wait, wait, wait. What you mean you can't pick Duke? I can't pick Duke.


That's Burns team. We are not allowed to pick each other's team. Okay. Okay. So you said, And I, I wish I don't look here. If everybody said we forfeited, I'm still taking somebody other than Duke. Okay. I'm not taking Duke. So if, if you, if you had, if you had money, if you had money in the tournament, you just basically, you, you putting your money down the drain. Whatever. I ain't taking Duke. Okay. That ain't happening. I got, we, I, because That, Hey, 'cause one year that Joker, we used to, we used to pick brackets, right? And one year I had to joke a beat. And then he took, he ended up taking Carolina in which they won and he beat me. So I came out with like, no, you cannot take my team.


You cannot, we cannot pick each other's team no more. Okay. I, I got you, I got you. No, no, no. Hell no. So that's how that, that's how that goes. I'm not picking Duke. Like I said, I've been a, and I, I'm trying to think, I've been a Carolina fan since 81. When they had this, they had Al Wood, Jimmy Black James Worthy. People don't remember that, that that goes way back. They lost, I they lost to Bobby Knight, Isaiah's, Isaiah, hey, Bobby Knight, Isaiah Thomas was on that team. He was the most outstanding turn player. Right. They had Wegman, they had Rolando Turner who ended up getting paralyzed shortly after he flipped his car and he ended up getting paralyzed.


So I've been a Carolina fan that long ago. Right? 40 years. But, and he, he, I don't know why this joker looked, I think because I think Grant Hill from Virginia Grant, he's Grant Hiller from Virginia. And so that's his team. No, no, no, no. I got you. All right. All right. That, that's not, that's not, that's not happening. Ocho now to the more exciting selection, the Women's March magic selection, the UCLA Lady Bruins are the number one overall seed for the first time in program history. Normally they're known for softball, normally volleyball, yeah.


Even beach volleyball, but not now basketball. Now the New Ladies of Westwood, the first 31 seat, 30 win season in program history. There are 30 and two both losses, if I'm not mistaken, came to the USC Trojans, lady Trojans. Yeah. And it's their first number one ranking in associated front. The third time a team has held it for 12 consecutive week weeks. Corey close team, after losing in the sweet 16 the past two seasons, is seeking his first ever trip to the final four. Yeah. Stanford misses the tournament for the first time since 1987. Woo.


The Cardinals were Mr in the streak of 36 consecutive appearances. Only Tennessee, which has made the tournament every year since the tournament began in 1982. Right. Has had a longer run. Look, I can't believe that Stanford didn't make it. You know, the great Miss Coach Tar Tara vanderveer, she won two national championships and when she had, Jennifer Zy had a great team. Obviously we know what Coach Summit did. Coach Summit, what this thing was all about. She's, she's, she is, she's a Mount Rushmore and coaches coaching women's college.


Women's college basketball women coach. Yeah. She's the stand bearer. Her and Coach o Gino. But these, the talent's spreading out now Ocho Yeah. Because before everybody went to Tennessee, everybody went to Yukon. And that's why you got Yukon to Connecticut. Damn near playing every year. Now they started spreading out, they started going to Baylor and they started going to, You know, a couple of other teams and You know, like, oh damn. Yeah, it, listen, it just like football when it comes to NIL I'm not saying NIL is a reason, but the fact that the ladies are are, are willing to go other places now because I'm sure there, there are reasons behind that. You know, it evens the playing field and it gets some of these other teams in the tournaments and get some of these other schools, You know, winning Natty now for a chance.


South Carolina. South South Carolina. Yeah. We Oh, the Lady Gamecock. Coach Staley, You know, they got, they have had some, You know, it started with Asia. Yeah. Then they have Aaliya Boston and then they had those, those women. Courtney Cordova, who's most outstanding player last year when we know Coach Staley, when she was at Virginia, I think she went, she didn't win a national championship, but she had her team there every single year in the final four after end of the fast food tournaments, undefeated the lady game Gamecock, the 30 and three, which is still ultra elite. They lost UCLN November to Yukon and Texas in February. But they also lost the SEC regular season coach championship Texas twice, including a elite.


Ah, they beat Texas. Didn't the lady Gamecock beat Texas? Oh, what you said. Hold on. You got, they also beat the SEC Coach Champ. Oh, they beat, oh, they beat Texas twice, including in the championship. Yeah. Look, she didn't coach. Yeah. I mean, I never thought, I never thought that pro, that just goes to show you that coaching matters at that level. Because the lady Gamecocks, if I'm not mistaken, I think Don was at Rutgers when she at Rutgers at, or Temple Temple.


She might've been at an al alma mater temple. And she gets that. 'cause I think See Miss, miss Stringer, see Vivian Stringer was at Rutgers. But anyway, they get Coach Staley, Hey, took off, this is what I can do. Y'all check my resume, wooden player of the year, gold medal, blah, blah, blah. They get Asia Wilson. Ooh. And they start getting, they start getting these, they started getting these women and they get a Leo Boston and they get Cordova and they get boom, boom, boom. And the next thing You know, here we are. It's a trickle effect. It is. It's, they Keep keep on, they keep on coming one after the other. Yeah. Yeah. She was at Temple. She was at Temple before. Because You know, she's a, she's a Philly kid.


Kid. She's a Philly lady. She went to, she was from Philly, goes to Virginia. So Yes, but Hey, USC I'm sure USC. Yes. That's few Go go, go Ahead. Or no, I'm gonna say that, that that tournament's gonna be really good, huh? Yeah. South Carolina, USC, Texas, Oly all secured. Number one seeds again for me. I got St. John with the men's and with the women's, I'm going with us USC and I'm simply, I'm Simply You go with Juju. Listen, I'm going, I'm going with Juju. But Juju's phenomenal. You know, she's arguably the best player in the country.


She's dominant. She's the dominant score. You can do it. Listen, she could drive you, she can put it, put it on the floor. Midrange. Oh yeah. She, she, she also, she hit you from, she hit you from three, she average 25. I mean, in high pressure moments. In high pressure moments when you need it, when you need it best. I'm not saying she's Kobe or she got that mamba mentality based on what I've Seen. Oh yeah, yeah. When it matters most, and I got to have it, man, I I need that rock. I need that ball That she trained with the guys O Joe, she trained with the guys. Phil Handy does a lot of work with her.


Yeah. She got a great Cardoza. I think that's her name. Isn't that one? That went number five. She might have went number two overall to Chicago Sky. Is it Cardoza, Ash, Cardoso? The, the, yeah. Cardoso. Cardoso. Okay. But when you look at, when you look at Juju Yeah. And you look at the way she plays. Yeah. Her game reminds me of Maya Moores. Okay. She got a jump shot. Yeah. She could score at all three levels. She can shoot the three ball. She got a tremendous mid-range game. She can put the ball on the floor. You watch her, she can finish at the ram. She got a nice step through. She got a nice euro step.


Yeah. She's unbelievable. She's, she's a complete, yeah. Nice. She, she, she's, she's complete. Yes sir. She's the closest thing that I've seen since to Maya Moore. Since Maya Moore. Right. I'm sure she's, they, they're disappointed. They didn't finish winning the, the, the tournament today. It is what it is now. Yeah. Because at the end of the, You know, you wanna win the tournament, you wanna win as many things you can, you play, you start the season off, you go to these tournaments, you wanna win that. You get the, you wanna win the regular season, you wanna win the, the the postseason and then you wanna win the national championship. Hey. Oh God. Don't At the end of the day win the national championship. All is forgiven ahead. Don't, I don't mean to interrupt you. Breaking news.


Bengal, Jamar, chase and Tee Higgins exclusively tell me they've agreed to contract extension with the team. Jamar gets four years, 161 million with 112 million, 112 million guaranteed making the highest paid non quarterback in NFL history. Tee Higgins gets four years, 115, a hundred with the first two years guaranteed making him the highest paid wide re wide receiver two in NFL history. Wow. Congratulations brother Jamar, chase brother t Higgins, they got that deal done. Joe Burrow. I know Joe is happy, very happy to keep that, keep that unit together. Obviously me. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't think it would be possible.


I didn't think it would be possible. Obviously I can't break down the numbers right now in, in front of me, but the fact that Joe was able to keep the, the two main targets, two guys Yeah. Yeah. Take, take, keep the two main guys together, man is, is a really good thing. And that, that's a step in the right direction for us. And, and, and finishing, You know, what we need to, to get back to, to, to, to the promised land at the end of the season. So I'm happy, I'm happy for them. I'm, I'm excited. I and kudos to, to, to the Blackburn family, to Mike Brown and getting that done, and let's get some work on that defense end now.


Yeah. I don't, I don't see how they, I don't see how they pay Trey Hendrickson. He wants north of 30 million, right? Yeah. I don't see, I don't see how, I'm not saying it can't be done. I just don't see how Joe do, Do you think it's possible to still pay Tre? What, what do, what do you think? I mean that, that, that's tying all that Ty all Yeah. That's tying all the money up and just in, in four, four Players. Yes. He going, he gonna want, he want north than 30. Right. Man has 35 sacks in two years. Nobody touch, nobody has that many sacks in the past two years. Right. You've been a pro Bowl of both years. Right. I, I just don't, like I said it, could it happen? Yes. And the question is that you have to ask yourself or Joe, is the opportunity to go to a Super Bowl potentially winning over the next two years?


Is that worth, is that worth potentially being a salary cap? Ha In 27, 28. Right. Well, also, this is about, this is about 25, 26 ocho. This is what this is about. Right? Well, You know, the, listen, there, there's a way you can get out, out salary, salary cap. Hell is by continuing to restructure those that have large, large contracts Yeah. Restructuring, take some back. But All you do is kicking it down the road. Right. You, you don doing anything, you kicking it down the road because that Yeah. That balloon baby gonna come do now. Oh, at some point. At some point. Hey, congratulations. I I know, I know. All on, listen, I know my Bangal fans.


I know, know y'all happy man. Zenday. I I love you. The deal has gotten done. I'm excited. I'm happy. I'm happy for both of them. I just wanna make sure we do what we need to do on the defensive end of the ball. Where, where we had our problems, our issues offensively, it just started late. Just start late in, in the beginning of the season. We need to fix that. Fix that. What one I think, I think we going, we gonna be all right. But we need to work on that defensive side of the ball and get some, get some offseason acquisitions in, You know, some help on defense. And I think we gonna be all right. All right. Yeah. Who they, OJ Brooks breaking news.


Higgins and Chase are back. I mean, let's see, 41. That's 71 Joe Burrow. So that's $126 million annually tied up with three players. That that's life. How much, How much is that tie between two? Huh? 55 million for Joe. 41 for Chase. 30 foot Higgins. Okay. Oh three Esco good too. That's 126 million. I like that. I, I, I, that means, so that, that means if you sign, if you sign, if you sign Hendrickson, that's a hundred and that's a hundred.


That'd be over 150 million. So you'll you'll have half your cap over half your cap in four players. Woo. I just don't see how to do it. We'll see how to do Hold on. But listen, two weeks, Huh? Listen, I, I think it's gonna pay off. This is something this is have, have the Bengals ever rolled the dice like this before? No. Huh? Has Mike Bryant ever rolled the dice if you won change? Sometimes you have to do things different. True. The definition of insanity and doing the same thing over and over and over and over, and getting the same results and expecting something to change the fact that he's willing to change that, that the, the fact that the, the, the Blackburn family and the Mike Brown family are willing to do something different.


It lets You know all, You know what? We are intent on winning. We're intent on winning and doing what's necessary to make sure we do for one to contend in the A SC North and then further ourselves in the playoffs when the time comes. I like it. I like it. I'm excited. I'm excited. I saw TT Higgin just tweeted. T Higgin just tweeted the handshake handshake emoji. That's, that's dope. That's tight. That's tight. I'm happy. I'm excited. Yeah. So when we went the A FC North, You know why? Hey, happening did, did, did the, did the Ravens trade L Jack, hold on, hold On, hold on, hold on.


Let's, that's this. That's not what we got. This, this what? We not going do this, this is not what we going do the, the FFC north this year. I'm not talking about what's happened in the past. I'm talking about this year. It's running through Cincinnati. It's running through 5 1 3. I'm just letting You know ahead of time. Hey, no one has ever said the road to the Super Bowl goes through Cincinnati. You know what? They're not about to start And no, and, And You know what happened? No one has ever seen Mike Brown and Troy and Katie do what they've done today. Okay. Okay. All right. We can go.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


The Jeep Celebration event is your chance to start a brand new adventure. Hurry in for an exceptional offer on our go anywhere, do anything SUVs right now. Current FCA leases can finance and get $7,000 total cash allowance on the purchase of the 2025 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo four by four, no turn in required current vehicle must be registered to consumer at least 30 days prior to purchase to qualify financing for well-qualified buyers through Stellantis Financial. Not all customers will qualify. Residency restrictions apply. Take retail delivery by 3 31 25 Jeep is a registered trademark.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, goal Hope isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want keep up with us and here's Yapp. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Just a few weeks ago, Notre Dame was ranked number one team in the country since then, the beginning of the defeat and double overtop the NC State, the A, the Irish have lost three of their past five games. The S select selection committee seemed to punish them for their sloppy finish, giving them the number three seed in Birmingham region. That's a tough draw. Trumper a tougher draw than the Irish expected. But Notre Dame beat Texas, USC Yukon, North Carolina, duke, in the regular season, a particular collection of impressive wins that no other team in the country can boast. Well, South Carolina got, lemme look it Texas, South Carolina, South Carolina, UCLA, Southern Cal.


Hell, I might just take, I might take the three number one seed and Notre Dame. That is because you a lot of times, don't you, you don't get the same, the upsets right. In the women's game like you do the men's game. Right. So I can't pick the same team you pick. I gotta pick somebody different. I mean, it's you. Listen, if you, if you knew what was best for you, if you knew better, you'll do better. So it's okay to pick it's you, it's okay to pick one. It's okay to pick one I'm picking. No, because we gotta, we got a bet. Oh, I still owe you, I still owe you 5,200.


You sure you want be some more? You sure do. I'm glad you brought that up. I wasn't gonna even break that up. You sure do owe me money. I was wondering Cat, if y'all ever seen somebody not paid the debt, man, I'm about to send that thing I about. Hey, I'm about to turn your thing into the credit man. Hey, I'm in. Mess your credit up. Hey, I've been the mess his credit up Chad. See y'all, Chad. Y'all be a man, man. Stolen by unc, by stolen by. Nah man, I best credit, I been send up, get credit report. See, but it's, this is a good thing though. As long as I owe you, you'll never go broke. Not the fact that you would ever be in that position anyway. It's just the fact that if you ever needed it, You know I got you.


You know I want Got You. I want got me. If you gimme my 5,200, I won't need you to get me. I got me. I know, but I just wanna make sure, I just wanna make sure everything stay on the up and up. So I'm gonna just, I'm gonna hold on to it. Hey, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna tell you what, You know what, listen, I told you in 2025, I done, I done put myself back in the fashion again. I ain't put clothes on, on in about 27 years. And I told myself, You know what, this year I'm gonna step, I'm gonna step all year long. Which is outta character for me. 'cause I don't really, I'm, I'm a lazy dresser most of the time and had been for 20 some plus years. And You know what I say, I'm gonna treat myself in 2025.


I'm up for some clothes on. So I done spent your 5,200 on outfits. You huh? You don my outfit. I just picture, I tell you what, when I see I'm gonna snatch 'em off your ass, I'm make, Hey Chad, I'ma make it, I'ma make it my dress. Right. They on stage at the live bit. I said I'ma pull that act right gadget out. I'm gonna make him take on ass all that. I'm gonna make him come up outta it. How you gonna jump about he done spent my money on you. I've noticed that Every time I see him say that he gonna be beef fool. He got on chain out. I, Listen, I'm this, this year, this this 2025 is the year of Ocho.


It's the year me, I'm treating myself because I I've always been doing for others for so long. For, I'm talking about for years on for years. I ain't really never done nothing nice for yourself. Who you do For me. Huh? What you do for me? I am, I I'm I got your money now. That aint that ain't the problem. I'm just gonna hold onto it for you. Just, just in case like, You know when there's a fire, you break the glass And you pull out the fire extinguisher. Like that's the emergency. That 5,200 I owe you is an emergency. Now I done, I done got, I done got some clothing, shoes and stuff. But if you, you don't say a chance. If, if you need it, I can go get, I can go get more. I'm trying to figure out how this man, this man. Oh, y'all ever see somebody, they owe you money and every time you see 'em they got a new outfit on and they don't mention that and they come around you Whitney get shot.


It don't mention nothing about your money. Hey, You And you should, you should wanna see the young fella shine bright. Huh? You should wanna see the young sh young fella shine Bright. I can. So in other words, you shine while I'm over here in the dark. 'cause I ain't got no money. 90 what? My money. I wanna shine too. Let hey, put the spotlight on me. Hey, you and the spotlight early on. You, you got Club Shea the best in The world. We got Nightcap the best in The world. I mean, what, what more shining do you need the La Poitier la Porter doing? Well, You know, I mean, You know, all, all I'm doing. Listen, I'm in the background.


I'm your background dancer. You the main, you the, you the main attraction. I'm in the background, You know, with the, with the knife, with I, I just, I just wanna put clothes on this yo. And I, I just wanna go outside. I'm gonna look good and I remind, I wanna remind folk that looked at me funny throughout the years that I'm still him. I just chose not to do it. So this year I'm gonna do it. I'm remind everybody, like I used to do this, this used to be me back in 83, 83, 85. Chat This man. Go to the dr. Yeah. Get a villa. Yeah. For seven to 10 days. Yes Sir. That was me Part of that with the money that he owed me. Yeah. It had on some nice outfits too. Part of that, part of that money too Had on the VSU jeans.


Yeah. Hey, Why last Slacks? And You know, they got boots, they got, they got Ivis. They got Ivis in New York. They got a stove. I know they do. I used to go there. Hey Ivis, I used to have Ivis Red Monkey Jeans. What you, what? You know that, what, You know, What You know about Red Monkey? Man? Man, I still, what, what, Okay. I got, I got red. I got like probably $40,000 worth of Red Monkey G. Okay. Okay. Talk to me that, okay. See oh, you got $40,000 worth of Red Monkey. But you worry about his 5,200. That was way back then. Ocho You know, you remember when Red Monkey was in Red Monkey G? Forget in the mid two thousands. Yes.


Ain't been, I been trying to get rid of 'em. Don't nobody want them. Well, listen, if, if you got some old stuff I, I'll wear now, it might not fit me. I I'll tell it gonna get. You can't tell. I ain't got no problem with no handing down. Hand me down. I ain't got no problem. I ain't too good. Yeah, that was, that was, that was the biggest waste of money. Right. I can honestly say buying them Red Monkey G was the biggest waste of money. Not really just put it back on. It was put it back on. I can't, I can't wear 'em. Why They too big? That's the whole point. That's you, you gotta say, all right. You know what? I'm not one that follows fashion trends. But right now you, you ever seen SGA dress?


Everything big? Yeah. Every, everything is big. So there you Go. Everything gonna look big on him. SGA probably weigh 170 pounds. 6, 6, 6. Man, You know the basketball players, they slim. Right, right, right. They ain't, they ain't really got no, they ain't got no, no, no size to em. No, they ain't how they build, don't you? Yeah, You right. You right. I mean I did. I I'm just, I'm just, I'm treating myself this year. Chad, what y'all think I should do to this man? This man ain't paid me my money. And he buying all this ish in my face. He got Chrome Heart. Y'all know what Chrome Heart? Them GB calls 10, 12, 15,000. Alright, let me, let me live a little bit. This is, this is my, this is my, I told you 20, 25 just this year.


And I'm done this year. I'm done. I promise you, I promise you. I just want to step the rest of the year. How, what month we in? We in, we in March. March. So how many more months we got? Huh? Nine. How many more months? Nine months left. Right? Yeah. I promise you after nine months, I'm done. And I'm gonna give you a 5,200. Just let me, let me finish, let me finish starting the rest of the year. I Gotta wait on my money. I mean, You know, waited this long. What, what's, what's nine more months? You know, wait, at three, I wonder. I show boy, if, if I weren't worried about YouTube de monetize us, I go, I, I I have joy.


Go upstairs and break that thing. So I'm gonna show you what I'm gonna hit you with, man. Hey, hey listen man, I'm in, I'm in my winning season, man. I'm in my winning season. You winning. How can I win? You win it And you got me on here. Lose it. Hold on. No, no, you ain't losing. I'm in my winning season because of you. It's your fault. You created the muscle that people get to see now on Instagrams and TI I'm on TikTok. I done created a TikTok. I don't even know how to use it. I'm using TikTok like it's Instagram. All I'm doing is posting, posting pictures.


Matter of fact, if you in the chat, follow me on TikTok, Pepe Ochocinco, PEPE Ochocinco. I don't know how to make no videos. I don't know how to edit nothing. So I'm using it. I just listen. I just want people to see I'm in my winter season and I like putting on clothes. I like matching. Sometimes you might not like it. Some people, some dude in the, in the chat the other day told me your old ass dressing. Like you young. I mean, how you talking about how I'm dressing and I look younger than you. They be haters. Yeah. They, what you talking about man? I, I look good boy. Have you seen me? Have you seen me? Man? Boy, how? Man, You know, you not gonna be able to wear ocho because if you wear, man, you, you dress like this. If you put on clothes, why you trying to dress like you 30?


Oh, if you dress like that, why you dressing? Like why you dress like so you like how you wanna dress? What am I supposed but pay my money along the way? Listen, I listen. I'm aware what I want to anyway, regardless. But I'm just saying how you should at, at our age, what are we supposed to wear? If I see shorts I like, I'm gonna wear 'em. If I, You know, if I wallet chain we used to wear back in the days, You know, they used to wear 'em before. That seem to be the thing right now. I never wanted, my grandfather used to have a wallet chain, but I, I, that's never been my thing. Hey Man, listen man. Oh, I'm for that. I'm gonna give you money in nine months. When, but the rest of the year I'm not playing. I'm well, I'm stepping. You hear me? Yeah, I'm, I'm stepping.


Oh yeah. Now you should be proud at what you, you should look at some horse and be like, boy, that, hey, that's my, that's my young fellow there. One thing about him, boy he fly. He gonna be sharper than number two. Pencil. I'm gonna be cleaning in the board of hell. You hear me? Yes I am. Yeah. Burns just hit me up talking about Iverson stayed two years at Georgetown. Yeah. He didn't leave as a freshman. Stayed two years because I was his guy. Okay. He was a Georgetown fan. He was a, oh man, that joke was a big Georgetown. And plus he, I was from, from Virginia. Okay. Burns from Virginia. So obviously that's his homeboy, grant Hill. That's kind of why he liked Duke also. 'cause Duke from Grant's from Virginia also.


So Iversson stayed two years. He didn't leave early. He stayed two years. He left after that. But Coach Thompson told him to get up outta there. 'cause you can go, it's time for you to go provide for your family. But yo, I show Hope Ocho Yeah. Y'all pleasure to watch because like I said, if you go back and look at the men's game, I can't really name anybody but Cooper Flag. Yeah. Women. I know Paige Beckers, I know Juju, I know Hunter Herd. Doggo. I mean Hannah, I don't know Hannah Herd. Go, You know Mikayla Blakes? Is that the one, is that the one from Vanderbilt Ash that be dropping 50? Damn on everybody.


You remember she had the, she had, she, I think she's had two games in which she scored 50, but, and plus you got, can't forget Juju Ju and plus Juju. So who you got, you got, so you take, you taking U-S-C-U-S-C Absolutely. On women's side with me. You're taking St. John's. John's on The men's side. John? Yeah. Oh yeah. And one thing. And if you follow me for, for, for a while, especially people in this chat, I'm rarely wrong. Rarely now I'm wrong sometime. But it's, it's very seldom. So you, You know what to do with your money. You know what to do. You know who to put it on.


Not bad with ocho, The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed Fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.