
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school life, or military experiences. With these credits. You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Face Bank And a member FDIC.


Paramount Plus is your home for the U Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Dodman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City. On Wednesday, December 11th can decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show a whip around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports The Volume.


The Emirates BA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho, Lamar, Jackson, Lee, all players and initial Pro Bowl voting. Lamar has received the most fan Pro Bowl votes of any player. Derrick Henry is second. Next on the list is Sequan Barkley third on the list is Josh Allen fourth on the list. Yeah. Fourth on the list is Josh Allen. So Lamar is one. Derrick Henry is two, Sequan is three. Josh Allen is fourth. And Jamir Gibbs it's Phibbs fifth. Are there any, is there a surprising omission to you? I mean, no. I mean, you look at everybody, look at everybody that you named and look at their resume to date as of what they've done so far this season. I mean, it's, it's in, it's in the right pecking order. It's in the right pecking order. I mean, some, some might switch Josh Allen and Lamar.


But either way it's all, all it's all based on preference right Now if we, if we were to, to have an MVP, I think Josh Allen might be leading that Race. I I think you win too, That race. You know, so it it, it all, it all depends. And if it's fan voting, if it's player voting, it all comes down to preference. Especially if it's Pro Bowl voting. 'cause everybody that you just named regardless of order is playing phenomenal effing football right now. So you can't go wrong no matter what. There's no Patrick Mahomes. There's no Travis Kelsey. I, For obvious reasons. I know they, they have a winning record, but they're not playing well from an individual standpoint as a team.


Yes. Yeah. Individually, Uhuh and Matter of fact, Go ahead. Go Ahead. I don't even think, I don't even think they would be able to go to, they, they wouldn't even be around to go to the Pro Bowl anyway. Now for Me. They might be. They they might be playing possum. You never know. No, I mean, I don't think I would I don't think they would've earned it. Now sometimes guys get to go on reputation. Yeah. A name alone. Yeah. Yeah. But if, if you look it at, it says they, this individual earned a right to participate in the Pro Bowl. I'm gonna say no. Right? I'm gonna say no. Now you take three Quar. First of all, three quarterbacks go, I don't like the way they do it now because they have the Pro Bowl before, the, before the Super Bowl.


Super Bowl. Bowl. So, you know, normally there's the quarterback that makes the Super Bowl. He's gonna be a Pro Bowl player. He's not gonna go. So that's why you get these guys all of a sudden, oh, he's a Pro Bowl bro. He was the ninth alternate. Nobody else wanted to go. I mean, and you, once upon a time, O Joe, once they like, now you got ninth and eight guys. C come on bro, bro, they took the backup Up to Lamar from Baltimore one year to the Pro Bowl, the quarterback. Come on Ocho. Yeah, they're taking a backup. You got 16 starters he'll backup. Nobody else wanted to go. But that's on his resume. Right. But you're right, I agree with everything you say I don't believe Patrick nor t Trav has earned a right.


Brock Bowers should be the starting a FC and at the, at the Pro Bowl. At the tight end Position. At the tight end position. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Played Playing, re playing really, really well. Really Well. Yeah. And, and I'm trying to think With the quarterback carousel at that. Yes, yes, yes. And they getting in the rock, but he deserves it, man. Hey, I thought when I watched him as a freshman, I said, this guy, I said, this guy can play in the league. And he going and he really good. And then I saw him in sophomore year. I said, yeah, he'll top 10 pick And you can see it. His ability to, his ability to track the football, his, his ability to run after the catch.


He can catch it on crowd. I mean, he's fluid at his size. I mean, offensively he has, he has no weaknesses. Right. And that's what you're looking for. These guys. You gotta be able to play in space. You gotta be a matchup nightmare. And he's a matchup nightmare for your safety, for your linebackers, for your corners. Because of his side. Because his his quickness. He's, he, he's, he's, he's really, really good. I mean, he has the potential to be historically good after just lost the seat to the Seahawks. Roger was asked about his pedestrian statistics and he was quick to remind everyone, it's not all his fault. There are 11 guys on the field. Sometimes it's my fault. Definitely multiple times today. And then sometimes the details are aren't there in other spots.


The Jets are three and nine. There are O and five. When Rogers have the chance to win the game late, he throw a be a a brutal pick six since 2022. Rogers ranks 30th out of 35 quarterbacks in total QBR Ocho at some point in time, bro, you just gotta say, yeah, me most quarter when Brady, see the thing is Brady is quick. Manny the great quarterback. And I'm not talking about that average guy. I'm talking about the great, because I think Rogers deserve to be mentioned with those guys. They ask you about you. I'm not playing well, coach Cho, Shanna, you know what, Shanna, you, you are not having your typical year. Yeah, man, I ain't playing well.


I'm not seeing the ball, you know, I'm just not playing Well, it's, it's, and, and I, I, you know, I I need to take advantage of the opportunities when they're presenting themselves. I think sometimes because I'm trying to force it because I feel like the opportunities that I'm, that I normally would get aren't there. I'm trying to magnify that. So if I get an opportunity, I'm trying to make three opportunities and I can't, I'm trying to make everything a whole run because I'm trying to make every, I'm trying to show everybody that I'm still that guy. That's all you have to do. Ojo. Yeah. Why mention anybody else? They ask you about your nuts. Yeah, he's not gonna do that. He's not gonna do that. And actually they got the wrong people in asking the questions. You know, if you, if you got the right person to ask the question, they're gonna ask the question in such a way where you have no choice but to answer it in a way that we want to hear directly.


Not around the bush. Not about your numbers. I'm talking about specifically when you can't dodge and you can't, you can't beat around the bush where you can't even mention anybody else. 'cause the question is gonna be directly pertain to just you not even giving you the angle to be able to, to, to, to, to put others in it. Yes, we all know it's a team game, but we ain't talking about the team right now. We talk about you. Yes. It's all in the questioning. All in the questioning. It's just, it is just tough for him. And, and it's hard ocho when you've been great for a long time and all of a sudden you not great anymore and you see your more mortality, man, that thing, Hey, he can't go get you them 300 yard games and them four touchdown games like he could in Green Bay.


He can't just whip it. When last time you see him do this, when last time you see him do that, The discount double check Or, or you know, his favorite thing That that little fist? Yeah, we, we, yeah, we ain't get that. We might get, we might get it next year. Well, he must be playing golf or something. Listen, wherever he gonna be playing. I know one thing, the, the Jets don't have no options right now. Him on the, they still don't even with him there, they don't have an option. Oh, Joe, he's about to be 41. He's about to be 41. At what situation do you get better with age playing a professional sport at that age?


I'm not saying that like, when you know Ocho you know, you in your twenties and you head towards your prime. He's long past the prime. So when do, when do you start to get better at that age? The Bears join the Jets Saints as team to fight their head coach in the season this year. OO do you believe the Chicago Bears will be one of the most coveted jobs from a head coaching staff? From a head coaching position in NFL? I think so. I think so. Simply because you have a quarterback. You have a quarterback that you can work with. The quarterback has the foundation. He has something that you can work with depending on who comes in there. What type of offense are you gonna have for that? For said quarterback. Can you find a way to keep DJ Moore happy? Can you, can you find a way to keep Kenny Allen happy?


Adding some more pieces to that team offensively? I think it could be a nice, a nice job. It all depends on who the coach is. I told you what I told you. I told you what I said and what I like. Hell, I like God Bill going there. Hell, I like God damn Bill going anywhere. I think all Bill needs is a goddamn quarterback. An organization like Chicago would be perfect for Bill. They're gonna give you the keys and allow you to do everything you need to do to allow them to compete in the NFC. Again, you know, bear maybe, Is he gonna be able to bear Player, maybe be the 85 bears once again, you never know.


Is he, is he going to be able to relate to today's player? Listen, One of the greatest things in life that God has given everybody is the ability to adapt to their surroundings in the areas that they're in. I'm sure he will be able to. How malleable have he been? How malleable has he been in his career? Why wouldn't he do it in New England then if he's so easy to adapt? I can't, I can't an I can't answer that for him. Well, you just saying that he has the ability to adapt. Well listen, you have to be able to adapt to have that kind of success at anything you do. What did he adapt to? He was rigid, Hardline. What did he Adapt? We, we, we, in different times, I think Bill understands we're in different times in, in order for you to have that same success, some of the things that you're used to doing, you got to do 'em different.


I think he understands that by looking at the landscape and seeing wait, well you know what? I gotta approach it differently if I get the opportunity to be a head coach again, because this is how the today's players are. I can, I Can see that this Is how as the coach, He's, he's going because now he's forced to do that. Yeah. Sometimes that's what it takes. Some, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes with, sometimes your back has to be against the wall for you to see things differently. I agree. And change your perspective in the way you do. Shit. Hell, my back bit against your back bit against the wall before it might not have nothing to do with the game of football. Yes. My back has been against the wall before. It ain't had nothing to do with the game of football.


I know. Okay. If I don't straight it up, if I don't straighten up out right now, you already know what the end result is. I still believe the greatest, the greatest survival is adaptability. Got to, it's not not size, it's not strength, it's not speed. It's being able to adapt to the ever of changing. And there are two things that can get in the way of that Around you. Ego and your pride. Ego and your pride can get in the way of that if you're able to compartmentalize and set those aside and understanding whatever that end goal may be. And that it doesn't just have to be football.


It don't have to be just you coaching. I'm talking about just life in general setting that, that pride. He your aside for the betterment of whatever end goal you're trying to reach, it'll help. I think if, if he's gonna have to be that he's gonna have to be that kind of, that coach Belichick that's on the inside of the NFL and he can't be so rigid and he can't be so structured and he can't be. So what he was in New England, first of all, he doesn't have Tom Brady running interference for him anymore. Yeah. Because Tom was the patriot way. You heard the guys Bill was our coach, but we played, Lemme tell you, my camera getting blurry. Hold On.


It's still blurry. Whoa, Man. Get your kill a tore ass face up. Back up by the camera man. Damn man. Back up. Yeah, that's better. Yeah, you need to sha too. I ain. Got no see Them. No I don't. You don't. Yeah you do. Don't do that. You do. Yeah you do. Don't do that. Yeah you do. Yeah you do. I ain't no, I ain't no s razor bump. Nah, that's all clean. That's skeleton tour. Hey, hey. The cancels all clean. I just need a haircut. Once I clean that up, put a little c You got you Sea breeze.


You know what sea breeze is? Hey, put a little sea breeze. Yeah, I knew Sea breeze. I I looked Good. OCHO Kyle Shanahan said Krisa McCaffrey suffered a potentially seasoned ending Pc. Oh. Non contact or whether previously when he got tripped up. You think it happened? IIII, they showed, they showed that play. But you knew as soon as like Yeah, that knee buckle when he took off you could see that knee buckle and then he like gave himself up so you knew something. I was like, damn, did it did? Is it the Achilles did the cal go? But Kyle Shanahan just said his press conference, his Christian McCaffrey suffer a potentially season ending. It's over. Is It? It'll make it fixed. The same leg, the Same leg that he just had the, The plan.


I think it was his right one. Let's call it plan effect. I think it was his right one. No, he had a, he had a cal injury that led into his Achilles and, and the thing ocho and you know, the thing is, is that I, what do we say all the time? If you limp into the season? I, yeah. Oh, you limping out of it how it get healthy during the season. It's Impossible. The, the number one thing, when anybody have surgery or anybody have an injury, what do they tell you? The most important Thing thing. Ojo rest. How you get rest. They working the dog crap outta you. Listen, they, they, they, they do. I just say ojo. They can only, they can only simple take you so much because in order to get you back to the playing speed and get you acclimated to game tempo, you got some type of work, you gotta put some work.


Gotta work. Because once they put you out there, you gotta put that work in there. Ofir in. Hey, them boys moving them, them boys are moving. They do. Damn. I'm I'm, I'm sad. I'm sad, I'm sad, I'm sad for a man prayer of the little cmac.


Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, listen


Pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like your sleeping in the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mads and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Paramount Plus is your home for Thera for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, A whip Around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match. Live on Paramount Plus, the home of the UA for Champions League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about faith this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and we will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will.


And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts. Ah, the game of the day. The Eagles defeated the Ravens 24 19. Justin Tucker has lost multiple games this season and left seven points off the board tonight. He continued this season long struggles by missing two field goals and a PAT one from 47. One from 43. His two failed field goals came in the third when Baltimore trailed 14 to 12. This is the first time that he's missed three kicks in a game and he put a major dent in the a c in the Ravens opportunity to win the north.


Tucker has missed eight field goals, but he's missed 10 kicks, if I'm not mistaken. Eight field goals and two Ts this season, which is a single season high Harbaugh is sticking with Tucker. We saw him go to them on the sidelines, say we believe in you. You hugged him. If you're asking me are we going to move on from Justin Tucker, I'm not really planning whoa going that right? Whoa. Now I don't think that would be wise. Did you hear the key Words? You just said I don't like That. I don't like that. Did he say right now or did you just add that in there? No, he said that right now I don't plan on doing that right now. I don't, I'm not really planning on doing that right now. I don't think that be wise. I don't like that. Listen, let me, lemme tell you something. Lemme tell you something in now also also to chat.


Talk to us. Chat y'all. Listen to me now. I know I play around a lot. You know, when it comes to saying some of the things that I've done, but all of you know my history and my resume as a kicker, especially in the NFL. I know what that feel like. I understand the pressures that go into what Justin Tucker is going through right now. I understand the pressures of already having the moniker of being the greatest kicker of all time based on what you did in the past. But what you've done in the past when it comes to the NFL is always Yeah, it ain't got nothing to do with that. Ain't got Nothing to do right now. What Have you done for me lately? Right now? I don't watch much baseball. Yeah, but I can tell what Justin is in. He's in the slump. He's in the slump sometimes brother. Huh? He got the yips right now.


Ojo. Oh yeah. He got, he got the yips. He got the Ys Right now. Right now. Justin Tucker is in a slump. And you know what happened when players in a slump, it gets to you here. You got to be mentally strong here. Yes. For one, in order to get back into rhythm. To get back to where you were doing in the past, being the Justin Tucker that we're used to seeing, you got to envision that motherfucker up here right now. It's getting to it. He think about missing the kick before he even kicked the pole, which is why he's missing the kicks. And it's always, and they seem to be always veering to the left. Hey, they always veering you. Look at it. That's, it's kind of like that's All mechanics. That's all mechanics on your follow through. You on your swing.


You gotta stop your leg at a certain point. If it's always veering to the left, if anything adjust. Adjust your split. Adjust your linemen. Face the ball up a different way because everything is happening in and reoccurring the same way. Kickers watch film. I'm a kicker. I'm I'm telling you. I know some of you might laugh at me. I'm, I'm serious. I I know what it is. I know what Justin Tucker's going through. He's going to be all right. I don't like the words that Harbaugh said. You either Gonna be alright this year. Don't, like you don't do, you don't do the best kick in the world like that just because he going through a slump. Because you have quarterbacks quarterback go through slump too. Sometime even the best go through a bad season or bad string of games where they just can't get themselves out of a funk.


But at some point they turn it around, especially at the position. Once he gets it here, you got, you got to visualize it here. Once you visualize it here and get that confidence back, he'll be fine. The question is, is he gonna get it back this year? Because it doesn't matter if he gets it back next year because they might, they're trying to make the playoff this year. And we how many times have the Ravens, he kicked the Ravens to the Super Bowl as a rookie or as an undrafted rookie. He went to Denver and made the game winning kick. And that launched him. That put him on his way. We've seen guys, you mentioned the sport. You go back and look at golf, you look at David Dall. Yeah.


Duvall. You look at Ian Baker Finch, they had the yips. You mentioned baseball. Look at Chu No Block. Look at Rick Anil. Rick Il had to move to the outfield because he couldn't get the ball over home. Plate Chu no block. Could not throw the ball. He's a second basement. He could not throw it to the first basement. Yeah. Steve Sacks had a similar situation. It's half. We've seen guys do it and they, David Duvall left. Ian Baker Fi didn't end up leaving because they couldn't punch. Yeah. Hey, but listen, Rick can't killed move to the outfield because he could not throw the ball over the plate. It's, and, and it's, and it's, it's, it's, it's, it's tough.


Lamar Jackson did not play a good game today. Ocho he really never found his rhythm. Had mul multiple fumbles, but he recovered. Those had a lot of overthrows. He had a, he had likely he could have hit likely on that plate. The think the second, the corner, the corner. You over shot him a little bit. Yeah. Yes. Oh yeah. Yeah. You over shot a Little bit likely stop running. Like, well he, he gotta be throwing that to somebody else because he, Hey, he running, he started with the ball going. So he just stopped. He like, well, somebody out there in front of me and then he come back and did the form of the ball. He was six and 15 on third down the touchdown that he got ocho that was late in the game. 'cause if they don't get that touchdown right, they're shut out in the second half. Lamar said his, his mother cursed him out after the game for not running more and not hitting the running lanes.


The Ravens finished 2 0 5 in the red zone. Yeah. You, you know what? He didn't play well today on a day in which the defense they held, they held, they held and held and they was needing Lamar to be Lamar Y You, you know what? It didn't happen for him today. One of the things I watched tonight. I love Lamar. I love that Lamar has proved that. You know what? I'm not just a run of the ball. I'm gonna show you. I can pass. I'm gonna show you I can pass. Listen, I know you could pass the ball young bull, but I need you to be special. You know, on nights like tonight and games like tonight, I need you to be special. Or what makes you, you, I need you to do what you was doing at Boyton Beach High School when I used to go watch you out there when you was a legit take off with the ball baby.


If it ain't there, sometimes you gotta go through your progression. One, two, and three. Sometimes you gotta look at one. If one ain't there, man, take off and go with that thing. Boy. Sometimes you got to go off script. Sometimes you got to go off script and do what makes you, you, you, especially, you're two time MVP for a reason. I would've loved to see the Ravens win the game tonight. I would've loved for it. Especially when your kicker's not playing as well as he should be. But who has to overcome that, Right? Number eight, Lamar, When Lamar is the one that has to overcome Justin Tucker not playing as good as he should be. So those points you're missing, that puts the pressure to onus back on the quarterback to overcome the kicker's woes.


Sometimes you don't Yeah. That be in the pass of but drop back if that shit ain't there, man, take off with that. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm sick. I'm seeing sometimes I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Think he tried to prove a point. God Forgive me. I do. I do think sometime Lamar tries to prove that he's a thrower of the Football. He proves it already at the end. He proves it already At the end Of back to doing what you do, Vince. But who Cares? Who. Okay, so why is this mom cussing him out? Hey, you Heard, you heard what she said. Right. Boy, when you see, when you see the running lanes, boy take off and do what you do. Boy, what you, what you mean you dangerous? Just as dangerous All you are, you've already shot us. You are just as dangerous with your arm as you are with your legs.


But tonight is a night where we needed your legs, not your arm. But we had this conversation in the a FC championship game. You asked after the game, why did Lamar run more? So why do we keep having these conversation in these big meaningful games where we keep saying, Lamar, why aren't you running the football more? Why are we continuously having these conversations ago? Joe I don't know. I don't, I don't, I don't know who So what because what are you trying to prove? Who ca you've proved that you led the league in touchdown passes. You got 29 touchdown passes is gonna be you or Bur Joe Burrow probably lead the league in touchdown passes this year. At this point in time, the only thing left for you to pull prove Lamar is that you can get two and win a Super Bowl.


That's it. Hold on. That's it. That's not only, only thing that's left For you. Not only necessary on throwing it, running it, crawling it, wheelchair. I don't care. I don't care how you gotta get there. Yes. Godda, just get there so we can get these motherfuckers off your back by, by any Means. There will come a time, there will come a time that he will need to, like, I'm gonna force Lamar Jackson to throw the football. I'm a firm believer that I I would rather, yeah, I know he can kill me with his leg. Right. I just can't let him outside the pocket. I can't let him, I can't let him outside the pocket Ocho because he's too dangerous out there.


Yeah. And he can throw the ball over my head. So I gotta keep him in. I gotta keep him in the box. Now I'm gonna try to make sure that I got a spy to entice him. Like, okay, I got somebody spying and I won't, I want trick him into thinking. Yeah, yeah. Go ahead and throw it from the pocket. But you're playing into your hands. 'cause that's really why I want you anyway. But Listen, this, this is the good thing about it. This is the good thing about the evolution of Lamar Jackson. This is about how good he's gotten even as a pocket passer. Okay? You wanna put a spy? Okay, bet. Okay. Boom. You wanna have your Ds rush upfield and keep contained. But I can beat you from the pocket. I proved that I can beat you from the pocket and be a throw of the ball I done showed you I can drop back. I could be in shotgun, I can RPO right?


I can, I can play action fake and read through my progressions from one to three. I can't even come back to one. If I got enough time, I can buy myself time. I can go off script, I can do all the, all these different things from the pocket. So now that makes me that much more dangerous and multidimensional from the quarterback position. I just don't like the fact that it, to me, it seems like sometimes Lamar wants to prove, especially tonight, I'm gonna show you, I can beat you with my arms. Yes. When we know how special you are with your legs, I'm try. It's A reason God gave you that gift where I need you again. I know, I know. Lamar gonna see this too. Yeah, I know he gonna see this boy. I need you like you did when you was at Boyton Beach.


Huh? Stop playing now. Come on. Oh, matter of fact, oh wait, wait, wait. The Ravens lost night. Can you please tell me how many Carrie Derrick Henry had? D Henry had 19. He Was going 16 yard mark. He was over. Yeah. Yeah. 32. They had, they had 32 rush attempts for 166 yards, which ain't bad. You, you could live with that. Lamar was 23 or 36. 2 37. He got sacked three times. I thought, I thought the Eagles d-line did an unbelievable job of getting after there. Yeah. Jalen Carter is a monster. This is what I, this is what Jalen Carter was supposed to be a top five pick. I'm not so sure he would had he not had all those off the field transgressions while he was in college.


He's a top, he's a top three talent. He could rush the pass and he could stop the run. He's relentless. He's starting to see just how good he can beat. He's the guy that you start circling. But I thought their defensive line did an unbelievable job of rushing but containing Lamar. Lamar, look, Lamar, you, you can't jump, you can't run up the pill on him now. Yeah. You be jump out the window on you. But I thought sweat and I thought some of those other guys did an unbelievable job. Boy, they got Hey, that LeBron, LeBron, that middle 53 Boy, he nice boy. Hey, he nice boy. The Steelers defeated the Bengals 44 to 38 shootout. Not only did the defense offense, excuse me, the offense move the ball at will, but the Steelers defense forced three turnovers, including a fourth quarter scooping score by Peyton Wilson.


Pickens led the Steelers with 74 yards receiving on three catches with a touchdown, but drew a 15, but drew 15 yard penalties after two of its catches after the game. Pickens said there was anything he needed to do differently in those situations. Tomlin said he just gotta grow up. This is an emotional game. These divisional games are big. He got a target on his back because he's George. He understands that. But he is got to grow up. He's just got to grow up in a hurry. Yeah. That cost your game playoff. George. George, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna hit Young Bull. I got, I got Georgie number. I'm, I'm gonna talk to him. Listen, take some of that, take some of that fun. You know, some of that energy that you display that is, that is that you're being penalized for and turn that into entertainment.


Turn it into entertainment. It's okay to be the villain. Enjoy being a villain. Embrace being a villain. But do it in, in a way where it's organized chaos within the game of football. Have fun within the game of football without having to get those penalties. I'm telling you, it's gonna pay dividends in the long run. He has to understand that, you know, the the gun gesture, you know, in the end zone, you know, after, after. Like you can't, They don't, they, but they, but they, but you know, you can't do that. And I know Chad fans, I know air guns, right. And bullets don't kill anybody. Yeah. But the N nfl Right, right, right, right. Said we don't want that. If your boss tell you you cannot come to work with ka khakis, don't bring your ass to work with khakis.


Yeah. I mean, I I don, I don't get it. Ocho we knew ocho wa socks a certain height. The NFL said, we want you to pull, we want your knees covered. I expected to get a fine if I met more than two planes and I didn't pull my socks up. But you can't say, well, what did the socks, and I said, I, and I used to ask all the time, what does my socks gotta do? They say, Shannon, we want uniformity. They say, Shannon, if we let you do yours, and then somebody gonna come out there with footies and then somebody gonna come out here and then everybody gonna start looking like an a tournament team. They say we want the, we say we want everybody, we want every, we want uniform. C Shannon, we're the National Football League and we're trying to set example. I say, okay, but Ocho, they, you remember I that they cut that out before you got into the league.


Yeah, the throat slashes. Yeah. Yeah. They cut that out. Listen. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Can't do that. They cut that out. Anything, anything violent or sexual in nature. Air humping ain't got nothing. Ain't nobody ever got pregnant by air humping. No. Do no try no dry hunting. Yeah, But they cut it out. Those peak fans. Please stop saying, because you know the rule. George knows the rules. You know what, Especially outside of knowing the rules, you gotta understand and to remember those rules when you engage in war, at the time of war, when you plan, he said it.


You gotta remember that all he need to do, I'm, I'm telling you uncle, I'm, I'm gonna talk to him. I'm gonna talk to him. I'm gonna hit it tomorrow. I'm gonna say, bro, you need to take good that same energy and the stuff you wanna do and turn it into something else. And a fun entertainment type of way where it's, it's engaging for us and for those watching where it doesn't cost your team, there's a way to do it. I mastered that. Yeah. You know, there's, there's a way to do it. You know, other, as far as your player's concerned. Yes. And you good keep on playing ball, but I don't want, this is what I don't want because he young. Because he young. So Coach Tomlin has to be careful with what he say because you don't wanna lose a player like that up here.


Huh? Up here. You don't wanna take too much. You don't wanna pull the reins back too Mother hard because you gonna lose what makes George Pick and George Pickens. But you can't hurt the team like that though. You can't. You can't. Thank you. We just saw this on Thursday with Jameson Williams. Yeah. We just saw it Thursday where he threw the ball in the guy's face. Yeah. He, Yeah. Remember on the sideline? Yeah. We just saw it. Ocho. If the, if even if I'm speeding, if I'm going eight in a school zone, I can't tell fool, ain't no kids in school. You can't go eight in a school, in a school zone, bro. Right. It's still a school zone, whether the kids are in school or not.


You can't make that gesture. Right. Even if you have no gun. Right. Even if there is no bullet, you can't make a sexual gesture. Right. You can't make a violent gesture. So please chat, please people stay off the internet. Talk about ain't no guns, ain't nobody ever been killed by that because you can't do it. The league says we're going to penalize you, but it's not the league penalizing you, you're penalizing your team. It It, and it hurts today, but happens what happens Up to you When it, when it, when it matter most. And that's, yeah. When you league expect it, you get an un sports plan, conduct penalty, and now what was a field goal? They back you up because a lot of times ocho, that's after the fact.


Now they back you up. What happens if it's second down and you get one of those, the down counts. So now instead of being second and five is second and 20, or it's third and five, third and 20, it's third and 15. You see it's things like that. You have to, you have to think about in real time. OCHO is too late for you and I to have this conversation, say, Ocho Yeah. We tried to tell him it's too late. It's too late. So just learn from others right From that have made those mistakes. So you don't have to be a footnote. Got a costly penalty. I I don't ocho but I try to tell you now, now people will tell you Joe Burrow played great.


OCHO might come out here and tell you Joe Pro played great. His defense, if your defense is bad, ocho as an offense, what can't you do if your defense is Bad? Tell the people at home how many turnover Joe Paid had turnovers. But before you say that, wait, whoa, wait, How many did they lead? How many points did they lead to to the Steelers? 21. Well, 17. How much, how many? They got a scooping score and they got a field go right before that. Yeah, that's 10. That's 10 points. Right? Can I say something real quick? Okay. Just for the chat, for better context. Let me get, let me get energized real quick. You know, it's hard for me to defend my bangals. It is hard for me to defend my bangals, but for better context and those turnovers.


Now one was a tip. Cam Hayward tipped it. Boom. Pick scoop and score. Boom. Running with the ball. TJ Watt great play. And I think it, was it Highsmith? Is it Highsmith that beat Orlando Brown off the edge came around? Yeah. I don't think it was high. It might have been the other guy. The other guy. I think it was like, it might've been, it might've been 51 Wilson. He might have called the Zach Sby. Listen for one in that scenario, Orlando Brown. I'm not sure what the Bengals are doing. There's no reason why Orlando Brown should be on the field if he can't walk. If he can't, if you can't walk, that means you can't play left tackle. There's no reason you should be on the field. But if you are on the, on the field, then that's the onus is on the offensive line or the goddamn offensive coordinator.


Hell, let's slide protection that way because he is not fully healthy. Obviously we saw They can't, you gonna find up? Listen to me. Got No choice. Got Mims over there. We gotta leave Mims by itself. One-on-one. Yes, I know I listen to me, huh? Oh, well, well did that TT about to break that up. What happened? Look what happened. That cost us that cost. If he's hurt, goddamn, fly to the left, put the running back up there and goddamn chip got put the tight end over there and Chip, you gotta do something to help him. If you have a player out there that is hurt and it, it cost us offensively. I get it. That was a scooping score. Ocho, but your guy has got to take care of the football Ocho You know, if your defense right, if your defense, you have one of the two or three worst defensive football, right?


You can't turn It over. Listen, there's nothing I can say. There's nothing I can say about that. But it is his blindside though, that that is his blindside. He has no idea that two seconds after the snap that somebody's barreling down and knocking the ball at his hands again. You got, listen, I'm not making no excuses. You gotta have two hands on the ball. Yeah, you do that. Oh, hold on. So I can make that case for Daniel Jones, all them sacks that ain't on Daniel Jones, all those turnovers, every quarterback, they turn the ball over because what they're doing is that you'll make it excuses for joy. B, because he had three yard passing, three touchdowns, I may know. So every, I would just give you better context of how the fumbles happened.


So who cares? Yes, sir. Did he have the ball in his hand? So all those fumbles and interception that what you call 'em, we feel, we saw Patrick Mahomes two years ago. How many Carons did he, he has seven interceptions. So, and like three or four pick sixes. Yeah. That went through the receiver's hands. When you fumble the ball and your defenses bad. All I know is this, Patrick Mahomes got to the Super Bowl with the second, with the second or third worst defense in the NFL that is the Vargas. Because what has happened is that we've allowed Joe Burrow and he's, he's a really good, he's great quarterback, but we've allowed that one year run to tain us because we feel he can do no wrong.


Because every year he's ranked the above. Lamar, Lamar is more accomplished than Joe Burrow. We rank him ahead of Josh Allen. He throws a beautiful ball. He puts up big numbers. But at what point in time do we hold him accountable? Like we have all the other great quarterbacks that haven't fulfilled the promise, right. Of what we expect them to be because we make excuses. We like. Well, he's blindsided it. Mahomes offensive line is Mahomes offensive line. Any work in Cincinnati, Two tackles bad. That's no, that's, no One thing got a level to one record. And so, and that's the thing, when you just, if you ocho, if you just looked at the stats, you like this man threw for 3 0 9 and three touchdowns.


But he had a, he had a scooping score that the ball was in his hand that gave him, that gave him seven points. And then he had another formula that gave him 10 points. So now if I take those 10 points off the board, how many points did they they scored 44. If I take those tens, Cincinnati scored 38. They win the game. 38, 34. Yeah, You right. Listen, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm already hurting right now as it is, you know, I don, I don't, I don't need you to continue to, to, to pour salt in my wounds. I know, I know. Because li I I, I'm, I've been on, I've been on my soapbox. We Talked about this O Joe And I've been continued to let down. I've been continued let down week, week out, huh? Well get your ass off it.


Your as off that box. I'm, right now, I'm off of it Because you know, you know, the higher you up you are, the easier you, easier to target you To hit. When snipers shooting at, what are they trying to do? See, when snipers are shooting, they're at a high elevation. But when you show your head, that's when they can put that bang on you. You better get low to the ground. Get out the box, say, Hey, God, Hey man, I thought my big was gonna be better this year. It's over for y'all now. It's okay. I thought be better. I thought matter of fact, and listen, I was listening to the Joe, Joe said we could win seven of the last nine. There's a possibility. So when he said that in front of the, I was hyped, how I was hyped, I was ready. O I've been talking ca I've been talking cash.


You know what, I've been making bets with Ryan Clark. I can't even eat McDonald's till to till January now. Yeah, but you, you know what? Yes. Listen. And you can't say Foot Oh, Till January. Oh. 'cause we lost. You lost, you lost like five in a row. Hey, so I'm saying I can't say foot or ball because my bank Foot or ball. Nope. Nope. Okay.


Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar May big cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress.


This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like your sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Game on because ES esp n plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN Plus together like never before with ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew stirring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan. Face Bank. Na member FDIC.


Paramount Plus is your home for Thera for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups, and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match. Live on Paramount Plus, the home of the UA four Chambers League, and you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone Up to 650 bucks. when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Ocho, even you ocho, you playing the game? I said, ocho, how y'all gonna go out on a run when your defense is historically bad? Your quarterback literally has to play a perfect game every time. One turnover. Because first of all, your defense is not really gonna be able to stop anybody. Now you turn the ball over. You give them And if you give them points on your possession. Oh, don't cry. No, no, don't cry Uhuh. No, don't cry. You ain't crying yet. Chad. Don't let it fool you. You should be crying. We go, sorry, we, we gonna be all right.


We gonna be all right. No, y'all ain't next year. Y'all ain't gonna be all this year. Hey man, you done got the people. You have people in Cincinnati believe in you, man. Ocho say, we gonna be all right now everybody. Not everybody ain't doing nothing but eating chili hotdog. Stand up. Sit up in your chair. Come closer. You blurry. You blurry. No, no. You bring your hands back into focus. Y'all got OCHO crying. Bingle. Bingle. What y'all Bingo. Nation. Bingo Country. What y'all, we We'll be back, we'll be back next year.


That's what Custard said when they sent his ass out there, he said, I'll be back. And they ain't send his, he went up, pulled a big horn and they ain't seen his ass since. That was in 18 75, 78. What was that when the little when in on, I think that was somewhere between 75 and 78 next year. I don't care. I don't care what Nobody say that. That's okay. We, we had a bad season. Sometimes people have bad season and sometimes people have some of the greatest players on offense, you know, and, and sometimes things don't go the way you want it to go. Now sometimes the life, hold on. You could talk your ass off. I ain't finna leave. We ain't Finn, we didn't come here for that. I'm trying to, I'm trying to laugh and keep from crying.


Let, let's change, let's change the topic, man. Shoot man. No, we ain't finna change no topic. That ain't what we do. We don't duck. No. Chad, do y'all expect Nightcap to duck a topic? Do y'all expect us to move on so quickly? No. Lesser. We gotta address it. Your defense is historically bad. They've been bad. But if you go back and look at it, the, the Bengals had Kansas City dead to right. What happened? Right? Drip sack scooping score. Touchdown. They had the ravens again. They had to write at home. What happened? Ocho Yeah.


Joey b pick Marlon Humphrey at some point in time, even your great numbers can be overshadowed. If you are the one that puts the ball in harm's way, he's done it. We've seen it, but nobody, everybody just wants to look at the stats. Oh, he played great. Yeah. What about those three turnovers that gave the other team the football or gave the other team points? Do we not count that we counted for everybody else? We ripped quarterbacks that turned the ball over at the end of the day is his responsibility Yeah. The ball to take, so basically Care Of the football Right. As great a player as he's, All this is saying to me is, is Joe Burrow is going to basically have to do, he has to, he has to put on the Superman cape because our defense is playing so bad, right?


He has to do what Josh Allen is doing. Yeah. If Josh Allen can do it and he, he can overcome himself and not make the mistakes he made in the past and has his team playing the way he has them playing. Joe Burrow has to do the same thing and he has to do it with a much better supporting cast offensively. Yeah, that's it. Sounds easy on it. Sounds easy, but it's not easy to do. Josh Allen makes it look easy, but it's not easy to do. Yep. But I understand, I understand where you're coming from. I, I remember when Peyton Manning had those bad defensive in Indy and, and ev and even he was putting up those numbers. Oh, Peyton, Manny can't get the done in the big game.


Peyton, manny, yada, yada, yada. Even though his defense was historically bad, y'all didn't make the excuses for Peyton that you make for Joe Burrow. Yeah. And I just need to know why I got time. I took Nap. I took a nap today too. I took a nap today after, after we thought, No, we're good. Well, I need to tell, I need you to tell me why, why did Joe Burrow getting a pass? Whoa, whoa, whoa. We never gave p The pass. I, I I said he didn't play well. I said he didn't play well. Now, when you said about the three turnovers, I just wanted to add a little context on the turnover. Just say they weren't all his fault, but on the stat sheet, guess who guess whose name is by them? Turnovers. Yeah.


Ocho, when are the strip? Hold on. When have we not given a strip sack to the quarterback? What? I said this statute sheet. Who are the turnovers on whose name is there? The quarterback. I know, I'm, I'm, I'm just saying. I'm just, yeah, I was just trying to give a little context on, on, on what happened or whatnot. But he, he didn't play, he didn't play as well as he needs to play. Joe Burrow needs to understand, and I'm sure he understands and he will have this conversation with his head coach, with his officer coordinator, and with his quarterback coach. You have to protect the ball. You have to, in order for us to even have a chance to win going on from this season and later on in the future, you have to be the best at protecting the ball and not turning it over.


Because if our defense is not playing as well, or playing the way they played this year at any point, there is no way for us to overcome though. No way. Speed, no mistakes. Oh, up. And we not finna move on. 'cause I'm not finna let you do this to Russ and Russ. You trust I do. I do. You say you love Russ. I I love I Well, let's give Rus some flowers. I Was 29 soapbox for Russ too. Now don't do that. Yeah, You were Rus 29 or 38, 4 14, which is a career high. Three touchdowns, one pick. He was sensational.


No, today his career high, he knew like, look, as good as our defense is our their offense is going to score. It is incumbent upon me as the quarterback and one of the leaders of this, well, he is the defacto leader on offense. Oh, we could have our way with these guys, boys. And think about it. Ocho you did get seven. You got nice that, that was good. Listen, boom. Point of attack, nice little jam, boom. Eyes on, eyes on the ball. Oh, we going the other way. I ski. I ski, let's go. Yeah. That, that was right. I thought listen, after that play.


Yeah. I thought we was gonna run away with the game. That was a Yeah. And I remember, do y'all remember when Peyton Manning was losing the Tom Brady? Oh, he'll never beat to Yeah. And Peyton was winning MVPs, but Tom was winning Super Bowls. Right? He wasn't putting up numbers like Peyton, but he was winning. Oh, Tom Peyton will never win. I remember when he got beat 41. Nothing by Chad Pennington. He got beat by Billy Bullock. Oh, they was just ripping Peyton ripping him. His defense worked very good. He's putting up even his owner When Peyton talking about, I don't, IIII want, I don't want, I want championships. I don't want no Star Wars numbers because he feels that Peyton underperformed and now, and Peyton go back and look at Peyton numbers.


Yeah. That man won four MVPs and all, all of 'em wasn't in those Super Bowl seasons. Fans, media alike killed him. Me too. I was one of them. Yep, me too. Yep. Right. Go back and look at when I was on CBS beat him up. Everybody did. But now well, Shannon, his defense, y'all didn't say that when Peyton had a bad defense. Y'all just said he couldn't stand up to Tom Brady. He lost the Super Bowl. Go look at Peyton numbers in the Super Bowl, but he had that one big six Tracy Porter read it, right? Yep. They came with a zero blitz. He undercut the under route and he pieced them out.


Y'all gotta stop this. Y'all, y'all got very, very short memories. But what I'm seeing over show what I'm seeing. If we like somebody form, we'll make every excuse in the world for him. Yes sir. I don't give a damn what he does or what he or she does if we like you, but I'm gonna call it straight down the middle. Y'all know how I am now y'all get on me and say she I don't. Yes I do. Y'all know I do. Go back and check my track record of CBS if y'all don't think I call it down the middle Too. Me too. Me too. Yeah. Check my track record. Yeah. Russ put possum. Russ say, Hey, see, but here's the thing. Hey guys, with people, y'all keep saying get that man, this flowers don't gimme my flowers.


Ooh, I'll plant my own damn garden. I do my own damn flowers on, Hold on, hold On, on and I'll pick my own. I'm tired of y'all. Hold on. Y'all don't want to give people, Russ, plant your own damn flowers. Grow your own garden. Hold on, hold on. Hold, hold on And pluck your own flowers and put 'em on display. I don't need nobody. Don't gimme no more flowers. I don't want. I got my own garden. I I'm on the road, but they got a notepad. Hey, I don't need y'all to gimme my flowers because I'm fixing, what'd you say, plant. Plant my own. I own my Own damn flowers. Say my own garden. Yeah. Yes. I, whatever. Whatever. Whatever you want what you want. You want roses, you want daisies, you want, want you opportune.


You know what I want, Want SIUs. I want tulips because I, yeah, I saw a movie store and Lena Horn, she liked tulips. So I'm gonna give me some other tulips. Russ, listen, Russ is in the ideal situation. He's with a coach that understands quarterbacks. Not that he can coach 'em, but he understands the psyche of a quarterback. And the one thing you can't do with a quarterback is beat him up mentally. And I think Sean Peyton beat him up mentally beat for whatever reason. Sean never embraced Russ.


He never gave, he never gave, he tolerated him. He's like, I got a year with him and I'm not so sure that Russ could have done anything other than going to the Super Bowl that would've ingratiated himself with Sean Peyton. Sean Peyton has a guy now, and he, you know, hey, he has a young guy and young guys for the most part, Ocho they're happy to be there even though they're first round pick and they can stomach a little more. Russ is a vet. Russ has been to Super Bowls. Russ is a multiple time Pro Bowl player. He's like, why you talking to me like that? Yeah. Hey, what, 1, 1, 1. Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. He's been, I I I was gonna say no, no go.


Been watching, obviously, you know, 'cause you got on me about it, is I've been giving Russ's flowers for a very long time. Even when he was in Denver, you know, on you, you, you, you, you, you was getting into him because things the way should be going. You have, I always stood on that soapbox for Russell Wilson because I understood there's no way, there's no way that a player like Russ that was with the Seattle Seahawks that has played well at a high level for so many years and all of a sudden could go to Denver and things just weren't right. I think the situation and the scenario that he was in and the pressure that Sean Payton who kept challenging him, berating him as a head coach. I I, I didn't, I just knew that wasn't the right fit. And I understood once he got over there with the Steelers, I said it soon as he got there, I said, man, this is perfect.


He's going with the right coach, the right type of coach, winning coach with the right mentality that knows how to deal with him. And Arthur Smith has put Russell Wilson in some great positions in understanding his strengths, his and we, his strengths and his weaknesses, knowing what he can do and what he can't do anymore than he used to do in Seattle. And has been paying dividends off of him, man. And it's been perfect. It's been perfect. Yeah. He's been, he look, he's been, he's been good. I don't know if he, he would've ever been what he is right now in, in, in Denver with Sean Peyton. Look, that first year, we gotta chalk that up because ain't nobody being good under Nathaniel Hackett.


Ain't nobody, he got fired in Denver and he lost his play Call of Duty in, in Green Bay. I mean, excuse me, in, in the Jets. So nobody, so we can, we can't say, say, you know what Russ, we gonna just that first year. Now, whatever happened with you? Like I said, I, I, I don't know, but it just seems like he was never ingratiated, Sean didn't put his arms around him and like, I'm happy to have you as my quarterback for whatever reasons. And it, it was best that they go accept, you know, you go your way. I go mine. Right? And we are both better for it. The Broncos are doing quite well. The Pittsburgh Steelers are leading their division. They're doing extremely well. And I'm, I'm happy for both because this, this match wasn't gonna work in Denver.


Not, not Russ and Sean Peyton. Maybe it's with somebody else. Right? But not that, but Russ, Russ needed to go Yeah. And get built back up. He back, He had to start, he had to start, he had to start from scratch. He had to start from scratch. And, and, and what better place to go than with Mike Tomlin? Who's on, who's on firm? Good foundation, foil Firm, good foundation. He has a firm foundation. He ain't going nowhere. He ain't going nowhere. And so, yeah, Rogers a long shot. They're talking about potentially I said something, what, what did, what did that article actually about? They potentially, like, they don't know if he's gonna start, start who moving forward.


No. They Gonna binge who in favor of who? Aaron Rogers. It don't matter 'cause I'm getting the same results. Listen, you think about benching Aaron Rogers over there in New York right now. He will flip every table. He gonna take a bite out. That's okay. He gonna be gone next year. We'll straighten it back up. He gonna be gone. Anyway. He wasn't, They they, they, they wouldn't, they they, they wouldn't do that. And he, he not gonna go out quietly. I don't see Aaron Rods is the type of quarterback that gonna take benching him. Well, I, I don't, I don't see him taking it. Well, What he gonna do? Go on p max show and, and have some express some conspiracy theories. Act fool about that's liberals act A fool and make it hell while he is there, act a fool and make it hell while he is there.


That's okay. He just seemed like the type that would do that. That's okay. Shoot. I I don. Yeah, he didn't play well. I, but I'm sure you know, I'm, I'm sure they'll say he played well. He was 21 of 39. 180 5. Two touchdowns, one of deceptions Ocho and Seattle gave, did tried to get a game away in the first quarter. I I've, I've never seen returns from return or fumble that many times. And I I I've never seen anything like that Ocho. So the very next play began. 19. So from that point on, Seattle outscored him 19 to nothing.


Rogers had a long shot of return. They asked Ubik after the game about was he contemplating a quarterback change instead of shutting down speculation with a direct No, he replied not, you know what, as of today, I don't, I don't, I don't like answers like that. I don't like what Harbo said when they talked about and asked him in junk. Justin Tucker returning won't address that right now. Right. What you mean right now? We talk about the greatest kicker of all time. But anyway, now back to the topic at hand. Listen, Aaron Rogers, I mean man, man, I mean, is bad, bad He look bad. What did Ocho the man about to be 41. He's coming. He's he's coming off an a, an achilles injury.


Which one of the toughest injuries? Yeah. For an athlete to overcome a young athlete one. Yeah. Imagine one that's 40. What did you expect him to look like? Denied. But see if you honest ocho anybody that's honest about Aaron Rogers, you labeled a hater and they try to make it about all the other things. Go back and check I. Don't want, need y'all to do me a favor. Go back and check my track record about Aaron, about when I was on CBS. I've never denied his ability to throw the football. I always catch question. I saw some character issues that concerned me. Yeah. And I'm gonna leave it at that. Now with that being said, he didn't play well.


Aaron Rogers has not played well this year. And it's okay to say that Ocho Yeah, he's still a four, four-time League MVP. He's still a three time, first a four time first team all pro. Yeah. He's still a Super Bowl. MVP. He's still a transcendent, historically great quarterback, one of the ever greatest quarter. But this year, no, he hasn't played well. And all of those accolades that we, that don't mean nothing been bestowed upon him, don't mean nothing and rightfully so. Yeah. Ain't got nothing to do with right now. You right about that. You know, it is, it is unfortunate. It's unfortunate. I'm, I'm not sure, I'm sure we've seen quarterback decline. I I don't think we've seen quarterbacks decline in such a manner at, you know, this fast.


I think maybe because of the injury due to the injury, I think it kind of sped up and expedited the process. I was hoping things would work out. I was hoping things would work out because I was one of the few that said, oh shoot, Devonte Adams coming to the Jets. Oh, they finna be all, they finna be hell now, you know, Alan Lazar and him having the peaches and having Brie Hall. I thought they were gonna be all world and having the defense that they did have. Ah, things aren't, things aren't the same as hell. Aaron Rogers playing bad. The goddamn defense ain't too much to talk about either. But they were hoping that Aaron Rogers Could. Josh Is doing The bills.


Yes. What Peyton, you remember now, hold on. People remember that before pay the, the year before Tom Brady got to the bunk jam threw for 5,200 yards. 5,100 yards and 30 touchdowns. Bruce Allen just felt that if we minimize the turnovers we could to play off team. The year that Peyton got to the Broncos, they won the division, but they were eight and eight. Peyton comes in, they go 13 and three, they get the number one seed. Now they get knocked out in the divisional round. But you see the improvement the next year.


Peyton wins. MVP, he breaks all the records. They go to the Stu Bowl, they get demolished. But they did go, you see Tampa every year. Brady was there, they make the playoffs. So they were expecting, they say, look, that guy coming in, he should be able to elevate our offense. We got Garrett Wilson, we got some players, we got nice running back with Allen and Bree Hall. We got solid, tight end. Not great, but they're good. They're adequate and a defense. But I said one thing and I kept reiterating. I say, you are under the, you are under the, the notion that the defense stays exactly the same and there's no slippage.


Because if there's slippage, then what? Oh man, you hating. You just hate. So, yeah, well, listen, there, there's been slippage and there and there there's no flex all, there's no flex all to to, to stop the leak. The, Volume,


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami, 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now.


Paramount Plus is your home for the way for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the Guzo Show, a whip Around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class bean parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need. For an amazing getaway,


Mary, you are to become my mother and have a son. That's not possible This December. Great hair, the speak of the coming Messiah. What need have we have from Messiah? Witness the miracle. I'm gonna bring this show into the world of Love starring Anthony Hopkins. Where is he? Tell me, love will cost you. Dearly love will cost your heart, but in the end, love will save the world. Mary, only on Netflix. December 6th.