
Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Keep that brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save the tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what yours Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cashback offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. SNA a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments, or the flocked Starry light Frazier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect Tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


This is John Miko from Three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything breaks, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love. The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho which team fan base should be more disappointed with their team's 2024 performance. The Cowboys or the Jets? Which team should be more disappointed? I probably, I'd probably say the Hey, it's about, that's about equal. Huh? That's equal. It's like a ton of bricks or a ton of feathers, huh? The expectations. The expectations for the Jets with the healthy Aaron Rogers, when he first came out with that flag in week one, you know, we expected, we were hoping he was gonna be the one to take us. I'm talking about we, we, he was the one that they felt was going to get them over the hump.


Yes. It didn't work. So obviously the expectations of coming to this year, you know, coming into training camp, you expect, okay, Let's make it a poll Cowboy board, the Jets fans the Jets, because they said they was a quarterback away. But I told you, I said Ocho, in order for them to be a quarterback away, the defense is gonna have to be just as, as, as, as as jaw dropping and bone crunching as they've been. Right. 'cause any slippage. Yeah. And you're not gonna get that, Right. They haven't, they haven't been, they haven't been as good as they were last year. Not not. And he, see the thing is, as we get older, look at Tom. He had a defense in Tampa that could back him up.


You remember the defense that the Broncos had? They had where they had von Miller. They had, they had the no-fly zone with Chris Harris Jr. Ake to leave. They had TJ Ward, they had Travatan, they had Marshall. You see the di you see, you see the difference. Boy was stacked. Boy It take, it take as you start to get older with anything, right? Your old car, it takes you a little while to let that thing warm up. Oh remember you go old car, you create that thing and let that thing warm. 10, 10, 15 minutes before you take off with it. Yeah. As we get older, we need more help to get around and do things that we once could do. And I youth as a quarterback, you need more.


You start to need Chris Godwin. You need a Mike Evans Evans. You need to bring in a Gronk. You need to have a defense. That was unbelievable. Peyton. Hey, you had to Marius Thomas rest his soul. You had Eric Decker, you had Julius Thomas, you had that defense. You needed more. Yeah, you need more. So this notion that one guy at the age of 39 about to be 40 coming out with Achilles injury and that was all you needed. Yeah. And I I, I said it before when Eric Rogers isn't playing bad, everything around him has to be that much better. Thank you. You gotta be able to overcome, you gotta be able to over compensate for his shortcomings.


You gotta be damn near perfect. Right. Sometimes you have to win in spite of him because right now you're, you're not gonna win because of him. Right. A lot of things have to go. Well, in order for the Jets to win a football game, the defense have to be outstanding. They have to turn you over. If they can't turn you over, if they can't put that offense on the short field, the likelihood of them consistency, consistently driving the ball is not very good. Ocho Yeah. It's just not Yeah. Look at the numbers. Look at where they rank offensively. Look at where they rank running the football.


And because you, you, you are, you're a below average offense, right? You are middle of the pack Pac to maybe slightly below defense. And how do you think that's equates to you like being a serious contender? I'm confused, Man. That's, that's, Hey, you put, they Ash put the pole up. I'm cur I'm curious to see what the poles say. I'm assuming most will pick the Jets though. Jets 57. Cowboys 43. Okay. That's what I, okay. Yeah, that's, that's about right. Meanwhile, the Cardinals are playing their best football under Jonathan Gaden with a 64 record after winning their four straight game in five.


They, well, they won four straight. Their fifth game in the past six games. Ocho, Kyle Murray playing unbelievable. Marvin Harrison making play. Oh, that tight end McBride. Yeah. He nice. You gotta give Him some love. Yeah, he nice. Now gotta Give him some love on your, because we, you know, we mentioned LaPorte, we mentioned Kelsey and we mentioned a lot of these other tight ends. Hawkinson. Hawkinson. Yeah. Hey, hey, Brag. Well we see you boy. Woo. See Woo, Man. He shook off. He shook off sauce. Gardner Safety tried to come clip his legs. He hurt him and got some mo yards, but he would make it every tough catch. He kicking himself. He dropped that touchdown.


He like, damn, I got a lineback over here. And he got like a cast on his hand. I gotta make that play. Yeah. Hey, every football season there's a team that you don't expect to do well or a team that's done bad the previous season and they turn around and they surprise you, you think they're not gonna be in the mix. And Kala Murray said it in the interview. I, I, I saw the quote. I don't know, maybe it's yesterday. I want people to sleep on us or people are sleeping on us. I don't think they sleeping no more. Yeah. Yeah. Rogers threw for 154 yards on 35 pass attempts. A hundred what?


151 on 35 pass attempts. That ain't good, huh? He short, he he, he's short fishing. He fishing from the bank. Man, you guys got, you gotta go deep sea fishing. You gotta push the ball down the field. Got you. Kyle Murray, 22 of 24, 2 6, 6 1. Touchdown. Yeah. Okay. Mr. Fishing. Hey, he should have been 22 or 20. He should have been 23 or 24 because McBride dropped a touchdown. He dropped the ball. Yeah.


Man, Arizona looking good. Defense is playing really well. Budha Baker all over the field. Goddamn Buddha boy. Buddha's out there all over the place, bro. Yeah. Buddha a Buddha magnet on that field, man. Yeah, he's a magnet. Good player. Good player. I really like, I really like Budha. I like his style. So the Jets fall to three and seven Ocho. What's the likelihood they win there? I mean, I, I think in order for them to get to the playoffs, they're gonna have to win At least Win what? Six games. Who onto the playoffs?


You talking about the Jets? Yeah. At three and seven. They got seven games to go. Can you win Six? Hell nah. Absolutely. And that's, and that's no disrespect. Hell nah. Absolutely not.


Did you know there's no Tom at Tom's? The shoe company, you know and love our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Tom's, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges. And our iconic Alpr forgot slip-ons. Each pair of Tom's is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop all your fall Family footwear@toms.com.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Coming Soon to Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I'm connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. I want speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldi Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against S's hand. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. Alright? What's our first game? Well, I Did wanna ask Dabo before we start, I mean, you were down 13 and you decided to kick an extra point instead of going for two. What was, what was the reasoning behind That? Well, law does math differently. We, God believes in different numbers. Numbers than you. We count not to win games, Billy. We count for Lord Jesus Christ. You only live for one. That's right. Okay. All right. There we go. What's up with that? And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Bills hang. Bills handled business against the coast 30 to 20. Coach Shane Steichen made the quarterback change from Anthony Richardson to Joe Flacco because they would give them the best chance to win. Now the coast on one and three with Flaco starting including two losses since the official change. Flaco threw three interceptions today and lost to fumble Ocho. It's gonna change Joe Blacko experiment over in Indy. It's gonna change. I gonna put You think they put, they put Jason Ri they put Richardson back in. They might. They might. They might as well. They, they might as well because you, you, you bench him, you bench Anthony Richardson and hell goddamn damn Flacco put up the same, same type of goddamn performance today.


You understood He wasn't the, the, the quarterback of your future. So you make a change. But why not? Might as well leave your rookie in there. Well, he's not a rookie. Well technically he's still a rookie. 'cause he missed most of his, you know, most, most year. He gotta, he gotta learn. And what's the only way to learn? You ain't learning shit from the bench. I can tell you that. You learning in real time in there making mistakes. It's gonna be up and downs. That's what happens when you have a young quarterback like that, you know? So I wouldn't be surprised if they, they, they name Anthony Richardson, the star coming back this week and just scrap it. F it. You put Joe Flaco in there because you feel he gives you the best chance to win. How'd that work out for you? Well, You're not winning.


Yeah. How'd that work out for you today? What would you say he, what'd you say Flaco is what? One in one in one in one in three. One in 3 26 and 35. 2 72. Two touchdowns. But there's three interception and the fumble. Listen, They picked, they picked Josh Allen twice. They, the coach ran the ball really well. Really well. Jonathan Taylor. Jonathan Taylor Martin 21 carries a buck 14. They had 22 rushes, 121 yards. You can live with that. Yeah. It's just the turnovers. You can't, I mean, and they're, they're not good enough. They're not good enough to overcome turnover that the quarterback position defensively.


Right. Your team gotta be really good. You have to have a really, you saw Detroit? Yeah. They overcame five turnovers because they have a really, really good team. Right. Damn. Aaron Glen calling, calling it is beautiful when with that play called the defensively Aaron Glen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The Patriots defeat the Bears. 19 three. Chicago's offense is broken and Williams has looked worse in each of the Bears. Three losses. His accuracy issues were already a problem. And the issues called him the holding onto the ball too long were evident in the last two, last two sacks in which he took versus New England.


Yeah, Williams got sacked nine times. He's been sacked 18 times in the last three games. Chicago has not gone 23 straight drives without scoring an offensive touchdown. And average 2.6 yards per play ever. Flues is open to play calling change. I told you all that stuff that you did in college that you can hold onto to the ball and run around to the left and run around to the L. Right. And, and stick your tongue out at people. Bro. That stuff don't fly in the NFL. Yeah. These guys, these grown ass men. They, they, they, they good at this level, bro. Very, I mean, I'm, you, you gonna learn, if you don't learn this year, you'll, you'll figure it out by next year.


You'll figure out about next. I know, I know One thing. I know DJ Moore is very, very upset. Very, very, very upset. You know, I You like, man, I'm miss, I'm missing the Justin Fields right about now. Yeah, man. Damn. He gonna be all right. You know Drake made 15 or 25, 180 4, 1 touchdown, one in interceptions. They ran the ball 35 times for 144 yards. Caleb Williams was 16 or 30, a buck 20. God dang. What happened? That's four yards of temp. Deandre Swift, the bears ran the ball 20 times for 73 yards.


44 yards. Keenan Allen was the leading receiver with 44 yards. They had 190 yards of total offense. Ah, Lee. Is that, I mean, is it, is it solely on the quarterback you think? Well, The quarterback's not playing well, there's no, yeah, he's holding onto the ball too long. It's okay to throw the ball away, bro. They say seven. Oh. So, you know, sometimes like in, in, in seven on seven, we like cool. Like, okay, you gotta throw elk. That's a sack. Right Bro, they, some of these guys be holding onto the ball like it's 7 0 7. Right. Bro, you better throw it away. Hey, but you know what? You see how you see what you just said? He holding onto the ball too long.


Yeah. So it doesn come to the office coordinator that sure enough, the goddamn damn route combinations. But you gotta, you gotta, you gotta process it. You gotta trust that. Okay. 1, 2, 3. Okay, one, two, I'm gone or throw it away. Right. One or the other. Yeah. All that. But see, think about he jumped into our, our lexicon. Right. By doing what he's trying to do now. Holding onto the ball. The great improvisation skills making plays happen. He running around and he's throwing the ball. Right. You ain't gonna make no living like that in the NFL. It's not gonna happen.


It ain't gonna happen Ocho it ain't this, these guys are too good at this level Fast. Bryce Young got the job during Germany. Ojo gets the giants, giants currently holding number one picket in the NFL draft. Ocho should the giant draft Shado. Yeah, I tweeted earlier. Probably ain't gonna let that happen. Yeah, I tweet. I tweeted that earlier today. Probably ain't gonna let that happen. You don't think so? No. Has, have the Giants ever drafted a black quarterback before? Hell no. Hell no.


Hell no. Hey, the way you said it, that, that was Funny. Bryce Young 15 or 25, 1 26 a touchdown. Cuba Hubbard had an outstanding day. 28 rushes a buck 53 and a touchdown. They ran the ball 32 times for a buck 88. Daniel Jones was 22 of 37. One 90 and two interceptions. But it was Tracy that fumbled in overtime that led to the game winning field goal by the Carolina Panthers hurt. He was hurt. Yeah, You hurt. Oh yeah. Wow. Oh yeah. And they talking about, you know, they gonna evaluate the quarterback position for evaluate what?


Wait, who? Huh? Yeah, they talking about they gonna evaluate. They, they, they're, they're open to making changes at the quarterback. It's too late now. Y'all might as well go and stick with Daniel Jones. You know he's saying that to save his job. Huh? He can't save it. It's over Too late now. Well, here you might as well make a change. Who, who's the backup? Tyro? No, Tyro at the Tyro at the jet, Ain't he? Oh yeah, the jet. Wait, I got the wrong New York team. I'm tripping. No, Ojo, it's you might as well just, you, you know what you got. Look, You might as well pull him. Pull him, huh?


You might as well pull him. Hey, you talking about you evaluating them? You wanna give yourself a chance to win a chance to do something? I mean, who's the back, who's the backup in New York anyway? Who's The backup quarterback? It's somebody known too. Drew Locke, right? Drew Locke. Oh, drew there. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I mean look, they, they gamble. Hey, hey gm. How that looking now guys, you can run the ball fairly well. I mean, Porter Junior runs the ball really well.


Single Terry, he gets your quarterback right? No team is good enough to overcome Poor quarterback play. Not for, not now. You might win a game or two. 'cause we saw the night Jerry Golf turned the ball over five times and the team Came back. But you also, other teams don't have that kind of high power octane offense either. No. No, they don't. The Giants currently hold the, the number one pick. I, I stay in that position. But they have a new coach next year. Yeah, Most definitely. Hold on. What, what did Bill go back, back to the Giants?


I mean he has a fondness for the Merrill family. He was there when his dad owned the team. Wellington mayor. Right. Founded the Giants back in the thirties. I think that's how long the Giants have been in existence. But his son runs it along with the tissues. I there are 50 50 owners, but the phrase of the team is John Marrow. I'ma I'ma ask Bill, I'm gonna ask Bill on Tuesday what you think about going back to Coast for the Giants next year? I know He would not go back to the Jets. That's why he got outta that situation. He ain't going to the Jets. I know that much. I don't know where else he'll go, but I know he won't go there.


Yeah, I know, I heard I yeah, I know about that. The VI kings defeated the Jags 12 seven despite Sam Donald's three ints. While Donald was storing three interceptions including two in the end zone. The defense held the Jag to one scoring drive for three fourth quarter turnovers. And Donald was forcing the ball to three interceptions to Justin Jefferson causing the coach Kevin O'Connell to shift to the running game whenever possible in the fourth quarter. Bro, I understand you wanna try to get the ball to your play maker, but until you can't force the ball in the end zone like that, Nah, you can't. You gotta go elsewhere.


You got to Gotta go elsewhere. I'm like, bro, what are you doing? But see, and that's the thing you see the thing is today Ocho he had a, a good enough team that overcome that. Yeah. But you have to realize where he was with the Jets, they couldn't overcome back. So now it, it looks worse when you, you turn the ball over three times than you lose. As opposed to you win three times and you win. But that'll get you beat 24 38, 2 41, no touchdowns, three interceptions. And they ran the ball. They ran the ball 43 times for 160. So they tried to take the ball out of his hand.


That's had 81 plays. Hold on. 80 81. Jacksonville had 40 plays. How many plays did Jacksonville have? It Can't be, I mean, it looked like they had like 20, I mean 40 plays total. That was counted. They had 22 pass attempts and 18 rush attempts. That's 40. And the other team had 43 carries and 43 rushes and 38 pass attempts. That's 81 to 40. That can't be right though. 43 to 82. That is right. The hell. Hold on.


I this time of possession has to be like 40 plus. That's why I thought it couldn't be right. Wow. I've never seen a lo of possession dis lopsided. The bike has possessed the ball for 42 minutes and 19 seconds. Yeah. The Jags possessed the ball. 17 minutes and 41 seconds. They putting together some, they stringing some good drive together. So in other words, this tell me this game should not have been close. But for Sam Donald's turnovers 402 total yards, 143 total yards.


Wow. Bank has got real lucky. Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good Ocho. Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good. The Saints defeat the Falcons usually reliable, quicker, young way cold. Where one perform field goal attempt, including one that was blocked. Another try and kick hit the goal post in the fourth quarter. Alvin Camaro says the Saint's all time rushing record. Alvin broke the record held by Mark Ingram during the first quarter coming into the game, Camaro was sitting at 6,489 Rushing yards, needing just 12 to break Ingram's record.


I thought Ingram had pulled a, a Aaron judge, he had the game on his hands. Ocho ran a great route, ran up the sideline. The, the court, the the linebacker kind of got picked. He's gonna score. He dropped it. Yeah. Gave him an opportunity to get the ball back. And First Cousins couldn't do it. Today Cousins 23 of 38, 3 0 6 1 Interoception, no turnovers. Bijan Robinson 20 rushes one 16, Alger 11 for 59. So they had 33 rush attempts, 181 yards.


Derek Carr was 16 or 25, 2 69, 2 touchdowns. Clean game no turnovers. 27 rushes 96 yards. So the, the Falcons almost have 500 yards of total offense. Yeah. And lose a game. That was, that was your homeboy too, man. Young Hope. Young Home Man. It's a tough way to lose. I thought the faculty faculty could have put a stranglehold on this division with the, the bucks losing the day. Ocho That've been perfect. They could have had a stranglehold on this division. We debuted a hashtag on our social this weekend.


Ask Nightcap. Thank you. Thank you to our fans who joined the conversation. We can't do the, we couldn't do this without you. Use the at hashtag Ask Nightcap and join the party with myself and OCHO reminder, use a fresh tweet with a hashtag for your posts to be featured on our show. You know, Ash couldn't be no offensive coordinator because you know, she let the play, she see if they got a first down or not and then she go back to the, we'll get a bunch of delay games. We gonna, you want me to read it?


You okay on the screen? Okay. JJDC 5 2 9 4 at Nightcap. God Dang. Hold on. Who say unblocked me? Go back. Okay, hold on. Concerned again about Hearst being careful with that ball. Ints digs was pretty bad. Yes, because what he, what he tried to do Ocho they ran what they call a a a two by one. Yeah. Knowing that digs out the corner is gonna overlap. So he has to play two in one. He has the guy running up the rail, which was Godard, but he tried to hit No, he had Cal, Cal Cutter, I think that's his name. The, the tight end number.


81. And you got picked because he tried to sneak Godard. It has to be a bang, bang play because the safety is in the hole. Yeah. Plus Digs knows that. So Digs made an outstanding play. But hers gotta be better with the football. You can't throw a pick in the end zone. Nah. Alright. What we got, what's the next one, Roberto? 41 said Night Ocho at OCHO unblocked me. It's been 15 years. Who you blocked Ocho? Shit. I dunno. But you know One Thing at 41. Hey, I'm, I'm friendly as hell. So if I blocked you, it had to be for, it had to be something extreme. Yeah.


King 21 at Shannon Sharp. Nightcap. Unc, how can I get all the coach questions wrong during Stump the unc? How you get all the coach questions? They ain't had no quote, they had no coach questions at Nightcap. Shannon Sharp. Ask Nightcap, which team do you think win the a c North Steelers or the Ravens? Not the Bengals. That wasn Nick. Your Broncos ain't win today. They ain't winning either. We'll get a wild card though. A wild card. What? You must be playing Uno.


You talking about y'all getting a wild card. You definitely must Be playing. We got a better record than the Bengals. You ain't got a better team. Who cares about who got a better team when y'all at home? Well you gonna be at home with us Maybe after the first week, but we gonna go to the playoffs. What we got? Hey, hold on. You must be playing Madden. Nah, we gonna make the playoffs. We gonna beat the Chiefs next time we play em Uhuh. That's doubtful. I'm gonna take the Ravens. I'm gonna, the Ravens gonna get them. Okay. asknightcap start the show early when these games are cooked.


Well done since East Coast. But this game was kept. I I, I agree. But this game was like, it got interesting and so once it got close, but yeah, you are right. We, we would definitely consider that blowouts. Yeah, we going and crank this thing up. asknightcap. Hey, what's happening with Lakers, Matt? Bro, we won tonight. We won two in a row. LeBron James had another triple double. Here he is. Groin. Oh, he got hit now again. Hey, you gonna have to wear goggles bro. That's three times you done got hit.


Now this time you gotta be Kareem and James worthy. Go on and put 'em on. I know you don't like him. They fog up and you uncomfortable. But bro, you gotta do it. You gotta do it. He got hurt. He got hit and die. You got hit and die again. He ain't come out the game like Yeah he did. He missed. He came outta the game. Right. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't gonna say nothing because he been, he been balling. He been balling What we got. What we got. What you got? That's all them.


Yeah. Yes. Once we're able to do videos again, you can submit a video and we'll show you video. But you're gonna have to give us permission to show the video because we ain't put nothing up. We ain't ain't put nothing up because we about to get, we're not gonna get any more copyright infringement.


Did you know there's no Tom at Tom's. The shoe company you know and love Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace Cozy Comfort with Toms, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic all forgo slip bombs. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear@toms.com.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There is a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


Coming soon to Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So want stick us out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside his head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like that car ride in your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, all those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Autotrader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at the same time? Well, multitasking pro cars like the ones in the gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay. No flying cars, but as soon as they get invented they'll be on Autotrader. Just you. Wait, Autotrader.


Oh, hold on, hold on, hold on. Okay, here. It's alright guys. Now it's time for our last segment of the day, q and a Q and a. I'm over here fighting Ivanka Silva said, Hey Uncle Ocho, I'm your biggest fan from Sri Lanka. Love football. I watch or listen to your show every day. Keep doing what you're doing. Best of luck, bro. Thank you. Never been to Sri Lanka. Appreciate That. It's always nice to have fans outside of the us Thank you for chiming in Tka Silva. Appreciate the support, bro. I had, I had a little, yeah, I had a little, had a girlfriend from Sri Sri Lanka Once. You ain't had nobody from nowhere.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You Had a girlfriend from Anderson, Alabama. Oh man. Phoenix City, Alabama. Nah, nah. Yeah. Okay. You ain't think I do that. King Govan said, yo uncle don't, Hey yo Ocho don't let uncle get away with it. Baltimore not here today to savior him. We don't want to hear foot or ball go bear. Come on, hold on. Ocho. He ain't talking about, he don't wanna hear foot or ball and he talking about Go Bears. Hey. So he know better. He say, I let you off the hook. Hey, he don't understand. He don't understand. I ain't even had the energy. I ain't even had the energy to actually say, if your team lost today, I don't wanna hear you say foot up all.


So I let you slide them because I was playing for my life and I was tired. I'm tired as hell Man. How you gonna use my thing against, how you gonna use my saying against me? Hey, listen, I I let you slide tonight. I'm I'm, I'm being a good Samaritan. Andrew Ayers said the NFL is fing cheated for the lions to win. That was an obvious pi. It's funny how it happened right at the two minute warning and the replay. The ish on the National Fing tv. Yeah, I mean They could have called it. They could Have called it. Yeah. They de they sure could Have. They they definitely could have called it Ain't no else. They had a bus around it. They could have called it.


Yeah. That was clear as day. Brian. Ian said, what's up Gold Lions. It's amazing to see a team play. So poorly win tonight through we needed Smith more than ever. Have you guys ever played a game like that? Jake Masturbate. Woo. Wait. Yeah, when I was in Baltimore, we had a bunch of games like that. Hold on. Were you threw five interceptions and still won, Bro? We went, we went like over a month and didn't score a touchdown. You had the great, one of the, you had maybe the, the greatest defense of all time. That's different That what he said. He said you only had a game like that. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I see We had a bunch of, Yeah, Holman Lion, the chief were supposed to lose today if they meet in the Super Bowl.


Do you think, do you think, who do you think guys will be the favorite? Love the show. Keep up the great work Man. The Chiefs go to the goddamn Super Bowl again and Patrick Mahomes happened. The Threepeat even had the chance. Two three peak. They'd be unbelievable. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not bet I'm not betting against him. Who would I think would be the favorite? I would, I would, I would, I would think the, I think that the, the, the Chiefs would be the favorite. Back to back champs. Yeah. Patrick Mahomes two time League MVP and probably he would've had to get by Lamar Jackson.


Yep. Josh Allen. Josh Allen. Yeah. And maybe even the Steelers. So yeah, I I would think Kansas City would be the favorite. Frank Poro say, don't care about the season no more. F Jerry Jones will e says start a new job. I've been working two years to get celebrating with some La Portier tonight. Willie, appreciate that man. Thank you for the support. I greatly appreciate it. Hopefully you have enjoyed it. Like a lot of the people that's tasted it and enjoyed it and we have a lot of repeat customers, so I really appreciate the support Willie.


And congrats on the job. Yeah. Hey, what, what kind of job you got? You gotta put in the job that you got. Damn. Where the hell you, Hey, where you work, where you work at and what y'all, what y'all got? I can steal. Yeah, I wanna know. Yeah, I might need to come up there. You gotta, you work at a fast food. You the manager. Hey, Wherever is that Raisin Cane Chipotle? I mean you got a, what kind of job you got? You got an IT job? Oh, I need a, I need an iPhone because I'm sick of this iPhone 13 Toxic talk. Say I'm sorry Jennifer, going off subject ocho, is assistant job still available? I send an email to your guy. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know my, my main assistant done lost her ju you know, she, she done send her her two week notice.


Yeah. But we, we, we looking, we looking Brooklyn two 2K one said Rogers is washed. UNC ain't hating just the facts, Man. That's fucked up. Yeah. Yeah. It is. It it it, it hurt. It hurt, it hurt me to see it. Ocho ju Juno says Ocho, you gotta explain why you got the same amount of fumble as unc, but unc played more seasons than you love the show by the way. Yeah. Ocho explain that. I got more what Fumble? We got the same amount of fumbles Because I was aggressive. I played reckless and you know, when I, you know, it just, that's what happened when you get hit.


I ain't never, I ain't never fumbled the ball. I know you got the same amount of fumble as me. Antonio Graham said, Ocho, keep your head up. My childhood was based off of you because my mama had to cut my hair bald. I used to wear your jersey during the, during a prime. I've been called Chad Ochocinco in the 7 5 7 forever. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But lemme tell you something, young bull, my head is always up no matter what because if it was down, I wouldn't be able to see where the hell I'm going. You hear me? Yeah. I appreciate that though. Margo said thanks. Thank you v Happy Veterans Day to everyone.


Yes. To the men and women that are currently serving to the men and women that have served abroad and at home. Oh yeah. Thank you for your service. Thank you. Thank you for everything that you've done to make sure we get to sleep great at night. And we thank you for being on that wall. And so again, yeah, thank you to all the vets, those that have served, those that are currently serving, and to all the men and women that have given their life, get paid the ultimate sacrifice to protect our liberties and freedom here in America. Thank you. Salute you Four kt Oh, start bench cut Raptor of Hakeem magic Ewing. Celtic Shaq.


Start bench cut. Woo. That's a good one there. Boy. I think I'll start a king. I mean all these guys were bad in their respect to locations. Man, I forgot Patrick, you went to the magic hell, he went to Seattle too, didn't he? I think he went to, people don't realize he went to Seattle too On the back end. Yeah, I think he was in Seattle for a year, right? Yeah. Before the match. Yeah. Woo.


Unfortunately I gotta cut 'em all. Little Joe, ain't nobody starting You cutting them all, All of them because they were bad. And just to see, just to see, because we had gotten so accustomed to seeing Dream in that uniform, Right. And to see him in, in Toronto. And we got used to seeing Patrick in the Nick uniform. Now granted, Shaq had, you know, lake, he had the magic, the Lakers. He, then he goes to Phoenix Celtics and the CI think Cleveland was at the end. I think he went to the Celtics before Cleveland. Right?


Cleveland themselves. Yeah. And so, but I mean the, to play the game, I would start, Ooh, I would start a king. I would bench Shaq. I would cut Youi. But if you didn't know, I mean, look, I, I know, I think people realize that Shaq played with a lot of teams, but I know because it was so long ago and, and, and, and dream that people didn't realize that dream was a Raptor. And they definitely didn't realize that, that Patrick played for the Supersonics. Right. As well as the, the, the magic everybody remembers him for as a nick.


I didn't even know that. Yes. So that's it Ocho that concludes this episode of Nightcap. Guys, thank you for joining us. Thank you for watching as the Lions walk it off. 26 23 to remain atop the NFC and comfortably in the NFC North with a 26 21 26, 23 victory. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Shark. That guy right there is a Liberty City is legend being a ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, we thank you for helping us achieve the level of success that we've been able to enjoy. Absolutely. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock and with the holidays right around the corner. You don't wanna Miss Shea by La Porter. Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's. And we'll make sure you get it before the holidays. Go follow my media company page on all platforms that she, she media and my clothing company 84, our latest release dropped. I was held when I was Well I'll lie for you before I lie to you.


T-shirts, black Nightcap hoodies popular demand to stay with me now is also in a hoodie. And of course our bestsellers Ocho, the UNC and OCHO tees got a lot of requests. Guys, can y'all make the o unc and ocho ts in black? We did that. Dropped them LA last week. Quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours now while supplies last. Rookie kicker. Jake Bates walks it off. He ties it with a 50 a 58 yard field goal. Walks it off with a 52 yard field goal and the lions overcome five interceptions by Jerry Goff to win. 26. 23. The Eagles Molly walk. The Dallas Cowboys 34 to six Cooper Rush passes.


4 45 yards. Chiefs stay undefeated with a blocked field goal as time expires. The Chiefs have not won seven won possession games this season the most since the by super eventual Super Bowl Champs nine by the Broncos in 2015 and the Giants in 1986. The bucks go on the road and they walk it off With a 2320 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Russ leaves a victory come from behind victory as they beat the commanders. 28 27 the Cardinals who dog walk the Jets 31 to six bills handle business, take care of business on the road.


They take the ball away from Joe Flaco four times as they win 30 20. As the Chiefs visit the bills next week, the Patriots dominate the Bears 19 to three as they sack Caleb Williams nine times Bryce Young on the Road wins in Germany 2017 as they force a fumble in overtime and they win 20 to 17. Viking win 12 seven despite Sam Donald turning them all over three times. Saints thanks to four, three Miss Field goals, they hold on to beat the Falcons 20 to 17 and that's it. We'll see you tomorrow night after.


Who plays tomorrow, Ash? Okay, we'll see you tomorrow night after the Dolphins Rams. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap unc. He's Ocho. See you tomorrow. I love y'all. The. Volume,


what's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus Live TV. Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures the financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com. Good job. Thanks.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. I Joy seed. I appreciate the support people eat that Brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.