
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Tired of boring lunches. Picture this, you're at Chipotle ordering the same old burrito bowl. But wait. There's more excitement in store than just guac. Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app. Just link your card, dine at your favorite restaurants, and you'll learn points to get free gift cards from tons of brands. It's like getting paid to eat hungry for savings. Download the Drop app now and use code Drop four four to kickstart your rewards journey with $5 in points.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


Hey, What's up? I'm Jerry Goff, quarterback for the Detroit Lions Abercrombie's NFL Partnership kicked off last year. And. if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean. It's really in right now, and the athletic fit has extra room in the thigh. I need make sure to hit up Abercrombie Essentials collection for tees and their bestselling essential pop over hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


The Volume.


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. NFL Week one is here. And the new season mean new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns, Draftking hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The days are warmer, the walks are longer. And one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from farmer's, dog farmer's, dogs make fresh real food and delivers it right to your door. Recipes are developed by vet nutritionists made from real meat and veggies and proportion just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls. Feed your dog real food with real benefits. My Pomeranian Teddy love the stuff and his coat has never looked better. His smart, healthy pet food. You can feel good about feeding your pup. It's the best option for your dog of all life stages because it's not kibble. It's not cango. It's real healthy food. And it doesn't matter if your dog is young or old. It's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, full years together. Get 50% off the first box of your fresh, healthy food from farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap to get 50% off. That's farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite up Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame Honoree, a pro bowler an all pro from Liberty City, SAMO Juco, Oregon State to the Bingos. Yep. Y'all know him. Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Remember every podcast subscriber counts And. we thank you for counting and helping us grow. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier.


If we don't have it on a state or sitting near you, you can order it online and we'll ship it right to your door. And we're taking orders. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Everything off, everything is 20% off currently. Thank you Ocho. Woo. Number 10, Florida State. Now you number 10, last week when you went over to Ireland and I think and Georgia Tech beat you. Yes sir. You come home. Yes sir. You steal number 10 and you lose that home to Boston College. Now they Unacceptable. The O and 2 28 13 losers to Boston College. Lemme see if I can get this name right.


DJ ian g. Did I say it right? Ocho Just say DJ U DJ UGD. Matter of fact, dj unbelievable, because that's that his performance tonight was unbelievable. Yeah, Ocho I mean, you do realize he was at Clemson before Trevor Lawrence got there. Yeah. Trevor Lawrence been in the league like three, four years. Yes, sir. And he, so what, what does that tell you? He went to, if I'm not mistaken, he's on, he's on his third team. This is his third, third team. Huh? Clemson, Oregon State. Now FSU, that performance wasn't good enough. Ocho, you watched the game talking to us about what you saw. I'm upset.


It makes me sick as a resident of the state of Florida. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. The best football team in Tallahassee is Florida a and m performance is like tonight. It's why coaches get fired. dj, you, you have to play better. You can't compete at any level, whether it's peewee, junior high flag football, college, high school in the NFL, it comes down the most important position on the field. The quarterback position, the team goes as the quarterback goes tonight. It just wasn't good. It wasn't good.


I'm not sure if he's the best fit. I'm not sure if he's the best option. But if Florida State wants to compete the rest of the season, they're gonna have to make a decision at the quarterback position. Unless Mag Magnifi, oh my goodness. Magnificently the quarterback turns around, turns it around in some way, shape, form or fashion. He would his confidence right now, UNC, his confidence is shot. His confidence is shot. Shot. Shout out to Brian. I'm talking about Bit shout out to Bill O'Brien on having a bo a Boston College team that was ready to play, especially defensively. I love, I love the quarterback Castellos.


Did I say that right? Castellos, Castellos. Castellanos Castellano, Cast Castellanos. You know, he, he played, he played some good football, he played some good Football. Char ran hard, caught the ball and well, out of the backfield, Listen, on third down, unc Florida State was three for 14. Man. Well, you going lose three. Hey listen, three for four, three for 14. Yeah. Like on, on a video game. If you playing NCAA college 25, you can go better than three for 14. I'm expecting, I I'm thinking about the Florida states of the old, the Florida states of the old, with the Charlie Wards and the Peter Wars and, and, and the Bowl wears and the the Marvin Snoop Menace man, they, they got, they got to be upset.


They got to be upset. Fans that are people that are fans of Florida State have to be upset. You can't, you can't have that kind of performance for one way out there in Ireland. Again, Georgia Tech, and then come home in your home stadium unc and play like that. Like these are the kind of performances by a team that get head coaches fired. Somebody gonna have to answer because it doesn't get any easier. I, I forgot looking at the schedule, I forgot who, I forgot who Florida State has next might have been was is it may, might be Memphis or some, something like that. Yeah. They need, they need a game where they can string things together.


They weren't in sync. The quarterback and the receivers, the night, every ball, every seemed like almost every ball was off. There was no chemistry. Seemed like they hadn't even practiced before. Like easy layup stuff come back, routes, curl routes, sitting in the zone, ball to the left ball to the right ball hitting the floor before it get to the receivers. Well, you know, he, I Don't, I don't know, I don't know what was going on from what I saw. God damn fa MU quarterback right next. Matter of fact, he can come right now and do better than what I just saw tonight. Come on man. Mr. Ea throw a seven route on the gold line. He had a situation. Next switch he got. So, oh, how do you miss that? Throw it out bounds And you had to set for a field goal.


That's a touchdown. Yeah. That changes the game itself. Yeah. 100% of the balls thrown out bounds are incomplete. So I don't know if he thought that was, you know, it was Canada, the field was a lot wider than what it was, but he struggled. I mean, he struggled. I mean, you know, he played well if you look at his freshman year, I thought the kid, because he played so well, he had a couple of 400 yard games, if I'm not mistaken, his freshman year. I thought the man, if this kid stay on this trajectory, he gonna be a top five pick big kid. Yeah. He's like 6 4, 6 5, 2 40. Yeah. Big time arms. Yeah. But All the intangibles. All the intangibles. I think the thing is now, it ain't no, it ain't, there's, there's nothing wrong Losing your job to Trevor Lawrence.


Trevor Lawrence turned out to be the number one pick in the first pick in the draft. There ain't no, yeah. It's just like Jalen Hearst losing his job to tour. Tour was a top five pick. There ain't no shame in that Ocho There ain't no shame in losing a job to a top at. Not at all. Yeah. But okay, you didn't like the way, now you come in and you're still struggling and, and, and the new guy, Knik, I think he takes your job right. And now you go to Oregon State and you don't find happiness there and you don't play well there. You come to Florida State and it's two games in, there's a reoccurring theme here. You're the only common denominator of any. If you say, okay, Clemson, Oregon State and Florida State, the only common denominator is, is, is is you. Yeah. His confidence is shot.


Unc his confidence is shot. I, I'm, I'm not sure who, who FSU plays next, but he needs to string some things together, starting in practice. It, it all starts with a, whoever's calling the plays out there Florida State to build his confidence up, start him small swing pass, you know, quick smoke just to get him in rhythm. Get him in rhythm to get his confidence back. Because if, if he's going to be the starter, if he's gonna be the starter for the rest of the season, for the remainder of the season, since, you know, they, they got Mike Norville got his who shot him. Because if, if you put up another performance like that, well the ad gonna come calling for sure. The boost is gonna come calling somebody finna come knocking.


Right. You had you score 37 37 if I think maybe 37 points a game last year. Well they had Jordan Travis who was outstanding before he hurt his leg. And that's probably one of the reasons they got blown out in the game against Georgia. You know, they was complaining about not making the college football playoffs. Alabama got their spot. No shame. 'cause Alabama went down to the SEC championship and beat Georgia. Georgia had hadn't lost the game in two years. They won back to back national championships, looked like they were going for a threepeat. So I don't think anybody's shocked that Alabama jumped Florida State considering they had lost their starting quarterback. Had the starting quarterback still been in there. Ocho I think that'd have been a very difficult sell.


But they knew with the backup, they weren't gonna even come close. I don't think they thought Georgia was going to thump 'em like this, but it it, it happened. But when you go on the road and, and, and they were favored to beat Georgia Tech. Georgia Tech is a lot better than I think PE pre people thought. With that being said, Florida State, you went 13 and oh last year, you didn't know last year you returned. I get it. Jordan Travis is gone. Keon Coleman is gone. And you probably lost. Yeah, I think you lost a defensive lineman also. But you, you should be better than this. I mean, you, they, the, the polls had your ranked top 10. They had, you obviously had your ranked top 10 for a reason and when you came out and you didn't, you, you, they haven't played well.


But it comes down to the quarterback. The quarterback hasn't played well. He hadn't played well in a very, very long time. Ocho Yeah. And with that being said, it ain't, it's it's, it's, it's not, it's not looking good for Florida State. Now Mike Norvell, they chose Mike Norvell over time. Time what? That's time's alma mater. He played at Florida State, had a st story career there and, and they chose Mike Norvell. Could you imagine, could you imagine if Prime was that Florida state? Man, can you imagine the recruits they would have? Could you imagine how he could have turned that program around into being like the Seminole football teams of the early nineties?


The two thousands? I I'm thinking about it. Okay. The quarterback play is subpar. Yeah. It's not up to par, but there was a time Keon Coleman is gone. There was always somebody next in line. Yeah, for sure. When somebody leaves Alabama, there's somebody next in line. When somebody leaves LSU, there's always a next dog in line. I'm not sure what happened. At what point did we lose recipes when it come to the Florida teams? FSU and the Gators was the time when the, when the big boys left, there was always another dog in line to keep it rolling. So if the quarterback position is subpar, there was always some dogs at receiver that can make up for the lack of quarterback play or lack of consistency at the quarterback play because they were just that good.


Not everybody spread out all over the place. Everybody spread out all over the place. I look at some of the, the Young Bulls down at, down at Ohio State, Jeremiah Smith, I think I said his name right, he went to Ohio State, come right from Shaha, you know, Jerry, Judy, all, all the receivers that should, I would like them to stay home and play for they home teams. Now most of 'em, can you imagine all them stayed home and played? Look at Amarii Cooper, ma Cooper left. Most of those guys left. Everybody left. So now let's say, okay, you, you can't get a quarterback, but then you always have those dogs in line at the receiver position. You know what, all we have to do is just put it in his hands or put it in the area. Just put the ball in the vicinity and they would do the rest.


Yeah, they'll make it work. Yeah. It ain't the same no more man, it ain't The same. No Mo I think. Yeah. Had you got, I'm not saying he's gonna have the same type of success, but I think it'd been a very similar situation to when Kirby Smart went back to Georgia because Kirby played at Georgia and it's like, okay, I guy came home. That'd been a very similar situation with, with Prime. Yeah. Going to Florida State. But you know, whatever, they made their decision, they wanted to go with Mike Norvell and you know, I think he went, what? He go, he went 13 and old last year. The quarterback gets hurt. They go, I think he went, what, what did he win his first year? Eight and five. Maybe nine and four. So it's not like, but when the standard is what Florida State is, especially what Coach Bowden not the last couple of years with standing, is that there an expectation level in these schools?


Yeah. You know, there's an expectation level that, as you said, like the, you know, with Coach Bowden in the eighties and the nineties, you know, they, they got the, they had great players. All, all the Florida schools got a lot of the Florida players. They weren't going to Alabama and they weren't going to real state. They stayed at home. Now they're starting to spread out. They're going to Ohio State, they're going to the University of Alabama, they're going to Georgia, they're going to Michigan. And so now all of a sudden, hey you look, it used to be ocho, if you could just recruit the state of Florida, you gonna be straight. Yeah. Now you go to Ohio and get your co you know, go to the Midwest and get you a couple of big old linemen. But if you can recruit the state of Florida, you, you're a Gucci.


Yeah, Well it's getting harder and harder to recruit the state of Florida because they're not putting out the, the pros like Alabama, like Ohio State, like some of like Georgia, you see Georgia every year churning out defensive players. You see Alabama every year churning out offensive and defensive players. You see Ohio State, you get Chase Young, you get the BSO brothers, you get those stringer receivers going out of there. You get the offensive linemen. So they start to see that. I'm like, well hell Florida young when the last time y'all put some, put multiple players in the first round in the NFL Miami win FSU. So now OCHO is starting to dissipate a little bit and it's getting harder and harder to recruit because they see Amari Cooper, man, ma Cooper went taught five.


They see Jerry, Judy, they see all of these other receivers going and what's the guy, what's the other guy that he was at Jackson. He was at Atlanta. Did he goes to Jacksonville, now he's at Tennessee. I think he's a Florida kid, isn't he Cal, Calvin Red, Taylor, Ridley, where's Ridley from? Really? From Florida or is Alabama? You know what? I'm not, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure where Cal from. I'm not sure. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not not sure. But I just, I I don't know. Just You gotta do better than this. O Joe. The quarterback has to play better. I mean, if he doesn't you're not gonna win. Now the a CC is not what it once was. You basically, yeah. You got Clemson. We'll see what Louisville's gonna be. I don't know if they got Notre Dame on the schedule this year, but DJ 21 of 42.


2 72 1 touchdown one inception 50% in college is, is is not good. No, It's not good in college. 50% in college, 50% used to be like 55% was really good in the NFL under the old rules. Now if you're not completing 60, 65%, damn near 70% of your passing in the NFL with the way the rules are and the way to fill the space, right? Yeah Man, 50% you trash, you definitely, you definitely not good in college if you only completing 50% of your passes. But they gotta do, damn, they do Florida FSU do play Florida. Notre Dame at Notre Dame. Wow. Wait, who? Wait, who does Florida State play next?


What, who Do they, They they play Memphis, if I'm not mistaken. They play Memphis. What, what it what they play Memphis next week? Or do they, do they have a they have a early Buy at home, the 14th at home. Man, listen. But if they lose, what if they lose to Memphis? Huh? So they gotta buy, so they gotta buy. So they play, they okay. Yeah. Alright, well they got some decisions to make. What Did they they say Real is from Lauderdale? Somebody in the chat say Really? From Lauderdale. Oh, crib. Okay. Okay. I ain't, I ain't even know Real from the crib. Yeah. So, oh, he lose to Memphis. Oh, Billy Nap. Hey, they might get him up out here. Yeah. I, oh man.


Listen, ain't ain't ain't looking it, it is not looking pretty. It's not. 'cause in, in order to beat Memphis, if I, I'm not mistaken, Mike. No, I meant, I meant Mike Novell, but Nap Bell Billy nap. Better get on the ball too. As a matter of fact. Let's go ahead and transition. The biggest dis disappointment though, has been the civil oaths. Front seven expected to be one of the best defensive line in the country. FSU was carved up for 190 yards, 5.2 yards to carry. And it's opening lost in Dublin. And they were Oh, oh, oh. Y'all, I'm looking at this as, just put this stat. Guess who the number two ranked quarterback, the number one ranked quarterback coming out due was Bryce Young.


DJ was number two. cj Sri was number three when they was coming out, when they were coming outta high school. Right? Gu What? dj, where DJ went to high school at, Where'd he go to high school at? Oh, that's in, that's in Jersey, isn't it? California? He went to St. John Bosco. So all three of 'em from California. He Went to St. John Bosco. Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. All three of 'em from California. Yeah. Bell, bell, Bellflower, California, and CJ's from Rancho Cucamonga. Damn man. See, he was 6, 6, 4 and a half. 246 pounds. CJ was six two and a half. 1 94. Bryce Young was 5 11 180 3.


Bryce was number one. CJ was number two. I mean, DJ was number two and CJ was number three. And Bryce Young won a Heisman Trophy went number one. Overall, CJ had a great collegiate career. Lemme get that.


Jordan, Make this new school year an opportunity for your kids to learn in important life skills with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where kids learn how to save and invest and spend wisely while parents keep an eye on kids' money habits. Greenlight also helps families get into their ball routine with a chores feature that lets parents assign chores and pay kids allowance when they check them off. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie Haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Blinds dot com's Labor Day mega sale starts now. Take the labor out of shopping for custom window treatments and make upgrading your home easy and affordable. Don't miss out on up to 50% off right now@blinds.com. blinds.com is the better way to shop for custom window treatments. 100% online with upfront pricing and free shipping. No showroom markups, no pushy salespeople in your home blinds dot com's. Design experts can help you make the perfect choices with free virtual consultations. Plus they'll send samples right to your door fast and free blinds.com can even handle the measure and installation for you. Unlimited window treatments installed for one low cost since 1996. Customers have trusted blinds.com to cover over 25 million windows all backed by their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Take the labor out of upgrading your home with blind stock com's Labor Day mega sale happening now. Save up to 50% plus premium doorbusters up to 50% off@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back To it, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the day. Make it all right.


Bu ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money. Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


CJ had a great cre collegiate career with number two. Overall, I don't, I'm not sure. I'm not sure he's gonna get drafted OCHO unless something turns turns around And it, the only thing that can turn it around is himself. Himself. The coaches can only hide so much. The coaches can only had so much. At some point you gotta, you gotta step up and play ball. Yeah. At some points you gotta step up and play ball. My whole mentality in general, I'm, I don't play the quarterback position. How can I make my coaching job easy? How can I make the players around me better?


How can I do that As a quarterback, I want to be able to make those play calls as easy as possible. Being able to make all the throws, whether it be short, whether it be intermediate, whether it be deep balls, ocho, how do I do that? By being efficient Ocho, I could call all the players if I want, but if the guy ocho, I can give you a job. But if you can't operate the equipment, what am I supposed to do? That's unc, that's all confidence. Unc, I'm looking at a young fell out there tonight. I'm playing with no confidence. So What, so what happened at Clemson? Okay. You lost his confidence. Okay. What happened at Oregon State? Okay, let's just say he lost his confidence. Okay. At Florida State, at what point in time is it him, ocho?


Yeah, I, that's why, that's what, that's what I'm saying. And then what happens is you're playing against competition that I'm, I'm assuming he is a little better, you know, at Clemson. I'm not sure if he was there with Trevor Lawrence when he was at Clemson. Well, hell, you know, you, you know, you're not starting over him. I'm not sure where, Where was he at? What was he, was he there with, was he there with Trevor or he was, he came in after Trevor got there. Why the hell would you go there if Trevor there? Yeah, I listen, I I have no idea he was the guy. I had no idea that guy. He, from the time he was like 17, he was like, okay, this is gonna be the number one pick. It's the same thing as Matthew Stafford. Right? They like, oh, oh, he gonna be the number one pick of the draft. The way he could spin the football, the way he can throw the ball.


He gonna be the number one pick. Yeah. His first year he came in, he was in the 2020 class. So he came in, Trevor was probably so that way Trevor was a senior, a junior because Trevor was started as a, as a, well he played right away. So yeah, he didn't red shirt. Right. Okay. Damn man. K Clubnick. And then at or at Oregon State? At Oregon State, he, he couldn't beat out whoever the starter was there. I forgot Young Bull that that was there last year. Nah, He played, but the thing, oh, we did play O ocho.


If the thing is, if you struggle throwing the ball, why the hell you going to Oregon with that weather? It rains, it's sleet, it's snows, it's cold, it's windy. Man, you better stay your ass in the south. Damn. Well he's in, he's in the south n he right here. Sunshine. Oh, Missing the eea. Missing the easiest throws it like they had, they looked like they had never practiced before. Oh. So Ocho has it ever dawned on you? On dawned on you. He might not be it. That's why I said his confidence is shot to be coming outta high school and be ranked number two in between, in between CJ Stroud and Bryce Young.


There's something about you that everyone saw. 6 4, 2 40. I'm that With St. St. John Bosco. I that I know. I, I know. And at the quarter of acquisition, the first thing, once your confidence is shot, it affects everything else. Everything else. Ocho That's why at at, that's why at at the highest level in NFL, you have to have a very short memory. As a db, you got have a short memory, you get beat, boom onto the next play. As a receiver, you drop a ball, you know what? Boom, fuck it. Onto the next play. What happens if you got confidence and you're not good, then what do you do? I don't. Hey, listen, I don't know nobody that's not good. That got confidence. Oh, You can be, you can have confidence and not be good at something.


You absolutely can. You absolutely can be good at something. Have all the comes in the world. You gotta have some type of self-awareness. If you have self-awareness, there's no way in hell you not good and confident at the same time. The two and two, the two, the two don't even go Together. But see, that's the thing with an athlete sometimes I, I I are greatest, Our greatest attributes is our greatest liabilities. Also, it gives us for false. Man, I'm really re Everybody good? Oh, Joe, everybody was good in high school. If you go to college, right, and guess what? You go to the NFL? Everybody. Everybody. For the most part, 85% of the players was all conference.


All American, all something. All something. At some point in time, if you were in the NFL, you was all something at some level. Right? All state, all conference, all this, all that, all American won this award. You was something. And sometimes it just comes down ocho you know what a, you just go to a level and that, that's, that's it. That's far as you're meant to go. Yeah. So you think, you think, you think DJ has hit his ceiling? You think as a quarterback, I think that might be a possibility that just may. And that's okay. Everybody, oh, there are a million kids that come out and go to college every year. All million of 'em may go into the NFL.


Oh, wait a minute. What if this is the issue? What if the fact that he doesn't have the supporting cast that a Bryce Young or CJ Sau had? They, Was that Clemson? Do you know what come outta Clemson? They were playing for national championships. I mean, I don't know. I don't, I don't. Hey, but hey, It's tough. I Don't, I don't, it's hard. Don't, I don't like, I I don't like what I saw Today. But I get what you're saying. When a guy comes out as heralded as he is Yeah. With his son, he has all the physical attributes, everything that you could look at and says, that's what a quarterback should look like.


Six, four and a half, 240 plus pound, big pass Eye Test, sturdy body can make every throw on the field. And so when you look at all the measurables, That's it. Yeah. You saying to yourself, man, give Bryce Young that body give, let Bryce Young be six foot four and a half two instead of five, five, eight, five nine, five ten, five eleven, a hundred eighty pounds. Give him that body with his makeup. Right. But everybody, I mean, God didn't give Lamar ain't give Tom Brady, Lamar, Jackson legs. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, listen, you, you gotta work with what you Got you.


I can't give you everything Ocho Yeah. Work with step, step cur to be able to be like LeBron six foot nine can come down here and shoot the ball. What? And shoot the ball like that. How is that fair? So, hey, I, I don't know what it is, but I definitely fought after watching him for a couple of games because when he came in for Trevor Lawrence Ocho, he threw for like 400 yards because I think Trevor Lawrence got hurt. Didn't, Trevor Lawrence missed a couple of games and he came in Ocho and I'm talking about he on There on fire. Huh? Go back, look again. Look, look at who. That's why I said that's why I said that the supporting cash Had in those games. You heard me?


I gu I guarantee you I'm right. The supporting Cassie out there, the supporting cast to save you every time Now. And when you got, when you got them dogs surrounding you, they will save you every time. But guess what? Those dogs probably said, man, you hurt now chance to get to the league. 'cause now you got us looking like we can't play. Right. Damn. I know one thing, the best C collegiate football team in Tallahassee is Florida a and m. Matter of fact, fam, you might be Florida State based on what I saw tonight. No, that's how I'm feeling Because you definitely, I I remember going to camp my rookie year.


Man. O Ocho man, the quarterback was so bad. I was like, man, I'm not going with you in no 1 0 1. I'm backing up. You not finna get both of us cut. Because I see the way you throw it, you gonna get cut. You gonna have me out here people, you gonna have Coach Reed to thinking out here out Keep do Ish. Oh no. Nope. Man, I, Hey listen, he got a week. He got a week. He got a week to get together. Get it together. Get get your confidence back. I know, I know. That's what it is. Young bull gotta get his confidence back. I hope so. And he need, he need, he need them receivers and receivers gotta help him out. Yeah. They, they, they gotta help him out. The play caller, whoever's calling the plays, you have to understand his strengths, his his weaknesses. You gotta know what your receivers are good at.


What they can and what they can't do. Make it easy for him. If you gotta, if you gotta, if you gotta dumb down the playbook, dumb it down. And once he gets his confidence back, then you can open the playbook back up. Oh yo. He missing easy throws though, Ocho. Yeah, I know. I be high. I know he throwing swings in the dirt. He that seven route in the ends on Ocho. You won't get an easier throw than that Ocho. I could, I ain't gonna lie. I a I ain't played quarterback in 40 years. I could have completed that one. Yeah. Right now. Yeah. It's unfortunate. It's unfortunate. I, I one I'm, I'm gonna tell you one thing. Players get coaches fired man. Yeah. Players get Coaches Fired. FSU wasn't the only Florida team that struggled this weekend.


The Gators opened the season at home against Rival Miami. Miami the Kings. And it wasn't pretty. They lost 41 17. Billy Napier should probably focus on his team and not taking shots at the Florida fans. This is what he said, Ocho, we gotta become more consi. We got to become a more consistent team. And if we focused on those things and not necessarily what some guy in his basement is said, you know, rural central Florida on social media, then we got a chance to get better. You talking about the fans, He say the fans, you know, criticizing him, say they in, you know, their basement.


Oh, hey, hey, hey coach. Hey. Well they, they, they only own one. Huh? If All losses aren't the same ocho Yeah. In one thing, you get beat. Okay. Ocho we lost 27, 23. Right. We lost 31, 24. Man, you get beat by 24 and it wasn't that close Ocho. Yeah. I mean, listen, the hurricanes ain't no slouch now. The hurricanes ain't no slouch. They, they, they bounced, they bouncing back that goddamn cam ward. Oh, he played unbelievable. He was sensational. Woo. But that boy cam Ward, I'm telling you that's the difference.


When you have a quarterback, you could damn, you could damn near do anything. Yeah, he was at there slicing and dicing, slicing and dicing. But at some point in time, Ocho you can't, you gotta look, you gotta accept responsibility. He said, I mean, as a coach, as a coach, I gotta do a better job of coaching them up. I gotta do a better job of putting them in position and making sure we understand what we need to do in order for us to win. You can't blame the fans. You can't blame the players. Players. Now if you want to get, when you want to get into a situation or show, you go into a meeting room and you and I both know we played at a lot of different levels, but the coach might say publicly and what he say privately is two different things.


Different And, we different And, we understand that that effort is not good enough. That effort was not good enough on either side of the ball. I expect us to play better. A lot of the assignments that we missed, we had gone over and over and over. One of the reasons why I couldn't coach hell, we done practice something all week. We send the first 15. And guess what happens though, Joe? The first 15, somebody f it up. Now we done practiced this. You knew it. Saturday night we go over it again and guess what? We talk about it before we go out there. Verse 15, eight, this is what we got, blah, blah, blah. And then somebody mess it up. And so I get it. If you want to critique your plans in the meeting now, right. If they keep effing it up there, there is something going.


Either there's a disconnect with the, the way you teaching it or the way they're receiving it. Now, if you are teaching it correctly, now you need to get players that can receive it better. But if you're not, you need to get a coach or coaches that can communicate what some people are, are are, you know me, I was a visual learner. You just couldn't tell me what to do. I needed to see it Ocho. Now, once I saw it, I got it. And then I understand what you were trying to tell me and what I needed to do, but I needed to see it. Everybody doesn't learn the same. And so we gotta find out a way coaches, we need to find out a way to get the information that we're trying to disseminate.


We need to get the players to understand it. So what, what is being lost in communication? What is being lost in translation? Well, what happens if the, the team you're playing regardless to how well you coach him up. Let's say Brother Napier coached up the Florida defense. He coached up the Florida offense. They know what to do. They've been in meetings all week. You study film and you watch film on the Miami Hurricanes on what they were gonna do. Their tendencies offensively and their tendencies defensively. But what happens if they just better than you? Huh? No, you said it. What happens if their, if their players are just better than us, which is why the score, the the, the score at the end of the game. Look the way it look. That, that, that what Happen, if they were, they, they, they were just better.


They were able to execute, execute their offense better. That happens Ocho sometimes some, and that's why it's easy for you to accept. Got just better. They're just better. They're bigger, faster, stronger. They're coaching. Yeah. Even, even they're being coached better. Even if I coach at my best because they have superior athletes. Hell Right. I could have rolled secretariat and wasn't nobody gonna beat him. It, it wasn't, it wasn't run. And no disrespect to Ron Turcott. Right. But that horse, when you win by 31 lengths, it ain't the, it ain't the jockey. Right? It's the horse. Yeah. It's that chestnut cold.


So sometimes it's just the team that's just better. Their players are better than yours. Their coaches are better than yours. A lot of times that's how Alabama won. Alabama won because they had better players, better coaches. Yeah. Miami, the cage, when they were winning, they had better players and better coaches. Yeah. Okay. It, it happens ojo. And you know what, what's funny? Sometimes if your players are good enough, your players can overcome bad coaching. Yeah. Because they're that, that that much better. But then when you have subpar Coaches, players, players, but you better have superior players don't you? Huh? You better have superior players to overcome bad coaches. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.


Oh yeah. In a situation like that, what we saw at the Olympics, because when they got down it is like, and you heard Katie and a lot of guys say, well, we start running play, we just know we need to do, get the ball ahead, make the right play. Well we got superior athletes against what we Yeah. What the teams we were playing against. You can get away with that. But what happens when you don't? So you have inferior athletes and you have inferior coaching. You probably get what you got. Yeah. You get, you get exposed. And a lot of times that what ocho you know what, a lot of times when you see these teams, these D one teams and they play these FCS teams or they play the HBCUs and you see the score bit 77 to three and 77 7.


That's what that is. That's what that is. No matter how, no matter how down Georgia is not beating Alabama 77 7. Right. Ohio State is not beating Michigan 80 to 10. Right. But when you get that level of an imbalance with talent and coaching, right, you're gonna get scores like that. Lord dang Lord, they got Miami. Okay? They get a reprieve. They got Sanford, then they got Texas a and m, Mississippi State, UCF at Tennessee, Kentucky at home Georgia. They got Georgia and the, it used to be the world largest cocktail party.


I don't know what they call it now. They call it the office party. They might not even call it anything now. Andy at Texas. LSU at home, Ole miss at home, Florida State on the road. Well, it's gonna get ugly. Yeah. All, all them games are gonna get ugly. Except it, it, it was one, it was one, one Stanford, one Team. The Bulldogs, Stanford. Wait, hold on. Stanford or Stanford? Stanford. Okay. Okay. The Bulldogs. That that yeah. That that'll that that'd be a game to get your confidence up that that'd be a game to get, get the team morale going. Hell Sanford come coming in and, and and, and fuck around and, and and shock the world now. Like Appalachian State did Michigan that one time that year.


You, you never know. Oh, You talking about Amp State? Yeah. Brian Kelly also called out his flares last night. He said his very first word. This is the first time since I've been here that I'm angry at my team. And then he went on to say it's unacceptable for us not to have found a way to win this football game. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Later when he talked about us C'S Mil, Miller Moss, he also said he outplayed our quarterback. Garrett Nu Tiger's quarterback Garrett NUS Meyer. He was 29 or 38, 304 yards. This is Kelly's third consecutive season opening and loss.


Now remember when they got thumped last year by Florida State? Yes sir. He was upset at his team because he said we're not the team that we thought he was. Now look, I'm not gonna sit here and say I'm not the biggest Brian Kelly fan. I sometimes I, I go back and forth, but I think he might be on the tad of being overrated. I don't like how he handled the situation. He left Cincinnati right before the Bowl game to go to Notre Dame. He did the same thing to Notre Dame to go to LSU. So he's not one of my favorites. Yes sir. And sometimes, you know, well, you know, he turned the program around. Well why the hell you think they paid him all that money? That's what he's supposed to do, Dude. Right. I mean, Ocho man, if I paid you $10,000 to fix my car, man Ocho got it running.


He was supposed to, I paid his ass a arm and a leg. Yeah. Most, yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. But, but again, I think if I'm not mistaken, he says he is upset at his players if I'm not mistaken. He also took accountability. No, No, you lead with that. It's no, no, no. Ocho you lead with that. Right. You don't say after you called out your players and then say I gotta do a better job of coaching. Right. You say I gotta do a better job of coaching. Right. And you leave the other part out until you get behind closed doors. Okay. I see what you mean. I see what you mean. You Can't what you mean? Oh, I gotta do a better You don't read the team. Right. You know I'm saying it was them and they hold on. If they, if they keep doing the same thing you talked about.


Now, what is it? There's a, there's a, there's a, there's a disconnect here, Right? So the Ys are getting crossed because why aren't they understanding what you're saying? Or are you saying in a form in which they can understand? Right. That's your job as a coach. When you see them on the sidelines and they feel like they've got the game won, what are you doing? It's easy. Yeah. You right. Hey, see the the one thing about LSU, the one thing about LSU and Brian Kelly is they not in the same situation like the Florida's, they not in the same situation like the Florida states. See they got them dogs over there. Yes. So they go, they gonna hit the switch.


They got them dogs at quarterback. They got them dogs at receiver. They got them dogs at, at the de all the skill positions. And you know, with interior offensively and defensively the meat potatoes of that god damn team. Oh, they got them. So he don't really have much to worry about. I They gonna flip the switch. I don't know if you notice, but George's in the SEC Yeah. So is Alabama. So is Texas, so is Oklahoma. So is Ole Miss. Oh, he got something to worry about. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh, you got something to Worry about it. But, but the thing, all the teams you named let's exclude that. Let's exclude Georgia. Yeah. Georgia's on on some, on some other shit. But LSU is going to be able to compete, going to be able to compete with everybody you just named.


Yeah. Everybody you just named. But at, at some point in time you keep blaming your players. They gonna like Noco. Yeah, you Yeah. Yeah. And one thing and, and one thing about it, they, they not gonna fold on you. You know the NFL in the NFL. You do some shit like that. Well your, your players are fold on your uncle. Oh man. Hey, they'll, they'll talk to you. They they will, they will fold. They will fold on You now. And that's what I tell, I say wait, well what's the biggest difference? Okay, you dealing with a grown ass man. Yeah, he got a mortgage, he got a wife. A lot of 'em got wives got kids. You think you can talk to him like you can a 18 or 19-year-old because the 18 or 19-year-old is trying to get where that grown ass man is already at. Yeah. And a lot of these grown ass men make more than the coaches.


They will fight the, and you know what outta coach? Oh you can, I ain't telling what somebody told show. I'm telling you what I know. I'm Telling you, I'm telling you what I know Like that coach. Yes. I've seen players swing on coaches for being disrespectful and y'all talk about soft, that's easy for you to say, but you gotta be careful how you talk to a man. Yeah. That is a grown man and he ain't finna let you talk to him in any kind of way. All that mofo that SOB hey the way Coach Bryan and back in the seventies and eighties and the way those Lombardi and Coach Landry, coach Landry never cursed. He was very, he was very biblical but you can't talk to Okay, okay.


I was saying like that. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Who, who you think you talking to? Boy? Hey, they'll slide them chairs back quick on your ass. Very, very Punch. You daddy punch you daddy your face on the sideline. See player, I mean they get the little shoving mouth they yell. But before they had all them cameras. Right. The punch a coach dead in his face for being different. Oh, go, It go down now. Yeah. So you, it go down. So that's what the, that's the biggest difference. You gotta understand. That's why Coach Saban, it was hard for Coach Saban. Now he didn't have a quarterback for the NFL.


Yes, I done heard some stories about him with the Dolphins. It was funny. Yes, it was some fire, some funny stories. Yes. Really funny stories. You Can't, you can't talk, you can't talk to a grown man like you can a kid because they're gonna listen because they feel you can get them to where they need to be. Yeah. When that grown man is already there and you think you could say whatever you want, like you could and okay, Hey, I think it was Crowder Crowder when Nick Saban was at, was with the Dolphins. They, they, they went to practice. Right. Yeah. And if, if, if I, if I might have a story correctly, I might be a little off a little bit. And Junior Sayer, I think Junior Sayer was there at the time. Yeah. And got damn Junior Sayer came out to practice with sneakers on like real practice with sneakers on.


And Nick Saban must have told say how, you know, man, you need to go in there and you know, put your cleats on or something like that. Yeah. He and Junior Bumphead, Ronnie, Ronnie Brown was on that team also. Yeah. Junior was like, okay buddy. Okay buddy man ain't do shit man practicing his goddamn in his goddamn speaking. Yeah. I I think Shannon Yeah. Crowder told us it was something, something like that. Man, I'm talking about I was in tears laughing. Right when Nick Saban thought he won't go come in there and talk to them boys any kind of way. No sir. It, it, it's, it's, it's, it's, look players for the most part want to be coached, but there's a fine line between hard coaching and being disrespectful.


Right, Right. That's why you gotta know your players. You got to, That's why, that's why when we was on tour And, we talked to Raheem Morris And, we talked to Dko Ryans, I said, how do you dif differentiate between who you can coach hard and who you have to pacify. I call it pacifying. You gotta pat 'em on the back to get, to be able to get what you want to get out of them. Because especially now, today's game you, you got players making 20, 25, 30, 30, 40. You 55 million Think you gonna talk to them any kind of way and they making that kind of money, man. All right. Like I see. Yeah. All right. I done seen players fight. I don't seen coaches fight, coaches fight, play players, fight coaches, players fight players.


It's a different mentality in that locker room. Yeah. That's why I believe like mentally what, what what you have to do because I don't care who it is. It might be a wide receiver, it might be a D lineman. They ain't Finn let you disrespect them. No, they just not. They're just not. And sometimes, and sometimes you gotta take a L but you gonna gain a level of respect. Yeah. See I, hey like my grandmother say, boy I can't stop you from doing it, but I break you to habit. I can't stop you, but I bet you I'll break you the habit. I bet you ain't gonna want no nah, nah, I'm good. Nah man, you got just, just like I said, guys want to be coached Ocho but sometimes coaches think because you in an authoritative position or I can talk to him any kind way.


No you can't. And I understand you're the coach. You can get me fired, you can get me traded on everything. But I tell you what, if you disrespectful, I get traded, I'll get fired. But I tear your ass up on the way out the door. I bet you that


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop. And Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


It's back to Everything season on the Today Show, it Always feels so good to Get back to it, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting high Gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day needs today, back the day. Make it alright.


Bu ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But oo, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four, six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


I, I'm I, I like coaching and I told Brian, Brian, I told Brian Billy, he's like, what? Hey, I said, coach, coach, be hard. And, if you want to send a message. A lot of times Mike would send messages through me. He would get on me. Right. He knew I could take it. I didn't mind it. Right? Just don't curse me. Yeah. He cursed me one time. I had a conversation with him. He like, I'm sorry, 84 out a Ne Never Again. Never again. Yeah, we have, we had a, a great relationship. I think sometimes Ocho, what happens is, is that a coach has a perception. When Mike was first there, Mike was the quarterback's coach because went to the Raiders. Al you know, he had fallen out. He ended up coming back.


He's the quarterback coach. So when he gets there, I'm mainly a special teams player. Right? He leave and come back. Now I'm the best title in the league. That's not how he remembered me. Right? So we kind of butted heads, but what he failed to realize, what motivated me wasn't money. Yeah. I'm a praise guy. Just tell him I did a good job and that's all I need to hear from you. Right. I don't need you to tell me, oh, hey, you know, hey, you can be this. You can make a lot of money. You know, you can do. I don't need that. Just tell him I did. I did a good job. 84, we can win with that. I appreciate you get, that's all I need. Yeah. And so once I left and went to Baltimore and when I came back, he's like, you know, you wanna bring, I said, Mike, I don't need to see.


Look like I was in Denver. I know what the facilities are like. Right? I know what you are. Like, I had to have had a conversation with Mr. Bowling. Mr. Bowling had to say, look, I don't really put my foot down, but hey, you coming back. I said, Mike, you know me. You know what I'm about. Yes Sir. I'm about business. I wanna win. I prepare myself to win. I try to do a great job of getting other guys to get on board to buy in what you're sell what you're selling. Because I don't need to see the facility. All I need to know, do you want me to come back? Because if Mr. Bowling want me to come back and you don't, I'm not coming. Right. I'm not 84.


We should have never let you go. Okay, let's do this. Yeah. I had more money other places, but I thought it was only right that I'd go back and finish my career in Denver where it all started The right way. Yeah. I I would've never been happy. Even if I'd have took more money from Seattle, had the opportunity to go to the Raiders, it wouldn't have been Right. Right. Because in my heart, that's not where I wanted to go. I wanted to go finish my career in Denver, but I just needed to hear him say it Right. Once he said that I was cool, ocha, I was like, okay, yeah, let's do this. And plus my fa and I, I didn't wanna put my kids, my kids were still young and man having to get my kids to fly And travel way across Seattle. Way across your Honda From Atlanta, Seattle by themselves. Oh no. Yeah.


And then even to my mom. 'cause at that point in time, my mom had retired. So my mom would fly there. My mom would fly from Chicago because, you know, this was for, but after nine 11, that stopped. Well that stopped. But she was still, because their mom would walk 'em through the airport, you know, send 'em down, unaccompanied minor. But after that point, I would fly my mom there. They would walk 'em to the gate, then my mom would meet 'em at the gate and then they would come to Denver or my sister would do something like that. Right. But yeah. Yeah. You gotta just be careful. Hey, hey, hey. We, we was totally, we to, we totally different too. Like when I think about it, the, the coaching style that you like and you accept, like, I was completely, I was completely different. I like, I like that hard coaching and where I'm based on where I'm from and where I'm raised.


I'm kind of used to it with the cursing and the, you know, that, that get me, that get me going. Right. What, when I had you Hugh Jackson, Hey, oh boy, listen, when I had you, lemme take my glasses off so you understand how serious I am. 'cause you know, I be playing around all the time when I had Hugh Jackson in Cincinnati and I wasn't playing up the par. And he get the mother, he get the cursing. Yeah. Understanding that's, I know I can get Chad going with a motherfucker. What the fuck you doing? Goddammit. Come on now. Let's go man. Shoot. Boy, you, no, that shit just got, just got me. I, I, I don't know. I don't know how to explain it. It just got me, got me going and got me motivated because I have laughters sometimes, sometimes I play down to my competition.


And all it took was for you to, to throw, to say something to me in a, in an encouraging way, but just add a little curse word to it, you know? Right. You know, when you cooking, you know, you cook your chicken and you add your seasoning. Just, just Add a little. See, I, I, I see, I see curse words as sentence enhancers and it, it just get me going. It is, it is weird. It is weird. So I love and enjoyed that type of coaching. 'cause it made me want to not only prove myself, but to make sure I don't embarrass you based on all the coaching and goddamn film study and meetings we done did all goddamn week. Let me go out here and make sure I do my goddamn job. For me. Ocho I never played down because I knew where I was playing because Mary Porter was an air condition all of a sudden.


Yes. And the house didnt leave, sir, come on on. And I got kids. Yes, sir. And so that was my motivation. You, because I looked at everybody that I faced. Were you trying to get my grandma outta this house? You trying to get my kids outta these private schools? You trying to take food off they table? Yes sir. Sir, you trying to get Shannon to go back to Glenville with no running water and no end of Oh no, bro. Yeah. You Can't see you and you, and you thought completely different Than I did too. Oh, that's, that's the only thing Completely different. Yeah. That's the only, that was the, that was my motivation from the time I can remember me and my brother talking about it when we was sitting on those pine trees, young pine trees are called saplings, And. we built that. Many of them mofos over.


And my grandma said, boy, y'all need to stop bidding them saplings. Right. That's all we talked about. That's all I thought about. That was my motivation. And so every time I looked at somebody, oh, you trying to get gran up out that house, huh? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you trying to get my kids up out? So now you trying to feed your kids where my kids are now, if somebody, kid's not going eat mine, going eat. I don't know what you gonna do about yours. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but somebody's kid not gonna eat and it's not gonna be my mine going to eat. Yeah. I like, I like that. I like that. I like that. Hey, matter of fact, it's, it's so funny. I think about the coach, the, the different coaching styles based on, based on where you're from.


Every, everybody's different. Yeah. Anybody, anybody in the chat? I know somebody in the chat that's of age. Y'all remember, I know y'all saw the year of the bull. Unc, you never saw the documentary The year of the bull? I didn't. Miami Northwestern. Where, where? Teddy Bridgewater's coaching Now I have, I didn't see it, but I know that's where he's coaching. Okay. Oh man. Listen, man, the year of the bull is a coaching style that we all grew up, we all grew up with, and obviously the coach, he, he caught flack for, you know, for the cursing and, and the hitting the, the hitting the players and all that. Man, like, that type of coaching and that style of coaching. It probably wouldn't work today. It wouldn't work in today's game. Oh. They Gonna fire your ass, not sniff. Oh, you, you, you you get fired right away. Oh, Joe, you know they grab your face bath, they grab you.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Hitting you upside the head. Yeah. Like dog Kicking your ass. Yeah, for Sure. Yeah. Now I dog I, it, it, it just different now. It just different like, like that type of coaching and just, oh man, I I love that shit. I, I I love it. Oh, Joe, I love it. The Dolphins have not won a playoff game since acquiring Tyreek Hill in 2022. Trade with the Chiefs. Yeah. But Tyre said today he thinks this team is better positioned for success than the ones the Dolphins put on the field the past two years. Yeah. This is the best team we've had since I've been here. Great time to be alive. We're all excited. We've got a lot of weapons, a lot of Playmakers on this team. Everywhere's, everyone is on, on very edge of their seats waiting for this moment.


Ocho. Yeah. Do you believe they're better position God? Right? God damn right. Got right. His officer in a better position to not only win a playoff game, but get to the second round. Why are they're in a better position For one, one tour? I'm gonna tell you why. Lemme stay with me now. Okay? I'm with you. Stay with me Tour. We gonna get a different side of tour because for one, he's gotten paid for two. You know what you get when you have a happy quarterback that's satisfied. You know what? I have a franchise that believes in me. How do I know the franchise believes in me? Because I, I got 200 something million, five year, whatever the numbers may be.


I don't know 'em correctly, but you understand what I'm saying? I do. They believe in me. So I think you're going to get the best version of Tua. Obviously he was able to stay healthy last year. He's gonna stay healthy this year. He has what? 1, 2, 3. If this is third year in Mike McDaniel's offense or fourth, what, what year is this? Tua. Third, Third year in Mike McDaniel's offense. He's familiar with everything. His supporting cast running game. Tyreek Hill, OBJ, who probably won't come back there maybe week four or week six. You got Waddle offensively. They're juggernaut. They had that last year. They be hell to deal with. Huh? They had Moster, they had a chain.


Oh, moer a chain. Yeah, they had them. They had Tyre. Yeah, they had Waddle. But what about defense? Chu towards ACL. He's coming back off of that Philip. Yeah. Yeah. Towards the coming back off that they got rid of Xavier Howard. They got the linebacker. Yeah. Listen, there has to be an identity on every team. There's an identity. It's either the defensive side of the ball or it's the offensive side of the ball. It just so happened as opposed to the two thousands when the Dolphin's identity was their defense. Sam, Madison, Zach, Thomas, Patrick, er, it's different now. Now their Identity. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Brock Murray. Now their identity is on the offense side of the ball. Okay. So now it comes down the playing Good defense.


What if you don't mind me asking, what gonna do when, when I know you know what, that's always been an issue. No, no, No, no. You vote. Wait, wait. I, So what gonna Do, that's always been an issue for the Dolphins e even even since Dan Marino. Yeah. Even in Dan Marino. How do we play better in cold weather? But ho hold, hold on. Let's think about this. Right? There was a time, there was a game where they should have been Buffalo, where they could have had a home field advantage and they wouldn't have had to take they ass to goddamn Kansas City. If I'm not mistaken, am I right or am I wrong? Yeah, that's a game you have to win. They started out Fast. Yeah. I, I, listen, I believe them and I'm not, I'm not being biased because I'm from Miami.


I'm just, I'm very understanding on what the Dolphins and Mike McDaniel had to work with offensively. It's scary. Yes. Especially with tours. Healthy. It's scary. Now, defense, that's something they gotta do. Hey, I, we, we got, You do realize that's a part of, that's part of the team, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You Hey, what they got Brother Holland? They got brother Ramsey. Yeah. They gonna be all, they gonna be all right. Who gonna be, who be mad? The other side? Huh? Who gonna be who? Who? I don't know. Who is the other on the other side of Ramsey? I'm, I'm not sure.


I'm not sure. I'm Expecting you to know that. I'm expecting you to gimme the So do the Dolphins make the playoffs over the Jets and the bills? Hell Yeah. Come on now you know that the Dolphins gonna win the AFC East. And that's no disrespect to Aaron Rogers. That's no disrespect to Garrett Wilson. That's no disrespect to the, to Bryce Hall. No disrespect, but come on now. Yeah. What about the, what about disrespect to the, my bad about Bryce? Disrespect to the Buffalo Bills. The who? Buffalo Bills. I like Josh Allen. I like un until he shows me he can stop turning the ball over. They, they mean, come on now. Come on now. I like Josh. I like the bills period.


Hell, I like Keon Coleman. Yeah, I like Keon Coleman. Who? Kenny. He come in and do it. Oh, Kendall Fuller, Kenny. He come in and do what Stefan Diggs did for Josh Allen as a rookie, a reliable target. Oh, all the time. This is, I understand what happened in the playoff game. On the drop, on the drop beat ball. I know it happens. The game is about moments and in that moment he dropped the ball. But can he come in and be a consistent target, a reliable target for Josh Allen? Yeah. That, that's an unanswered question. Especially when it comes to the receiving corps. Is there somebody that he can rely on every time now? I think the onus is on Josh Allen.


Now more pr pressure is on Josh Allen. Because you don't have that boy to go to every time. Yeah. I mean, Keon Coleman is that dude, I'm not sure if he's, it is, it's different as a rookie. It's different. Can he come in and have that type of impact that Justin Jefferson had? Can he come in and have that type of impact that Jamar Chase had? We don't, we don't know yet. Right. We gonna find out though. Kendall Fuller, I think he was with the, wasn't he with the commanders? Wait, Kendall Fuller from the commanders. The, the commanders. Yeah. I think, and he played, didn't play with, and he played with the Texans too. I think he's on the other side of a J Ram now. Okay. Okay. Got a nice, nice little veteran, nice little veteran presence.


Lamar Jackson was asked about his relationship with other quarterbacks in the league, including Mahomes. And this was his answer. Take a listen to the sound. Yeah, I don't, I don't have a relationship with him. I don't think I have a relationship with any quarterback in the league. I don't take anything from any, anything from him. I just take my game. But he's a great quarterback. I can see that. He's a great quarterback. He has the accolades to prove it, but man, he's just, he made things, he made things happen on the field that make his team successful. See that? Oh, Joe, you like that Lamar doesn't have a relationship with any other quarterback? Yeah. That's cool. That's cool.


I mean, the relationship is, when you're on the field, it ain't like they don't be hanging out and you know, Lamar has a different type of lifestyle than other quarterbacks that's just, Hey, we ain't going out, hanging out. Yeah. Drinking beers and you know, they do their own thing. They do their own thing. And I mean, he's right. They, the relationship they do have, when I see you, it's respect for what you do on the field and for your team. Yeah. Outside of that, outside of the game of football, you know, ain't them, them boys don't hang out, man. Unless you at events, you see each other at the ESPYs. Maybe you see each other at Pro Bowl and that's the extent of the relationship. No, no, I don't, I mean, I, I think there, there, they're two different places, right. Patrick Mahomes is married about to, we about the, about to welcome a third child.


Lamar is single, if I'm not mistaken. I don't think he has any kids. A lot of times quarterbacks moved like quarterbacks when they're married. Tom Brady and Peyton were, were pretty cool. But both were married. Yeah. Had kids, Dan Marino and, and, and, and, and, and, and John. They Were cool. Yeah. They, they both were married and had kids and so it's not as, not abnormal that Lamar is in this place and Mahome is in that place and they're not, you know, I don't know. Like I said, the, the quarterbacks now they're, they're young, so I don't know who's married and who's singing and who's got kids and stuff like that. Right. But I don't think, I don't think, I think Lamar is like, he's living his life. He's doing what he's doing and I don't have a problem with that.


It's, yeah, they completely, you gotta understand Lamar and Patrick are two totally different sides of the spectrums. Two totally different sides of the spectrums. Yeah. And two different lifestyles altogether outside of the game of football. So it's, it is, I, you it wouldn't even, wouldn't even, it wouldn't even look right. Hanging together. They have nothing in common outside of playing the quarterback position. And they Black. No. Can you imagine Pat Mahomes hanging out with Kodak? No. Hell, like, it's just, man, I can't see Pat Mahomes and popping. No, chilling. I, it just, it just, nah. Oh, Lamar, Lamar, it's been reported that Lamar has a daughter. I didn't, I didn't know, like I said, I don't like for me, Ocho I, I, yes sir.


I address guys what they do on the field. You know, sometimes we might sneak a little joke in there about Tyreek, about the, about the situation that he had going on. Or like a stretch where it seemed like every other day he was welcome a new child. But for the most, I, I don't, that don't got nothing to do with me. I don't care about Ty. I'm talking about what you do on the field. Tyree trying to beat me so bad. He got you. He tried to be Nick Cannon, The Volume,


tired of wandering the aisles at Walgreens, trying to find the best deals. Well, we've got something that'll make your shopping experience a whole lot sweeter. Introducing Drop the app that rewards you with free gift cards just for doing your everyday shopping. Whether it's groceries, toiletries, or your favorite snacks With drop every purchase earns you points towards fantastic rewards. Download the Drop app now. Use Code Drop five five. When you sign up to get $5 in points,


The fall is creeping up on us. But we don't have to give in just yet because Summer Doesn't stop. And Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest Booty Haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Vitamin Water is from New York. We needed a drink that can keep up with the music scene in the city. We gotta see our favorite DJ perform in Brooklyn at 3:00 AM or sing karaoke in the village also at 3:00 AM Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs abercrombie's NFL Partnership kicked off last year. And, if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start first. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their lose jeans. It fits me just the way I wanted to make sure to hit up abercrombie's Essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@du.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.