
This is an iHeart podcast.


Lowe's knows how to help you save this July 4th, get up to 40% off select Maytag laundry appliances. Plus get an additional 10% off when you buy two or three select major appliances. And when you buy four or more, you'll save an additional 20%. Find the right appliances and features that fit your home's, unique needs and style. Shop Maytag 4th of July deals at Lowe's. Valid through seven nine. See lows.com for details. Savings vary based on purchase amount. Selection varies by location.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs, coach Deon McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The volume.


Come on ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. We got a Game seven. Game six. Wasn't really that interesting, especially if you are a Thunder fan, but Indiana came to play tonight. There was a lot of speculation of whether or not Tyree Halliburton would play. Not only did he play, he played extremely well. But again, it was the bench. TJ McConnell, Obie Toppin that got them going and they did not look back. I am your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharpe. And tonight is a two man show, no help, just the heavy lifting in me and ISO Joe, little Rock Native Universal Arkansas alum, big 3M VP iso, Joe, Joe.


We gonna do it Baby. Two hours of just ISO Joe and up. Let's get to it. All right. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. On behalf of ocho, myself, and now Joe, we want to thank each and every one of you, your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth for making Nightcap what it's become. Because without you, there can be no us. There can be no awards, there could be no sponsors and, and an advertiser. There can be none of that without you. And we want to greatly, greatly thank you and appreciate your continued support. So thank you again very much. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier.


We have it in stock. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, order it online and we'll ship it directly to your door. We're coming to a city of state near you, we're just not there yet. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Check out my media company page on all of its platforms, Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat and supplies are very limited. And once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. I want to thank the Hall of Excellence. I was in attendance last night. Tom Brady has a hall of excellence and it's in the fountain blue. And so I got an opportunity to go by there and I spoke to Tom briefly last night. Saw some I saw, who would that see, Reggie Jackson was there.


Steadman Oprah's significant other, wanted me to tell Ocho he loved Ocho and I on the show, he watches all the time. He loves Club Shehe. I said, you Think you might get your, You know, pot that will come on to see your boy on club Shehe? He, he laughed. But, but it was great. And if you're in every in Vegas and you get him opportunity to check it out, it's in the fountain blue, it's called the Hall of Excellence and it's, it is narrated by Morgan Freeman and they have a lot of things up there. And so when you hit click on the button, it'll start speaking to you and tell you the significance of what you're actually looking at. John Madden piece, they got stuff from Elway, Greg Maddox.


I mean, it, it's, it's unbelievable. You, you got to, obviously when Tom is, You know they got Tom hundredth anniversary jacket or he's one of the hundred best players in NFL history. They got Super Bowl ring, they got a lot of stuff up there. I mean, just unbelievable Coach Belichick's hoodie, one of the Lombardi trophies. So if you're ever in Vegas and you want got some spare time, go spend 10, 15 minutes in there. You you, you'll be glad you did So thank you Hall of excellence for having me over there last night. Alright, Joe, the Pacers beat the third. So we do have a Game seven on Sunday, 1 0 8 to 91. No, I mean really no one from the Thunder played really well. Thunder had five turnovers in the second quarter, I mean first quarter seven in the second quarter.


So they had 12 turnovers at at the half. OBOB topping had four, three pointers. The thunder starters had one. This is the best we've seen. Look paces are played some really good basketball this postseason Joe. Yeah, but tonight the way they swarmed, they forhe eight turnovers. Seven or 15 0 1 7 of eight, but four turnovers minus 17 in 31 minutes. Jalen Williams, who coming off that had a 40 point game the other night played sensational. He was minus 40 in the plus minus six or 13 0 4, 4 5 in only 27 minutes.


Joe TJ McConnell is the first bench player in NBA history. 60 plus points 25 plus assists, 15 plus rebounds in limb in the NBA finals. He's doing this off. And when you look at him, I, I know they said they looking at it Joe, they looking at it jokes about, man I will cook. Oh boy. Yep, yep. And the next thing You know he done told you, you look up and he's like, damn, well TJ got DV with us tonight. Joe, what did you like about what you saw from the pace? Because there was a lot of uncertainty. Is Tyrese Halliburton gonna play if he doesn't play, can he win without him? If he does play how, You know, how limited would he be? What did you like most? What impressed you most about Indiana?


Man? Is Halle Burke pulling our leg? Is he pulling our leg? Man, come on now. Yeah, he something he, hey. But anyway, I thought Indiana played great. I thought that, You know, to get off to to, to a good start. I thought OKC started the game off pretty good. I was like, okay, they, they look like they gonna put these boys away. They ain't gonna play with 'em. And man, soon as they start, soon as Indiana started subbing, TJ came in. I think his energy, his effort is so infectious to his, the other teammates that they feed off that Now is he the guy? No, he's not the guy, but that energy and effort that he plays with you can't substitute for that man. He's making plays on both ends of the court.


I thought offensively it's almost like OKC was like, okay, we gonna let tj, if he gonna be, if he gonna turn into AI and score all the points, we just gonna play him one on one and we gonna let, we gonna let him score as much as he can. But defensively he was swollen, You know, you got, you get these other guys involved and it's like, they were like two or three steps faster than OKC tonight for whatever reason, You know, after, after probably the first couple minutes, it's like Indiana took over, man, they never looked back. They killed him in every quarter on, except, You know, the fourth quarter, the last quarter where you throw away, it don't count. 'cause they were down 30 going into the fourth man. It was, it was a sight to see. I I, I hadn't seen OKC play like this a lot throughout this postseason.


And to see every guy in that started lineup with negatives plus minus negatives by they name Indiana just had more, more, it's like more resilience tonight. They knew WAC state, obviously they didn't want them boys to close 'em out on their home floor and they played like it tonight. It was a great game. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Boy Joe pretty Joe. I thought they played, I thought they played a great game. I thought they energy and effort was there defensively. They were swarming, they killed them in every category. Meaning every, whether it was re out, rebound out, assists out, assists still like blocked. Okay. C had no chance. They had no chance. Not tonight, they looked when they got down. I, I hadn't seen, like I said, I hadn't seen OKC look like that, You know, throughout this postseason, but when they got down, they looked like they didn't have what it, what it took to come back and Indiana's just kept pouring it, kept pour it.


So I I I give a lot of credit obviously to they bench who has been tremendous. Indiana's bench has been great, You know, throughout this whole postseason, you look at topping with 20 points, TJ with 12 and they just had a bunch of guys chip in man and defensively, I thought this was probably one of the best outputs that they did that that they, that they put out, You know, pretty much throughout this whole postseason you are absolutely right. It didn't start off very well. 'cause I think they missed like their first eight shots. I mean they were, they were rushing. It seemed like everybody wanted to make beat, make the, make the the run by themselves Yep. To make OKC give up. But once they got it going, boy they got it going. A couple, they couldn't stop 'em Joe. I mean they now all of a sudden they couldn't make a three now all of a sudden they couldn't miss a three.


Right. And, and once they got in Florida, I mean I was like, man, Indiana's playing extremely well, but then they allowed OKC to CLO to cut it, to close it. And I was like, damn, okay OKC finished this quarter. How strong? Because it's always, okay, how do we start and how do we finish right? Every, you always trying to close out a quarter end of the first going into half, going into the fourth, You know, the third going into the fourth. And I thought the OKC did a very good job of that, but man, when they started that second quarter, they opened up a can on him, Joe. They opened up a can on him. And you're absolutely right. Jalen Williams who came off a 40 point effort in game six, he has the lowest plus minus in finals game in the play-by-play era.


He was minus 40. Now he's gonna be looking to get that get back on, on on Sunday. I don't think Shay's gonna play as bad as he played the sha if play that bad. It was just hard. The shots that he normally would make, he didn't get tho he didn't get that bounce tonight. But I just think it was, again, you look at it, 16, 10, 17, 14, 20, 12, 6 guys in double figures. Again, You know, they normally keep five, six guys in double figures. Some, occasionally they'll sneak a seventh guy in there and get him a double figure. Miles Turner didn't play his, You know, only one field goal tonight. One of nine from the floor or three from the three, one of two from the free throw line.


But You know, man AKA was good knee Smith was good. Nim hard Tyrese, Halliburton was sensational Oie to was sensational. TJ McConnell, I mean, what do you, what do you say about him? My be I, I mean he's the Energizer bunny and I thought in the second quarter what they did is they played him and Halliburton together. Yeah. I thought I and Halliburton didn't really have a problem with him having a ball. He didn't, I I just, Halle looked like he was a, a step faster today than he was in game five. Yeah. And for me all, damn they man, they put up a performance against OKC today. You look at, you look at Caruso, he had many points as me and you had tonight.


Yeah, yeah. He got some cardio in. Yeah, they can't, they, they can't win without they bench contributing unless Shaa and, and, and Williams go off go, You know, but man, it's just, look, look at check Homewood like, it's just, I, I don't know man. They seemed a little disinterested once they got down. They just could not get back in the game. Once Indiana went on that one, on that big run and kind of separated themselves, you you, I thought that OKC had a run 'em, especially in their second half. But Indiana was, they were, they were flaming man. They they was going, they were going. You couldn't, you couldn't slow 'em down. I'm talking like everybody on their team was scoring defensively were in tune and they just seemed like a wello engine knight who could not be stopped.


And that's uncharacteristic of OKC, especially defensively. Yeah. It, it really was SGA eight turnovers to assist tie for the most turnovers in a Game six in finals history. You know, like I said, he did, he didn't, he didn't get, couldn't get his offensive game going and he couldn't get anybody. Well I don't know if he couldn't, no one could make shots. Eight turnovers. Like I said, they had 12 at the half. They did a great job when he turned his back. CJ McConnell was looking to pick his pockets. They they gave him a lot of different looks tonight. They did a great job but they never had to do a great job or else they were going home. And look, no one wants to lose. It's not easier losing or you losses of loss. But I you, I damn sure don't want you celebrating on my court.


Absolutely. I don't want you celebrating. You know, all, all my fans done gone home. Everybody disappointed. And the handful of fans that y'all got in there, they said yeah and y'all dapping 'em up, y'all drinking champagne. Ah nah hell nah. Hey look, I think, I think Indiana really fed off the crowd, especially a lot of them old veteran guys who've been around played for the Yeah, Reggie Miller was there, Ron Artes. Yeah. Coming back showing them guys love. And You know, that's a, that's a extra incentive. Meaning, You know, you don't wanna lose on your own court like that and have 'em guys celebrating. And I thought they played like it Unc I mean from obviously after the first, what, three, four minutes they settled in, they started making shots and it was a wrap. Hal Bird didn't even look like he had an injury tonight the way he was moved. They did not.


He did not. He, but I thought he did a better job of getting to his spot. He's a right-handed, I'm watching the thing today and they tracking where he shoots the ball from. Yeah. Prior to the night he had only made like one or two shots from in the playoffs and on the left side. So he must have seen all this stuff is to the right. Yeah, he must have seen it too. 'cause he started making some shots. Hey, he back some shots over on that left side man. He did, he did. Hey, hey, it is game seven. I, I don't know. I don't know. I know, I know. I, Hey, I I I'm gonna be honest, I would not be shocked if the Pacers, 'cause I believe he, and we talked about this Joe in game six, I believe Rick Carlisle should have went with a, a, a TJ McConnell.


Once he, once Tyrese, Halliburton was gimpy. I think he should have rode, I think he should have rode TJ McConnell a little more, a little longer. He went back and I get it, it's a veteran guy, You know, he, he's the head of your team. But that night he didn't have it and TJ was playing extremely well. But you're right. I think that two day rest gave him an opportunity to get a lot of treatment. Get, get that thing massaged out. He kept it warm and now guess what? They got it. They what? They got two, they got 24 48. They got about 60 plus hours before they play again. So he gets treatment all the way. The what Do you think they'll leave tonight or they'll leave tomorrow? Since they don't play until Sunday. They probably gonna leave.


They probably gonna leave Saturday. You don't think they'll leave Saturday? You think they'll lead Saturday? They'll have a shoot around in Indy and then go, bro. So man, this is it. I mean LAVI Don't know what else you gotta tell you team. This, this is it, this is the last game of the season. Last game of the season. So I feel like Rick Carlis done an awesome job this postseason with these guys and I think these guys are gonna be out for this challenge knowing that, You know, they hadn't played terribly in OKC on they, they, they, they haven't they been in games they been in? Well they won. Remember they, they ended up winning game one. Yeah, they won game one.


So they feel, they, they feel if you win one time there, Joe, You know, you feel you can win again. Amen. You just gotta be better than them this last game. And it's going to be, I I think this is gonna be, this is gonna be one one to remember. 'cause You know OKC obviously we didn't talked about them being a dynasty. They understand what's at stake. You got guys who didn't play well tonight who obviously gonna be looking to have a bounce back game in a major way. I I can't, I I can't believe they, they had a performance like this from OKCI ain't gonna lie. Yeah, they seemed a little a task lower tonight. Maybe the Pacers played with a little bit more pep in their step, but they did seem to have a little bit more bounce and once the, the lid was taken off the basket, I I thought the Pacers started to put it in at a high clip and now you get one shot you miss, they go down on the other end to make, and I say it like again, they closed out the first quarter good, but ended started that first.


That second quarter it was on fire and they didn't look back. And then the end of the third you have Shepherd hit that shot and it's up 30. Yeah. And you see Dau, he raised the white flags, said okay, we'll see you in OKC for game seven. Look just, just from the hustle points alone for me. You know, they, they kind of determines, You know, who wanted more and Yep. I mean they just beat him in every facet of the game man. And that's uncharacteristic of a Oklahoma City thunder team who has been, You know, tremendous throughout this whole, not just this regular season but the postseason. So to see them get beat like this, Damn, It's tough. It is. It really is.


Joe the bus family and it's been in their family, the Lakers, it's been in their family since what, 1979. When Dr. Jerry Buss purchased the team from Jack Kent Cook who was the owner of the Washington football team. They were not the football team then the commanders, but we know who they were but, and he purchased that from them. So Mark Walter who also owns the Dodgers, he owns a soccer premier team. Is it Chelsea? What is it? Doesn't he own? I think he owns a soccer. But anyway he had a lot of money and he purchased a majority ownership for a valuation of approximately $10 billion. Hmm. The largest sale of a professional sports franchise in the world.


Jeanie will still act as the governor per Ramona Shelburne Jeanie role as governor of the Lakers is in writing. Unlike Mark Cuban who has a verbal, hey I'm gonna stay on Herdz is in writing. Shelburne believes Mark Walter values Jeanie Bus's ability to connect with the Lakers fan base brand and leadership skill. Walter similarly kept much of the Dodgers leadership in place when acquiring to observe the, which employees he would build around. So he owns the Dodgers and we know since he's owned the Dodgers, they won a couple of world series of the Lakers. You know, Lakers were a little hesitant to spend 'cause they ain't have a whole lot of money now. They got major, they got major brand.


This should scare a lot of people. 'cause first of all, this is Lakers. Yeah. There's no bigger band in basketball than the Lakers. And now they got an owner that has deep, deep pockets. D he gonna be willing to go the luxury tax even the second April. Me I dig in my pocket, I ain't got no but some line in there. That's all I got for you. And You know what Joe, I was thinking about it. I was like damn, I was trying to think like who I was like I don't think the bus family ever would ever sell the Lakers 10 billion man. Yeah. That man wasn't playing ion that money. Yeah, because see, You know, you coming to the table like, wow, what about 7 billion?


See when you come to the table and you spend and you basically spend 3.9 billion more than any franchise 'cause the Celtics just sold for 6.1. So you say, You know what, I'll give you 3.9 more billion than what that team sold for. And that team sold for a, after they won a finals, a championship. Hey look, he, he know it's gonna be worth it. Well having Bron and Luca there, You know, you got two major, major superstars and people are gonna be willing to pay the price, the, the, the ticket price to come check to check the Lakers out. So I feel like he, he feel like he got in on a, on a, on a good deal, huh? Yeah. You know, a he he's been successful, You know, in professional sports.


So to, to add the Lakers to it, man, that's Yeah, he add the, to your portfolio, it's, you gotta feel pretty good about that. Yeah. I ain't, Hey look it, you ain't gonna get much bigger than that. Yeah, I thought so. Ooh, that's a lot of, he owns, he owns, so he owns the Lakers now the Dodgers, Chelsea, he owns our F1 racing team. La Sparks And The Professional Women's Hockey League and he is the CEO of G Guggenheim.


Right. Woo. Yeah. Lord have mercy. Yeah, he finna, he he finna put 'em, he finna put 'em in a different stratosphere man. He, You know, when you got owners like that who willing to spend, You know, ain't no limit to what they willing to do to, to, yeah, yeah man. To make their team successful. Wow. And like you said, he does have Luca, he has two superstars on the team. So even when Lu, when LeBron retires a year or two or whatever that is, he still has Luca who's a superstar. Yeah.


The Lakers have always had a superstar. And I'm sure they, they've all, they've, they've all, they've, if you go back and study the Lakers since they moved to LA they had ba, Baylor and West and then they got Kareem and then they got magic and then they got, You know, they had a once, You know, magic retired, You know, well he's, You know, had the HIV diagnosis. He stepped away, they ended up getting shot and then, You know, Kobe, Kobe was there. And so without, for about a year or two they was without a superstar. And then LeBron comes, and now when LeBron, You know, transitions away to a, a normal civilian life, you still got Luca. So for the better part, since they been in, I mean since they've been in la especially since the the sixties, they've had a superstar.


And that's what, if you're in la, look LA is about superstar. It is really that simple. You go back and look at the Dodgers, whether it was Colfax or all the people, the g the guys that they've had. You, you, you, that's what you need. So think about this, You know, they gonna bring, they gotta bring them, them guys some help. They, they gotta bring some help in the la meaning, You know, we talked about them always needing a big, You know, especially throughout this postseason. So I I I, I expect this this off season for the NBA to be one to remember. And I can see the Lakers making a big push for, for, for a big trade or something. They, they gotta do something to get to, to get somebody in there to help them guys. Man.


Especially if you want to be, if you want to be in contentions when it comes down to the playoffs next year because the, the west is too deep. The west is too deep. Yeah. To try to put that weight in that load on strictly LeBron and Luca, they gonna need some help. They need a big, they really need a big bag I'm talking about. And I ain't just talking about somebody just big, just big. Right. I'm talking about somebody big that you can count on saying, okay, every game game I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get 10 to 14 from that person I'm gonna get somewhere seven to 10 rebounds from that person. You know, just having somebody that's because they seven foot tall in one game, they give you 10 the next game they give you cardio that ain't gonna cut it. That's really not, you need, shoot, you need a couple of shooters and you need a big, you need some consistency.


Hey look, that's a lot of rumors floating around about, about a lot of guys, man. And, and I, I'm looking forward to this, to this free agency, to the draft. Obviously I think things will probably transpire before the draft, some of these trades. And I'm looking for the Lakers to make a big splash. The, the draft is the 25th, the draft is next Wednesday, isn't it? Yeah, well the speaking of trade, the Lakers and Jazz have reportedly discussed a trade centered around Ru Mura and John Collins for Anthony Irwin. Many within the Lakers organization. Believe Collins would be especially great fit alongside Luca. He can jump out the gym since their seasons ended. They have had few conversations with Utah to try to land a 27-year-old big, big man with Roy Homo often the centerpieces of the deal.


Yeah, I I like John Collins, he plays in Atlanta for a little while. Yep. I think he, he'll be a great addition for those guys 'cause he yeah, defensively, You know, he can, he can score it a little bit defensively. He's solid and he'll be a guy who can definitely take some pressure off those guys and You know, from night to night, any given night, You know, he can have big nights, You know what I mean? Yep. He can, he can give you 25 points, 12 rebounds on any given night. And I think to have guys like that, You know, you, you, you gonna need that throughout the, throughout the regular season. And if you make it to the postseason to, to be elite, to be able to compete in that Western conference, man you, you gonna need, yeah you need John Collins, you still may need a little more help though.


Oh for sure. Yeah, for sure. But all things being equal, I probably would have rather have Kessler, I'd rather have a big kid that can dominate the pain. 'cause he's a, he's a great rim protector. Yeah. He can block shots, he can be a lob threat if needed. But I that's, that's, look John Collins is a lob threat he can make, You know, he, like you said, he probably give you 15 to 17 a night. But they really need a big, they need somebody O Joe, that can, that can block shot, that can protect the paint because when they go, when they go big and they have Ruy and LeBron play in the four and the five and the five and the four, however you wanna look at 'em, that's not enough. That ain't gonna win that, that's not gonna win your championship with LeBron and Ruy. Homo playing four or five or five and four.


It ain't, but the thing is it ain't many, it ain't many big guys out here. Like they ain't, they should have got that guy from Carolina, from Charlotte. What's you think they can still get him? He Fred was it Mark Williams? Yeah, he Fred look what he look, look what he, he average like 16 and 10 for them. Yeah I know but he on, man they get a get, they get a big average 16 and 10. Oh they go, they going to the Western conference finals. But he was on a bad team on, You know he, can he do that with the la Yeah. You think he can? And and the expect expectation are gonna be different Joe. It's gonna be a lot different. It's a lot different. See playing down there, playing down there in Charlotte with no, with no eye.


Ain't nobody watching. Ain't nobody watching man. It's a little different. You can come out, You know play loosey goosey have fun. You get to LA every game, you gonna feel like you in the finals almost. Well what about Deandre Aton? I like it. I like Deandre Aen. He a free agent. No, but he probably could be half. Oh he's up. So what'd he have for three plus three plus an option? It's a team option or player option. Damn it's been that long since they won your finals. Hey, Utah ain't trying to get off marketing over there Lar. Oh nah.


Hell nah. You should try to build around him man. Oh well he, he's good. Aton is good 'cause he has an expiring contract. He only has this one this last year coming up. So he's a prime candidate. You know they NBA they love getting them guys on the last, the last year of a deal Joe. 'cause you going, hey, 'cause You know what? You're gonna get outta him. You gonna get the best, you gonna get the best outta him. He playing on, but he trying to get, he tried to, he tried to get that moer, he tried to get that thriller. You already know. Hey, no way they giving out nowadays. Boy you being fool not to be out there and give him your best. Oh yeah, yeah. Give give him 20 and 10. That's, that's 40 million. That's five years. That's for a four year, five year 200 million.


I like Aiden. I I Think you can even play through him a little bit, You know, from Oh yeah, but I, I don't know if that's gonna happen. I know it's wishful thinking for you. You know, you'll, you'll think yeah, yo Swaggy P had a hot take this morning. Tim Duncan Spurs was not a dynasty team man. I ran into him a few times. What was that 2002 I was playing with Stefan Marberry, he was the point guard. We were, we were ac playing against the Spurs who was a one seed and I think that was Aari rookie year we played him and we won Game one Uncle San Antonio.


But after that it was a wrap, then you went the weather that it was a wrap. Then a couple years later we get Steve Nash obviously we the best team in the league and they beat us again. Like they have been in the way like the Santo. What you mean they ain't been a dynasty? I but Kevin, I wanna know his definition. I mean you figure, you look at all the championships they won, they won in, they won in 99. Yeah, that's, they won in what? Oh three. They won in probably what five? They won in seven. He ain't said they was he ain't swaggers. I, so I wanna know what his definition is bro. You can be a dynasty. Look, I I think the thing is the, the what happened unless you won a threepeat like the Laker like a a Shaq and Kobe or Jordan, you're not a dynasty.


That's bull drive. Yeah, they, they, nah, I don't bro, they won four champ. They they won four championships in at least a 10 year span. Yeah. What is that? I i I would definitely call it a dyna. How many teams, how many teams other than the Celtics, the sixties Celtics can say they won four championships in a 10 year span. Basically you're looking at the Celtics and you're looking at the, the Bulls. Right. The bulls won six in a, in a eight year span. But I've tried to figure out, so who else, who else can say that? Nobody. So I guess, You know, I guess you're gonna say what you call what the dynasty, the the Warriors. Warriors. Not a, I mean by his talking the Warriors are not a dynasty he played on and just because you don't win title I guess you, you could say well they didn't because the Spurs, they never did win the title back to back before in 10 years.


So it might have been more than shorter than that. 99 0 3, 0 5, oh no, they know that that'll be five. I'm saying, but it wasn't four like a a eight, like a eight year span. So 99 0 3 0 5 and then they want what? Another seven and seven? You know what it is? Yeah. What, You know what it is bro, they want Yeah bro, come on bro. They won, they won four in eight years because I, from Swaggy probably thinking like, You know, they wasn't exciting to watch, You know. No they're not. They're broccoli exciting to watch but it ain't good to you but it's good for you. They got it done man. They got it done. I don't care how you cut it. I, I consider that, I definitely consider him a dynasty.


Yeah, for sure. Oh yeah, yeah. Look, you look at what they had, they got Tim Duncan who's, you can make a case that he a top 10 player of all time with his accomplishments both offensively and defensively. You look at Tony Parker and, and look how they did it with the exception of Dunking. Did you actually think when they got Tony Parker and they got Manu Gen Noble, do you think at one point, at what point in time did you say, You know what Manu Gen Noble, he gonna be a Hall of Fame player. Tony Parker's gonna mess around and be a finals MVP. They wasn't, they wasn't, I mean I don't understand that Parker was a first round pick but he wasn't highly acclaimed. Nah, he wasn't no lottery pick.


He wasn't you think was Tony Parker like 1920 something that, that was my draft. Oh that was oh one we came in together. What, what pick was Parker Parker's like number 22 or something like that? Yeah, yeah. 28. 28. Yeah that's last. That's almost last in the first round. Yeah and gin was the second round pick because it's the system. It's the system they have that pop has created the plug and play. You know it is having that discipline, understanding your role gotta play, gotta play a gotta play a certain way. Yeah. Understanding your role and we ain't having no foolishness around here. You hear me? There ain't gonna be no foolishness. Hey we gonna be led by, by Tim Duncan who has been awesome since he, since he's came into the NBA playing next to David Robinson.


Yeah man. He as plug and play baby plug and play. They had the luxury when Tim came, Tim was a grownup. Yeah. He spent four years in college so he wasn't 18, he wasn't 19, he wasn't 20, he was a full grown man and you don't get that today. And he conducted himself as a full grown man and You know, coach Popovich and Coach Belichick, they get along they a lot alike because Timmy allowed Coach pop to coach him hard. Yeah. Tom allowed Coach Belichick to coach him hard. So if your best player is getting coached hard, how you Think you gonna get coached?


Right. How can you complain when they don't complain You can. Timmy never complained. And the thing, and and that's, that's kinda what end up breaking the spurs up because everybody up until Kauai allowed coach pop to coach him a certain way. I agree. Kauai was very unique and Kauai was different and sometimes the best job as sometimes as a coach you have to understand who you could ride and who you have to pat on the back 'cause you can't put your foot in everybody's butt because some guys are buck. Right. Hey look uncle, you gotta think about this too. Before they got Tim Duncan, they were one of the top teams in the NBA then I think they had an injury.


I don't know if David Robinson got injured. That's how they ended up getting, that's how they ended up getting, that's how they ended up getting Tim Duncan. They had them Twin Towers and it's like they were cheating but yeah, you yeah, I thought Tim Duncan came into the NBA and he was very mature, You know, for a rookie and yeah you don't necessarily see that. Meaning you could play through him. He was so dominated at that Power four position. It wasn't many guys who could stop him. No, he he understood the system. He played within the system and they dominated. They dominated. I think that was what the lockout year when he came in. Yep. Yeah. Yep. So you look at he got, he got David Robinson, Tim Duncan, I mean yeah. To David Robinson, Tim Duncan and I think Sean Elliot Yeah. Was on that team.


Yeah. Yeah. They had, they had some great veterans. Avery Johnson. So You know, I mean look, you got two top, you got two top 75 players with David Robinson and Tim Duggan. Even though Timmy was a rookie Right. But he was mature. I think the last senior to be number one overall was Kenon Martin, which was the next year. Yeah. Yeah. So now guys are coming out of freshmen and at one point in time the guy, You know, LeBron and Dwight Howard didn't even go to college and they were number one overall. So you gotta go back 25, 26 years the last time you had a senior be selected. Number one overall because people look at senior, oh Joe now with the money being, they're like bro, if you that good, why you still in college that ain't love.


Even if you a junior bro, you that, I mean hold on you that good. What you still doing here? Hey. 'cause when I was in college that was the thing. It was like, man, you stay more than two years, they gonna think something wrong with you. And You know, I got that from the, from the late great Wallace Prather who coached the Atlanta Celtics out here in Atlanta when I was a junior, when I was a junior in high school, I came out here and played with the Celtics. And that's, that's one thing he was telling man, you stay longer than two years, they gonna think something wrong with you. Yeah. Nowadays you ain't getting no, it ain't gonna be no number one pick. There's no senior no more. No ain't gonna see that no more. No. And they talking about even with the NIL, they like cool flag should stay another year.


For what? Flag ain't stand no more. His whole, his the whole objective is get to the n the the NBA or the NFL. Okay. If I can collect five, six, $8 million and get and get there in the same amount of time. No, all they did was speed up the process. Yeah. My ability and the ability to enter into the draft now it's different than the NFL 'cause you can't go before your junior year. But other than that I'm not waiting around. I'm trying to get to the bag as soon as I possibly can. Yeah. 'cause the, the, the sooner he get in there and play and them he get, get them two, three years up, they gonna, now they gonna goop him down. Exactly.


Joe, there's been some drama recently. Re surrounding future pick Ace Bailey Bailey reporter canceled his pre-draft workout with the Sixers. The Sixers have not ruled out selecting Bailey with the number three overall pick in the 2025 draft team. Phil Bailey has received poor advice during the pre-draft process after agent demanded payment for interviews. Ace Bailey reported has Omar Cooper, the father of Sharif Cooper representing him as an agent. Bailey remains the only US best based prospect yet to visit any teams. Joe, if you could offer, you went through this process, you played 15 plus years, what's some advice you would give Ace Bailey?


If you could talk, get his ear for me man. I would tell him at, at at least here some of these teams are, You know, maybe, maybe maybe the, the, the first few teams that's picking, maybe he don't even want to be drafted by him. You know what I mean? Right. But I've gotten a chance to see Ace Bailey play in high school and in college. He is going to be an elite pro and maybe he knows and understands that he probably knows and understand his work. But there's a process that we all have to go through when we, when we are trying to enter the NBA draft. And I I I'm not sure what, You know, his, his agent is telling him or what they're thinking, but if I'm Philly man, it's gonna be hard to pass him up.


Yeah, yeah man, that man because Philly's at three, that man got a whole lot of game man. And I, and I could see him fitting in seamlessly with, You know, Tyree, Tyree, Halliburton. Yeah. You hope you get Hall, hope you get Ty pg and be back healthy. Tyree Maxey and mb Tyrese Maxey, not Halliburton, I'll say Halliburton, Maxey MB and even Paul George I think. Yeah. You know they, they gotta, they gotta, and they got some great young pieces over there too already. But he can flat out score that ball. Man. He can flat out. Yeah. McCain, I think McCain got hurt. Yeah. McCain, he got hurt. So I thought Philly dealt with a lot of injuries but add him to that man that that's, that's a good look.


He, he can play y well I understand 'cause the Mavericks ain't working anybody out but Cooper flag. So you weren't gonna work out for them anyway right now at two San Antonio at three Philly. Because you look San Antonio got a lot of guards already. You know they got, they got a castle. Yeah, they got vassal, they got, what's the other Saan, dein Fox. The likelihood of him going because how, how tall is, is he a guard? He he's two. Nah, he, he more, yeah he can play. He gonna play the two. He, he about six eight. About 6 8, 6. Oh so, okay. He, he, he, he do a little bit of everything. He 16 Joe. He, I, I ain't, I didn't stand next to him but from what I seen, the man jumped ball, he played the point, he did everything he can rebound outside of his area.


Like, and not only that, like he has a pro game already. The way he plays. If you go look at when he played at Rutgers, like yeah look at the shots that he took. Like that man is a hell of a shot maker. You know what I mean? So Yeah, in the pros that's what you looking for. You looking for guys who can make tough shots. He's gonna be a great pro man regardless of where he go. But if Philly pass up on him at the, at the three spot, they they gonna probably regret that. Yeah he tried, he tried to pull a Charles Barkman, Charles Barker said they wanted him at like two 80. Charles said man Philly, go check take me and they ain't got no money talking about paying me 50,000. He said man I ain't leave Auburn for 50,000. He said man I went to Sizzler had me like three people had two baked potatoes, all that brand I waited at 2 99.


They like, we still gonna draft your fat ass. He so look, I wonder is it that he don't want to go to Philly? Right. May but I'm surprised consider that Rutgers is is, I mean Jersey right there. I mean you right down the road but he probably won't, he probably want that instant, that instant You know productivity when he come into the NBA, You know if he go to Philly, You know it's still a pecking order, You know. Oh he is Jordan Bead. Yeah. I don't care how good he plays, it's still gonna be a pecking order. Well hell, he ain't worked out for nobody Joe. I know. So I, I don't know. I I gimme, gimme the top five. Gimme the top five spot. I know Maverick's got one.


San Antonio got two, Philly got three. Who got four and five? I think Hornets got the fourth pick. Charlotte has four U Utah has, he ain't really trying to go to none of them now. He ain't he to be honest Joe, he ain't really try to go to none of them. I ain't even hold Joe on that one. Hey look, but I I, if I'm him Charlotte might not be a bad spot, meaning it is in Charlotte. It's gonna be bad. But look, they gotta get some players, they need more players around La Melo. You already got Miller over there and you Brandon Miller and you add Ace Bailey with that man. That's what he afraid of. He said I don't want to get added to that. I wanna get subtracted from that. Right. If you try to do addition I'll trying to do subtraction.


Well he gonna be able to put up them numbers that he probably, You know, thinking about putting up you over there with the Hornets, you better put up some numbers. Your numbers will be better over there than they gonna be in Philly. A a if if a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears it doesn't make a sound. You scoring 30 in Charlotte. Don't know. Look at Melo. Melo average 25, 26 in Charlotte. Ain't nobody paying no attention to it. That's 'cause they gotta win man. You got in them, in them markets you gotta win. In order to be to to to get some notoriety you gotta win. Oh okay. Yeah, yeah. Ace Bailey wanted to promise for the sixes before agreeing to meet with them per Jason Dumas a promise of what he promised. What he said that if he, if he goes and visit and talks to him, he wanted to promise I, I promise him say Yeah bro you don't question, we gonna draft you.


And they like, oh no we not gonna draft him. Oh, so they wanted a promise. He he he he wanted promise. Yeah he probably feel like he number one peak worthy but obviously You know you ain't getting that. They going to Maverick's gonna take Cooper Ma Mavery taking Cooper Cooper flag and maybe in any other draft that might've been a a possibility. But after Cooper Flag did what he did on the US select team and then the type of season that he had at Duke wasn't nobody going in front of that kid. Man, lemme tell you something man, dude, this dude gonna be a hell of a pro man. I'm not saying that he not, but he ain't gonna go in front of Cooper flag. Oh he ain't going in front of Cooper flag. I understand that. But where he do go, I think it does make a difference. Now I know I said You know Philly, Philly shouldn't pass up on him but if the way him and his Asian are are probably thinking at this point like man we want to get you into a situation to where where you can play right away.


So maybe, maybe they, maybe they turn Philly down because they do wanna go to Charlotte or elsewhere. I don't know. Somebody might shoot up the board but if I'm Charlotte, I ain't passing him. Right. You can't because you got, you got Dylan Harper. I don't think Dylan Harper Gordon to San Antonio. 'cause they got a boatload of guards to begin with. Oh you, the last thing, the last thing Dylan Harper need is a is is a, is a is to be in San Antonio with Fox, with Stefan Castle with Soan. Who do you think they gonna take with that number two? That number two pick Then you think they gonna, you gonna think they gonna take Dylan Harper? Yeah I do. I think they going Really? Yeah, nah, I trade Hey San hey a Phoenix I traded, gimme Kevin Durant.


And that's what I think going to happen. That's, that's, that's, that's not, You know, I think, I think at the end, at at, at the end of, I think Duran is gonna probably end up going to the Spurs and that's probably gonna send Dylan Harper probably to Phoenix. Phoenix because I think the thing is look, I would love to see KD in Houston with, with Mond Thompson and she goon, ooh you bring, you bring Van Fleet back. So because I think the thing that hurt Houston in Layton games, they ain't got nobody can give it to see with kd you got somebody that you can give it to Layton Games. Sh Goon is a a all NB select. I mean he went to the All Star game this year. Ahmond Thompson, it's Abe, he's rising.


He coming. Yeah. Plays tremendous defense can go get buckets. I love him. You got a four floor general and Van Fleet that's won a championship knows what it takes to win. I like that. They got great pieces. I mean they were the number two cd. Yep. They were the number two. And the thing else, I'd be willing to give you one. I'll give you Jabari Smith Jr. I'll give you Jalen Green but you can't have both of them for kd. Yeah, I'll give you, I'll give you one of them in a and I in a, in a fir in our first round pitch Phoenix going on both of them. Nah, no, can't do they, they've already come down on the asking price because the thing is is that you looking at a situation where they're like, well man, Desmond, Bain went for X amount of pitch but Desmond Bain, no he's not the player that Kevin Durant is, but he's probably seven to 10 years younger than Kevin Durant and doesn't have the history of being injured like Kevin Durant.


And, and Orlando was the indeed of some shooting yet and, and some defense on the perimeter. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They they, they need it. So it's probably he they they probably more likely over, over, You know, overcompensated for 'em. But they, and they had a boat be they Joe, they're only a handful of teams that had a boatload of picks that could throw at 'em. Right. San Antonio got a boatload of picks. Orlando had a boat load of picks. Brooklyn got a o boatload of picks. So they got OKC so you got ten first round picks. So who killed the heck if you give up four of them and we are looking at with Paolo, Quero, Franz, Wagner, Desmond, Bain, Jalen Suggs, we gonna be winning.


And so that ain't gonna be no lottery picks anyway. So that's why we left them unprotected because you gonna be pick in the twenties. Right. We don't need to protect nothing. 20. Right. And I feel like Orlando feel like they time can be now it can be rot, You know, because looking at the east, it's, it's wide. J t's hurt. Yeah. He gonna be gone for at least a year. Man. Durant going, he going to San Antonio. Yeah, he going to San because you Right. They not going, they not going. I I can't really see a rookie helping San Antonio get to where they trying to get to at this point. No. 'cause they got so many, they got enough young player. Hell, WEBY only the third. Really.


Weby will really be a second year because he got, he ended up, he played less than half the year. So now he's coming back. You got Castle who was a rookie last year. Yeah. You got some veteran guys. You got D and Foxy, you got Shaanan and you got Vassel, Kel and Johnson. You got some guys. But do you really think a rookie is gonna come look, I mean in order to like have said, think about the rookies that's helped won a championship. You got Magic Johnson, you got Tim Duncan and that's, look, but that's, that's, that's kinda why I'm, I'm, I'm like when you look at Dallas, them taking Cooper flag, you think Cooper Flag gonna be able to get them back to the finals?


He, he too good to fight. He too good to be. He, his projection says he's too good to pass up. I dunno man. It's it is, it is going be, it's gonna be an interesting next this, this next week is gonna be pretty interesting. I think we're gonna see a lot of guys moving around and obviously Durant is probably gonna be one of the first guys You know, to to, to join a new team and whatever team he joins, we know they, they gonna be favorite. They gonna be one of the favorites anyway. For sure. What does for start? 'cause you could have, I think they got a tampering period in July.


I think it start what? July 5th. July 7th On June 30th. Wow. Yeah, so hell 11 days. Yeah. So it's gonna be so smooth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Finn's gotta get some draft capital back. But they really want a good, they want a good, they want at least one to two players that can come in and play right now. Hey, if you, if you send 'em to Houston, you get green and Jabbar Smith Jr. You, I don't think they'll give up both of 'em though, Joe. You don't think so? Man, they, I think they'll give up one.


They weren't really playing Jabari like that though, huh? No, no, they weren't really playing him like that. And I feel like if you send him to Phoenix, that'll put him in a spot to where he can flourish Ray and succeed. Yeah. And, and reach his his what about Jalen Green to Phoenix? Because him and him and book is the same type of a guy. I mean, I mean Phoenix need the point guard. They need to get book off the ball, let book go back to his tool, let book do what book does Chris Paul was the, I don't know why they got rid of, think about this though. If Phoenix do get Jalen Green and you got Bradley bill already there. What, what we doing? Yeah, true. So Jabari Smith will be the one that won. Yeah. So I don't know man inside of Jake Fisher believe Durant is going to Miami.


Joe, what can, I'm, I'm just trying to figure out what can Miami offer that the son that, that, what can they offer the son. Well, I mean, you got two players and you don't want give up either one of them. You don't want to give up ba you don't wanna give up Tyler Hero. Well, if you ask them, price done went down. Do you got some picks? Let me think of a couple players you can throw. I don't even, they ain't got no picks. I, I know Duncan Robinson, Highsmith, Hebe, Hawkey, Hovi. That's why I can't see 'em going to Miami 'cause they ain't really got nothing. They gonna give up. They ain't got nothing. Hey guys, you gonna try to keep them so you can pair 'em with kd? I don't, I don't see him going to Miami.


Do you think, let's just say for the sake of argument for this discussion, he goes to Miami. Are Miami automatically contended with him? Bam and Tyler Hero? Yeah. In the east. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. Oh, they got, they got, they got my young boy over there. KALW. He, he, he got value, he got some value in him. 6 11 7 foot. You know, he played great this year for, for the Miami Heat. Okay. But yeah, if he, if if the rank go to Miami, yeah, they, they gonna be one of the favorites for sure. I think the thing is, what happened was Matt ish, my mom went to, when I went to the WNB All Star game, had an opportunity to have a, some good conversation with him.


I think the thing is, is like when you come in, I'm gonna win. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ooh, I'm gonna win. I'm gonna win. And he made some moves that and you, like, you go back and look at it like if you got Katie, do you really need Bradley bill? Right. Right. You probably need to go get somebody, maybe go get a big or get somebody that can defend because you got a bunch of guys that can score and, and to defend on a nightly basis. You gotta have, you gotta be able to defend. Look at the two teams that's in the final. They got wings that can defend. Yeah, you got niece Smith, you got them hard, you got see Alka could defend you got, you got guys that could defend and obviously we know what you got OKC with those wing guys. So you got all this offense and you don't got They could because the thing was with Phoenix, they couldn't stop anybody.


Right? Yeah. They, they, they could score. But if it's a nip tuck ball game now guess what? They're getting? Their possessions are a lot easier than yours. Yeah. I I I thought it was a, a pretty good risk. I think the guys that you put around those three, meaning Devin, Booker, bill and Durant, I think that's the key. You need guys surrounding those guys who are like blue collar, hardworking guys and kind of let them guys just kind of, You know, obviously play, but You know, score. But you need guys who understand their role man. And they just ain't had, I don't feel like they had the right pieces around me, Joe. I spent all the money on the house.


So the furniture gonna be ish. I, and look, I'm over budget as it is, Joe. I'm over budget as it is. Look, you, I'm telling, I'm the guy Joe. I got a house. My agent, my, my, my financial people say, okay Shannon, I want the house in Atlanta. Came to Freak Nick in 92, in 93 called my agent before I left. I said, man, I moved to, I thought you wanted the house about, I said, man, didn't I tell you I want a house? I somebody find me a house in Atlanta. So they say, oh, at the time I think I was making about seven, I think I was making about 600,000. So they say, okay, You know, you supposed to get a house, you get a house, that's your salary, You know, whatever you, so half of your salary.


So I was like, okay. They say Shannon 4 25, You know, at 4 25. Alright. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the first house the lady showed me, actually it was Sugar Ray Leonard's ex-wife, Juanita's. Okay. It was her old house. I walked in there. It was in Buckhead. 'cause I was gonna look at Buckhead. I was at go, I look, she stopped in Buckhead, then I was going to Stone Mountain, then I was going to Alpharetta. Okay. Yeah. The house. I walked around, saw that marble, all that, all that space. Saw the spiraling sta staircase joint. Like, ooh. This night she say, oh wait till you see down, You know, down, you got a finished basement? Yeah. I said, really? I ain't never seen no basement before with joking. I be a joke. Excuse me.


I I go downstairs. 3000 square foot finished basement. So now she's like, okay, this is the first house. I'm saying to myself, I don't wanna see nothing else, yo I don't wanna see nothing else. I I I'm good, I'm good. She said, no, we we got some other houses we gonna see. I said, okay man, them other houses. And they were really nice. It was almost like she was showing me our house. I said, I wanna go back. So I said, let, let's go back to the first house. I aint cut. I cut two. I saw one, I saw one in Reta and I saw one in, in Marietta. I said, let's go back to the first house a another. And I saw one in stone out.


I said, let's go back to that first house. She drove me, she took me back to the first house. I said, yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't know that my people had already told her the budget. Yeah, this damn budget and went out the door. I'm 180,000 over budget Joe. I had a, for two years I had a bed and a tv. You didn't put no furniture in there. What? I don't put it in there with all money put in, spent all the money in the house.


You can get, I get no furniture outta hey somebody come, Hey Joe, somebody come over, they can sit in the living room and go see down on the floor watching tv. I, that's it, that's all I had. So that's the thing with you with Phoenix, you got K, you got a bill, you got book, you got all that scoring, but you got inch furniture, you ain't got nothing. And and that's why they looked the way they've looked. You can't, they ain't even made, they ain't made the play in. So they gotta, Hey look, so we, one, one thing we do know is they, they more than likely or they are gonna trade Durant. Yes.


They got book ain't going nowhere. And it doesn't seem like because he has a no trade. I mean, let, let, let sink in. Bradley, bill and LeBron James are the only two players that have a no trade clause. Yeah. Hey, so now he control it. You can't control it. You can't trade him. He can like, yeah, we're gonna trade you. No, I'm not going there. Alright. Damn. Because I think they, oh we wanna go. Damn. Because they wanted to get off Bill. But they can't. They can't. They can't. So they gotta make it work. So that's why I say yep, you gotta, if if I'm Phoenix, I'm going with some young guys who have proven that You know, they can play in this league. Houston for me Houston would be, oh, Houston.


Yeah because you, I'm saying if you can get back Green and Parker Jabari Parker like no Jabari Smith. Jabari Smith Jr man, that, that'll help your team all. Yeah, for sure. That'll help your team. Now the problem you going to have, because both of those guys love to score and you got Bradley Bill with Devin Booker and Jalen Green. Yeah. You might be back in the same position you was in, you gonna be in the same spot. But you do have a big, a active big. He got, he's got, he, he's gonna need to get a little better and I think he will a little, a little bit more bricks in his pocket. I think You know his limited play time because you had Cha Goon playing so well.


Right. But it's gonna be interesting to see how this thing played out. The one thing we do know, they wanna move Kevin Durant, they tried to move at the trade deadline and he's like, nah, let me go ahead and stay here 'cause I come with a lot. Yeah, you, You know, You know, and I'm gonna need some time to inter integrate, You know, I'm gonna need some, some camps and some, You know, some preseason to get into the floor of things. But man, if he go to San Antonio, that's going to be cheating again. Yeah. Him and Weby and Castle and D Fox, San Antonio gonna be right back. Yeah, because they got, I mean look, OKC got the picks.


He not going to OKC. Nah. Brooklyn got the picks. He not going to Brooklyn. San Antonio got picks. Houston got some picks and they got some players. See Houston have Houston and San Antonio have picks and players. That's why I think this is gonna be one of them two teams. He already said he wanted to go to what Texas or team with no state tax. Yep. Yep. Texas, the Spurs, rockets. Hello, heat. There you go. I don't see the heat. I don't see the heat happening. I don't think they got enough. I don't, I don't either. I don't either. But to help Phoenix, You know, fulfill anything to get, to get back something that's worth the value for Kevin Duran.


So I I don't really see that in Miami. I don't see it, The volume.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family. An incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging, written with and about Las Vegas Raiders running Backs Coach Die McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to Tears by Runs in the family wherever books are sold.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeart podcast.