
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Id Nan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on LA tablet. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking Sportsbook A crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for joining us. Ohio State will face Notre Dame in the Natty with the 28 14 victory over the Longhorns. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite of Shannon Sharp, that guy. Bingo Ring of Fame, honoree Liberty. Set his own, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you golf for joining us again. You've joined us. So many Faithful Nights. Started in 23, continued in 24, and here we are in the new year of 25 and you're right back with us again.


So thank you for your loyal and continued support. Please go check out Shea by La Porter. Now we have it in stock. Let's celebrate. There's a lot to be thankful for. There's a lot to be grateful for. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. If you cannot find it, any city or a state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. And please, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company or all of its platforms. That's she, she Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had our new release just dropped last month. We had shirts, sweats, coozies, beanies and bugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you get yours. Wild supplies.


Last tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour stop. And the tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. Big guests lined up. You don't wanna miss this. OCHO and UNC will be at their absolute best while the guests add a little flavor to it. You don't wanna miss this one both night. Ocho, check this out. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap has been nominated for outstanding podcasts, arts, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe has been nominated for outstanding podcasts, society and Culture.


And I've been nominated for Entertainer of the Year. Please go vote for us. The link is pending in our social bios and on all of our platforms. Again, thank you so much because this would not have been possible without you. The NAACP and all the awards, they see what we're doing OCHO and they're taking notice. So thank you you fans, for your loyal and continued support. It's greatly, greatly appreciated. As I mentioned earlier, OCHO Ohio State takes down Texas 28 to 14. They're seeking their first national championship since 2015 when the Buckeye will face Notre Dame Monday, January the 20th, Ohio State defensive Jack Saar, Sawyer force to fumble sack, script sack bo Bumble scooped it up and then guess what he took off.


Yeah. Yeah, Eddie, he that basically ice the ball game as they win 28 to 14 ocho. Yeah, We having, we having a long way. I look here, I don't look, because you and I we don't really sit down and, and break down film to evaluate players properly, but I know my eyes. Tell me, Talk to me For the evaluators to have Quin viewers evaluated so high. He doesn't do anything to elevate anybody. If the players around him. Yes. I mean, he's missing throws that game. Ohio. Ohio State. Yes. Texas 1414. The guy runs it like, like a little square out Ocho he he own sells it.


Bro, that's a routine throw. If you can't make that throw with no pressure, what throw can you make? Right? It's all a problem. Just I do. Just look at him as average. Yeah. I mean listen, most, most collegiate quarterbacks are average. And the ones that, and the ones that aren't average on, you know what they do when you watch 'em on film, it pops out. They jump out, They jump out to you on film. They do listen and it, there's no disrespect to him, but most of the collegiate quarterbacks are average. The two that we just saw play last night are average as well. There's really nothing special about these individuals. So when their time comes, when it's time to get drafted, I'm hoping the situation is beneficial for them. Where there are, there are, the supporting cast is already in place where they don't have to do much and they don't have to elevate their play to make those round them better.


And I mean that, I mean that in the most respectful way, right? It's, it's hard ocho because normally when you a quarterback and you go high, you go into a team that doesn't have a whole lot of talent around them. Now everybody's not gonna be CJ Strau where you have a Nico Collins, you have a tank deal, you make a trade for Dalton, for Dalton sho. I mean, you get Dalton Scholtz free agency, you have Noah Brown and guys that played well for you. That's normally not the case. Every once in a while you get that, you'll get a situation where Andrew Luck and he had gie Wayne. But for the most part, Ocho you know, there's a reason why you lost all those damn games because you don't have a plethora of talent to try out there. Wait, go ahead.


And then another example you could use as well, Jake Daniels. Yes, Jayden Daniel from LSU and going to, going to the commanders who, who were bad but also had the support. I'm very varied because supporting cast Brian Robinson, Terry McLaurin, that That tied in That curse is tied in Naomi, Naomi Brown. Yep. Yep. I butchered his first name. But you know, he, he's fortunate. So I'm hoping whenever his time comes, you know, you, you, you, you, you got, you got the hope, you got the hope to go to a place where they have the help around you, where you can, you can, you can grow at the position. Because right now, based on what I saw tonight, huh? He, He, he, you say average, I think he's slightly below.


He, he made some No, no, no, no real talk. And I I'm not gonna beat him up too bad because he is a 19 8, 19 20-year-old kid and he's not a professional. Although he's making three, $4 million in NIL money. So he's paid. So theoretically he should be a professional, but that not with, oh, he is 20. He's, he's about to be, he's almost 22. That not withstanding ocho, I thought the situation Sark that la the on second was that second down he made a toss. Why you tossing it? Ohio State is loaded with speed. You are not getting to the edges on them. The one thing we know about Ohio State name, the person that's come outta Ohio State in the last decade that can't run.


Exactly. I'm talk about it doesn't matter the position I'm talking about. O line, D-line linebackers, dbs, wide receivers running, they can all of, they got one of the best speed programs in college football. Go ahead. But this is what what you gotta do, huh? In in that case, you can't run downhill. The game is won in the trenches. Yeah. Obviously throughout the entirety of the game. It was, it was, it was a battle up front. Yes. On both sides of the ball. So, you know, you can't run downhill. So you can't run downhill and you can't toss. And the, the, the passing gain wasn't what we're used to seeing them from both, both teams. It, it, it wasn't what we're used to seeing. So what do you do? You gotta try something.


Look, oh, Joe, you think about it, Ocho they had two, they got passing ends on passing interference, passing ends on passing interference. Damn. You had two chances. Two, two chances where you got, where you got re resetting downs and you got closer to the goal line and that, that Ohio State defensive. I would, I would've tried Ocho I know the first play, but I would've tried one more time to run it straight ahead. But not, not just right into the line. I mean, damn. But I'm not tossing that ball wide. They got too much speed. Much and they're really good tackles. I mean, if I'm not mistaken, I think I only counted like maybe one missed tackle, maybe two at the most from Ohio State. When they arrive, the guy's getting, he's going down on the ground.


They do a great job of their very sudden they're very well coached, but they can run, like I said, go back and look at their dbs that come out. They run four three, go look at their wide receivers. They're four three, they're low four fours. Look at the D lock burning Goldstein at his size. Now he couldn't play dead in a horror movie, but he was a hell of a football player at Ohio State. He could run four five at his size, big dead Dan Wilkinson, number one, overall the damn 300 pounds ran four seven they can run. And especially defense O Joe, they sidelined and sidelined. So basically you're gonna have to attack them, have to hit a crease to try to get something. But tossing that ball wasn't the way to go.


But it just goes to show you, because even on that fourth down ocho, they brought Arch Manning in. Can you imagine? On fourth down, they bringing a quarterback in for a quarterback in the NFL. Every once in a while you'll see it like a they'll come in with what, like a Wildcat formation. Right. Or you'll, you know. So who, who does that a lot with? They'll the saints. The Saints, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. With pay from Hill. And, and sometimes they'll, they'll bring the tight, the tight end. He might, he go in motion and then he'll get the Ravens do a lot of that with Mark Andrews. Hey. Yes. He'll like he go in motion and he'll get up on the, and and sneak it. Yep. Bro.


Quinn s and I tweeted, I was like, I think all tech ut alum will personally play for any mode of transportation to get Quinn s outta Austin. Whatever you want. Uber, you want to, you won't lift, you won't train. You want a taxi. Right. You want an airplane. They will gladly pay to get him up outta Austin. Somebody there. Yeah, man. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He, he, They, they had, they they had an opportunity. Yes. Know, yes. They had, they had moments. There were moments where, where yours had to step up And he didn't and Be special. And in those moments it didn't happen because, because look, it didn't happen.


He didn't make the throws, he didn't make the plays that he needed to make. No. Ohio State is already favored by almost 10 points. There are nine and a half point favorite over Notre Dame. And for, and there are spots that, you know, last week Ohio State, the first two weeks Ohio State looked unbeatable. Right. Tonight they look beatable now. Yeah. There were some opportunities now. But here's the thing. Leonard might be worse than yours, so it's not like they're gonna be a whole Yeah, yeah, yeah. O Joe. Yeah. He had bad Yeah, yeah, yeah. You think he that bad, huh? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He might be worse than yours. And that's saying something. That's saying something because the thing that Ohio State can do, they can get after your quarterback with four, but they're not afraid to pressure your ass.


Yeah, they will, they Will bring pressure. But they're okay with four. One of the, one of the, hold on, what's, what's his name? I can't jt just call him jt. I can't that that's some more last name. I ain't finna mess the man name up. Oh. They better be glad he missed a portion of the game with the ankle injury because boy he was, he was straight. Hell yeah. He was the one that made that on first and Gold Ocho. He was the one that made the stop in the backfield. I'm like, y'all watch him. He the best defensive player. Y'all don don't even block him. Right. But man, Ohio State their favorite and rightfully so. I just feel that if they played their best football, I didn't think anybody in the college after watching them play, I said they played their best.


If everybody plays their best, Ohio State is the best team in the college football player. If they play their best. Now that's a big if, because you need to play your best on that particular day. Now. So how, how do you, how do you feel about Notre Dame? What if Notre Dame goes out there and plays their best now Notre Dame is no slouch, you know? No, there are no slouch. Especially defensively. I'm excited to see, I'm sure Notre Dame, they, I think they play a little bit more man as opposed to Texas who played more zone with a two shell where Jeremiah Smith wasn't able to have the type of game he used to still have like he had against Tennessee or the type of game he had against Oregon. You know, Notre Dame's gonna play a little bit more. Man.


Yeah, little bit man you gonna, you gonna have to show us that they, I don't think they're gonna stray away from what they normally do. And this game was, was was heavily occupied by the running backs. Whether it be the running game or whether it be in the pass game. Yeah. And the two of the tough, two of the tough sounds if I'm not mistaken, running Back, pass out the backfield to the running back. They were, yeah. Wasn't know a screen out the backfield and in a, in the die play. Right. Right up they guy. No, you talking about for Ohio State or Texas Ohio State. I'm talking about Ohio State pocho. That was, that was heartbreaking because you're make it a seven, seven ball game. And I don't know, in that situation with 20 seconds, why would you need to get exotic? Why would you bring pressure and drop the D and drop the wrong in that situation?


You don't need to get exotic, let's just play straight coverage. Right. But number four has Gotta make back when the back came by the back steel all by itself. Yeah. But Number four has gotta make that tackle. You can't throw and miss, you got to get the guy down. Okay, let's have a 20 yard game. Ocho, you can't let him hit his head on the gold post in that situation. Nah, you just can't. You just can't. Ohio State look, Ohio look good in Spurs and then Texas like, okay, Texas, you right, you right now. Yeah, you right there. Yeah. They needed to get a couple because when they stopped, when they stopped Ohio State, Texas needed to get the ball back and get some first downs. But they would go right back out there, basically go three and out and pun the wrong ball right back to Ohio State.


I'm like, well damn. I think when, when I think it might have been seven minutes on the clock in Ohio State had that long, that long 11, 12 play drive. Yes. And they were and they, they were, they were able to score at that point. I knew it was sticky and I knew it was sticky. I knew it was gonna be sticking from that point on because now yours, you have to step up and almost be like Pastor Mahomes. Yeah. In those wins in time when the pressure's on and the throws you're going to have to make to put your team and carry them on your back. It, it didn't happen. It didn't happen the way. Well it did happen And the in the ball with the other But The thing ocho, even though when they made it 2114, Texas got the ball. It went right down the field.


Oh Yeah. Got OCHO again. See Ocho, why would the tight end do that? He makes a great play And then you point at the guy you see o now see that's the stuff that I'm talking about. Yeah. And then he like, oh what happened bro, you know you can't do that. That's all ocho. That ain't something new. That's always been in the play. Yeah. Yeah. Like, like bro in court in a moment, Man in a moment. This was like I said, Ohio State, look, they did a great job of neutralizing. I mean if you think about it, Ocho, they did a great job of stopping the run. 23 carrots for 82 yards. They didn't let 'em run wild on them like org.


Like they ran wild on Oregon. They didn't? Yeah. They did a good job. You understand They Lived Jeremiah Smith, they didn't really, they gave up the one big play right before the half that. But to give them credit, that could have been a back breaker because that took a lot of life because you had gone the entire first half with no points. You get a touchdown. Right. With like 25, 30 seconds to go. Right. And then you kick the ball off, they take it at the end and get on the 25 and then one play there in the end zone. So that could have been a brat breaker. Yeah. But give star guys credit, they go in there, they regroup, they made it a ball game 14. Hey they tied up at 14 Ohio State scoring touchdown late in the ball game. Oh.


2114 Texas get the ball. Yours makes a couple of big throws then right back down the field. Yeah. Give Ohio State credit. They say okay you down here not what you going to do. You ain't done anything until you get to long into the end zone. Yeah. Until you get all that that, that's fine. And I know I saw UT fans, they going crazy. The born on the burnt orange and white, they're going crazy because that's the cotton bowl. You are in Dallas, Texas. There are a lot of fans in Texas that went to UT Ohio State. Say bro, until you get this ball in the end zone. I don't know what y'all jumping up and down for. Right. Watch this first down. Yeah.


Second down. Second and goal. Oh, but you lose three yards. Fourth. Yeah. I'm like bro, Hey penalty penalty penalties killed both of these teams penalties. A a lot of penalties. And some of the first half, some of the second half. And I think it, the, the momentum especially for Ohio State and it was in, in the first half. Yeah. Where I think they could have gone up another, but they got a, they got a penalty in back of my 15 yards and every time they got that 15 yard penalty, it was really again like we, like we fussed about last night we talked about being able to get 20 yards in one shot in one play. Look how difficult it was for them to recover on bo both sides of the ball. Yeah. Texas two and Ohio State. But once they got them 50 yard penalty it was impossible.


The playbook shrinks significantly. 'cause there's only so many plays you can call. They actually get the first down. Yeah. You try to get in tops. But it is, it's damn near impossible based on the all the defensive plays you can call to prevent it from happening. It's, but the thing is OCHO is like, a lot of times like when you get it, like okay, you get a big play and you and it's first down and they call it back. So now it's all of a sudden it's gonna be first and 10 or first and 25. You just try to get 10 of it back. Right. You don't try to get it all back. You just try to get Right. Yeah. So now let's make it second and 15. Okay, let's get seven, eight yards. Now we got something that we could do deal with. It's just hard to consistently pick up third and long. You start getting a third and 8, 9, 10, 15, you might get one or two a game.


But the likelihood of you making a living picking up that kind of down that kind of distance is not very good. But like I said, will Howard 24 33 2 89 1 touchdown, one interception bro. Bro. You got does no anybody not see that buzz linebacker? That's what I just wanna know dude. Anybody see that buzz Lineer? Hold on on, on the deep curl ride. Yes. He buzzed Right up Underneath There. I think you have to think about it. What I, what I think he thought is with that play action f once he go down there and you draw them linebackers up, I don't think he expected a linebacker to be the drop that goddamn deep. Yes. Like that curl Rob. I'm talking about that. That was a deep curl. That was about 18 to $20. But see the reason why the guy dropped because he don't have any run responsibility.


So if I ain't got no run responsibility, why I give a damn he play fake it. Right. That ain't my job. Offensive line in the back backer got that. I got buzz. Right. Guess what I got, I got, I got flat to hook. So guess what I'm do on Joe. I'm a ain't nothing to throw me in the play. Hook the flat, lemme get my As in this hook rock. But you, you know one thing about it, and I think it comes obviously with chemistry and timing and then actually the quarterback in the receiver being on the same page. Yeah. The NFL something like that. That same play. If you wanna play inside the hook, I I'm gonna come right on around that. Yeah. And the quarterback won't be able to see that. But he going to see that backer dropping into the hook and wait for the receiver come right off his ear hold and throw the ball right off his ear.


Hold Right. Just come back, just come on back down to the ball. But you Know, in college they don't really get that intricate like that. Oh yeah. Yeah. Basically he not reading it because he coming straight back to the ball. Right. So I'm thinking the quarterback seeing the guy up underneath me, he ain't gonna even chip the four the ball because you need something to like threaten him to the flat to make him get wide Right. To get Outta there. All I need, all I need is a crease. Make him get wide. But now nobody gets wide. He's going to drop straight back to that hook, the curl, whatever y'all, whatever they call him, he's there. I'm like, Bro, same thing happened last night. Notre Dame, when he got pick. I'm like, bro, did y'all not see that man buzz that what y'all looking at? Do y'all not see that?


I mean, I see it. I I didn't know. And plus ocho, he stared him down too. Yeah, he stared him Down. You know what's funny, if I think even if he didn't stare him down, if he did, which is pulled you as a quarterback, you get that ball after that plaque and fake and you look down the barrel of the, the safety in the middle of the field. Yes. The backer was still be in they goddamn damn league. Yeah. Because that's what he, he got, he got, he hooked, hooked the curl. He got that ocho that's his only responsibility son. Guess what man, if he run a over route, that's not your responsibility. If they run the ball, that's not your responsibility. Right. What is your responsibility? You let him catch down, hook the curl, and the coach gonna cut your ass out because you got one responsibility.


You got flat the hook. Right. That's your responsibility. It was Do your job Though. Yeah. It was, it was a good game. It was. It was a good game. Could have been better had yours played better. We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league.


That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits.


Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs. Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored.


They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's n Challenge scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Demers, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network.


We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're get all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now you Wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Ocho check this out. Ex Georgia quarterback Carson Beck commenced to Miami less than 24 hours after entering the transport portal. Beck committed to play for the hurricane. Beck will reportedly make $4 million from the hurricane in the transfer portal landing him among the highest paid players in college football. Beck's girlfriend Hannah Cavender is the star of Miami's basketball. A women woman's basketball player alongside her, alongside her twin sister Haley Hannah makes nearly 1 million in NIL money. They must have not saw Carson Beck. I I I didn't wanna say nothing. I ain't wanna, I didn't wanna say did, I didn't wanna say anything but Carson Beck looks the way he does because of his support in cash.


Look what he had. Look what he had surrounding him at Georgia. Yeah. And they ain't got that at fucking I I mean, I mean listen now we we have some dogs. Y'all got some good players, but y'all ain't got no five star like K Kirby got. Nah, we, we ain't got nothing like that. But we do have some guys that can make some plays. I I I will tell you that it is not the, it is not the hurricanes of the old, but no matter what position you go to, we talking about first rounders, you know, five stars. Yes. I mean, we don't have that, but we got some animals. It's still, it's still Miami. It's still the hurricanes. So again, now Beck's gonna have to come in. He's gonna have to improve. He going to, he's gonna have to improve and do some of the things that Cam war was able to do. Cam War was able to elevate the players around.


Yes. Because special, he was that good. So I mean people are gonna understand Carson, Carson Beck, you're gonna understand you're gonna have to play better. You are gonna have to you, you, you're gonna have, you're gonna have to play better. I I I I'm just trying to figure out what his turnover machine, did they not see him last year? I mean, really I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm being, I'm being truthful. Oto I'm, I'm being very, very truthful. Did did they not see his body of work last season? Yeah. If you, excuse me, if you saw his body of work. Look, I don't begrudge anybody getting that money, but if they give him money out like that, Hey, I'm about to have me another kid.


Hey, hey, you could be some butt sauce to get a million if you halfway good, you get two and a half. If you damn good, you gonna get four to six. Yeah. Yeah. Especially, especially when you played the quarterback position. I'm like, damn, I I hate Miami. I hey, the hurricanes or the hurricane. I'm just saying maybe they, maybe, maybe they didn't wa and he's coming off an injury. He heard his elbow. I don't know. I I don't know if it's significant. He's gonna have to have surgery. Maybe rest will heal it, but don't show. Right. And again, he was another one. Oh, he come out, he gonna be a top five pick Quinn, yours. He's ready be better than Ur He's ready to haircut.


I'm like, Damn. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down, slow down, slow Down. I'm just telling what the evaluators had it. I ain't have him there. Wait, listen, whoever the evaluators are, they need to get the Oh, He surgery. Oh, Joe. And he had surgery on his elbow. Yeah. Okay. I listen. If, if they still gave him the money, the extent of the injury and the timetable it takes for him to heal and recover and get better. I I I'm, I'm assuming he will, he would've be fine. Wait, is it a throwing in hand? Yes. Ugh. Yes it is. Miami need to fix their defense though. Yeah. That's what they need to fix.


Yeah. It's hard. I mean, and, and because one turnover probably is gonna do you, and you saw that time and time again, cam Ward played really, really well, but if he turned the ball over one time, it probably gonna end up costing them the game. Yeah. Because the the other team is gonna score. They gonna go down and score. Yeah. And that's the thing. So that's what they're gonna Miami, that's what the Kas need to get. They need to get some defensive help. They need to get some guys in the portal to come play defense for him. Now, I don't know if all the guys that they're coming back, I know Cam Ward is leaving. I don't know how many of those receivers are coming back. I mean they had a tight end. That was Eight year eight. Yeah. He was like 30. He out there.


He out there play, he out there playing with kids. Yeah. He only, he could go, he the only one that could go buy beer. And you know, when you in college, Joe, you had that one old guy that seen you that could go buy beer and he was the guy that was in charge for He in charge of getting the beer. Yeah. But man, he's funny man. Look, Beck 4 million ojo And that was quick because he just, he just put his name in the portal. What yesterday. Yeah. And here he is. He's already got a team lined up. But you, you already know what that mean. Yeah. You know, things going on behind the scenes, things been going on behind the scenes, conversations being were being had or ready prior to. Right. Which is why everything was able to unfold that damn fast.


Yeah. But, and the plus the thing is ocho, he saw the writing on the wall. He saw the writing on the wall because he didn't play as well this year as he played last year. And this ain't no in college football, it used to be Okay. Yeah. You came, you committed to us and you know, you a sophomore, so we gonna give you a junior year. If you're a junior, we gonna give you a senior that that ain't it no more. And the way they got it set up now with this NIL bro, you on, you on scholarship semester to semester. I and what it is be it, it's all, it, it normally was like year to year OCHO you signed it. Basically it was a contract for one year at a time. Now that thing semester, semester, it's, it, it, it's, it's too much money involved.


It's too competitive. And guys like, hey, coaches are kind of like handcuffed OCHO because you bitch you got, oh, he jumping in the portal, He gone And he a five star. He gonna find a place to lay in Ocho he'll four a five star. And and you, you gotta understand Mo, most of the time sometimes you have five stars that don't play like five stars. Yeah. That's why they sitting on the bench. But Here's the thing though, Ocho here's the difference. The other team, when they jump in that portal, they realize he was a five star and they wanted him. So now I'm gonna pay 200,000, 300, 400,000 whatever it takes to get and put him in my program because I wanted him before he went to where he went to.


Right. Exactly. That's the same thing with Beck. I don't know what Beck was, but in order to get that kind money, somebody had to have wanted him. Yeah. Obviously. And you look At, and he did play quarterback at the top at, you know, at UJA, that's one of the premier programs in all the college football. So he was the starting quarterback o Joe for two years. Right. And which command, the kind of kind of money he's getting it commands and warrants. No, the salary or the NIL money that he didn't going to get because of where he played and the success he did have despite his woes last year.


Yeah. Why don't your $4 million for him, Ugh. Hey, I don't be girls nobody getting the money. Hey, if y'all gonna pay it, I'm taking it too because I'm sure somebody probably say, Hey, when I was making the money I was making like, damn he making Shannon, I'm making that kind of money. Right. What I supposed to do? Say, ah, man, you know, I ain't worth that, but I ain't worth that. Hey, take some of this money back. I'm taking it. I'll let y'all figure it out. Y'all made a mistake later. Ocho ESPN, repo 20 scouts and executive asked them, who is the top quarterback in the 2025 draft, 2025 NFL draft in the latest poll.


Cam Ward and Shado Sanders got 11 votes. Cam Ward got nine votes. Carson Beck, well now y'all discredited because Carson Beck got five and Jalen Miro got four. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and Quinn s gotta vote. So now since y'all done did that, I don't even know what to take it. I don't even know what to make of it. Exactly. And this, listen, I have a question. Yes. How come when they're talking to the voters, the people that do the, not only the all pro voting in the NFL, but just the voters that did the voting in college, how come we can't see exactly who they are? The the No, they're, they're they're scouts. They're scout, they're former executive and scouts.


You're not really, So you're not supposed to be participating in stuff like this. So that's why you gotta keep it an anonymity. See, I, man, I I don't, I don't like that because sometimes even their, even their eye is wrong. Yes. Even their wrong a little too. Sure. You know, sometimes the way they judge it is wrong. I think people in positions like that, when it comes to scouts, GMs, they should be former players at some time or may be former players should help consult based on certain positions that, that play the game at a high level. They should help in that area because most of the time look at G of the Scouts, it's people that never played the game. They just been around the game, you know? And they know what it, what it should look like, but didn't really play the position or didn't really play the sport.


They doing everything based off analytics or I've been around, I've studied, I No, no, you know, you, you have players that have played the game that can tell you now, despite what it may look like. You, you also have to take into account, look at the competition you're playing against. That's why, you know, whoever it may be, exhibit A may look that goddamn good, but look what happens. He disappears against better competition. Right. So what gonna happen even plays in the NFLI, I don't know. It, it's so many different variables that go into it. I would love to get into scouting know like that when it comes to looking at receivers. N nevermind you much Time you gotta put in to do that, don't you? Oh, I already know. I already know. Yeah, exactly. You right. You supposed to be.


Yeah, I, I I know what you mean. I like the part about, I like the part about watching film. Studying film. So you like The thought, you like the thought of watching film and doing all that. Right? You don't like actually doing that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Unless I'm, unless I'm finna play Say Yeah. You know, the thought of just looking at that tape and walk, Hey look, hey, you know what, despite, despite what you may think, you know, as far as perception and, and me when it come to, you know, just doing stuff like that. Nah, I will do it. I will do it, Joe. You do it for you because you need to know what the defense is gonna do. You ain't trying to look at you ain't trying to look at No, just, I, I would've, I would've enjoy it though.


I would, I would think I've enjoy it. You know, Chad, what y'all think? Y'all think? Oh, Joe. Yeah. Y'all think, oh, Joe want a wife's tape? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey man, you won't believe this man tonight, man. What happened? Oh man, man. Well listen, I, I almost, I almost ain't make the show, boy. I don't my way to jail, boy. What happened, man? Wait, listen. So my daughters, my, my two, my two oldest, you know, they, they they in town right now. Right? They jakira and Sade. Thank you baby. I know y'all might be watching. I love y'all. I appreciate it. They took me to, they took me to Nofo for dinner. Right. They took you where? No. Nofo. Okay. I I I've never been to restaurants, you know, obviously those type of restaurants.


So it was nice. You know, they sell sushi and stuff like that, you know, I don't, whatever. I, I enjoyed it though. The ambiance was cool. The service was phenomenal. It was, it was out there on Collins. On what I'm talking about Nobu. I'm talking about no food. Nobu. I was That. I'm like that Why? Look, no fool. I ain't never heard of that. But okay. He tell the story. It's his story. Let him tell it. You know. So, you know, the food I ordered, I, I ordered shrimp and pork rolls. I don't like avocado. So I had 'em remove the avocado. I ordered steak. I ordered a steak as well. Skirt, skirt, steak. It was chopped up in half. You know, it was cool. And my daughter's ordered. But they, but, but they ordered. And I, I, I tasted some of their food.


Would it be my First time, you know, experiencing this restaurant? It, it was cool. It was cool. It's not something that I would go to on my own. Yes. Fancy. Yeah. But it was their suggestion. They wanna do something nice to me. So boom, I enjoy that boom. So I tell 'em, I'm watching the game on my phone and the waiter keep coming, trying to make sure I'm okay. I'm like, man, I'm okay man. I'm just watching the game. So I know what to talk about tonight. Right. You know, on Nightcap. And you know, you know, man, I'm a fan of the show. I really enjoy it. I like it. You and all, you know the chemistry, y'all are really funny, man. And so I say cool. So I paid the bill early 'cause I know I gotta leave. So by the time the third quarter hit, I jumped in the car. So I jumped in the car just to make sure I'm able to get here on time. Right. I'm speeding. I'm doing about 80. I didn't realize I was doing 80, I was doing 80 to 65.


So I'm like, oh, snap, boom. The lights come on behind me. Oh, oh Lord. Police done pull me over, man. I put my seatbelt on. I ain't having my seatbelt on. So I like, I hurried my skirt and you know, snuck my seatbelt on real quick. Right, right. Dude come to the door, he tap on the window. I roll the window down. I said, how you doing sir? He ain't even say nothing back. I was trying to be nice. He said, papers. I said, scissors. I said, well, he had lost. So he went back to the car shoot. When he went back to the car shoot, I drove off. Yeah, okay.


Yeah. So I drove off. Shoot, I took off. He done came back behind me. So I'm thinking maybe he won a rematch because he lost some paper. Rock self. Yeah. You know, 'cause he talking about Pav shit. I said symptoms. Okay. So I thought left because he thought he, he lost. Right. Man, I took him off. I brought him all the way to the house, man, he can't beat, he followed me all the way to the house. Wrote me a ticket, man. See, he said, you lucky. You lucky. I like your humor. You, you lucky. You lucky. I like your humor. And I'm a fan of yours. And I said, may you watch the show too? He said, yeah. And I was trying to figure out, and he say, I left to go back to the car so I can get an autograph of the picture.


I wasn't leaving. I, he, he didn't leave when I said scissors. And I said, Hey, I won. He didn't leave. He left to go get a paper to go get a pen so I could sign something. So, but I took off and left. I thought, I thought, I thought it was, I thought it was done. So he wrote you a ticket? He just wrote me, he wrote me a ticket. Man. Damn. Wrote a ticket. But it's cool. It's cool. I listen, I, I was trying to be funny. Yeah. I was trying to be about papers. No, I don't. I I don't, I don't joke with them. Yeah, same Registration. Registration and driver's license. Please. He said papers. I said I, I think you forgot what color you are. Who you Oh, I'm, I'm in Miami though. I'm good here. I'm No you're not.


I'm Good as Tyre Hill. Were you good? But that, that's different. Re ain't from here. I'm from home. Tyreek Hill. You ain't home. Yeah. If you was from home, you wouldn't have got no ticket. Oh, what? But he had to, he had to follow me for 30, 30 more minutes. So that's why I got, He supposed, he's supposed to have gave you an escort home. Hey, o out a veteran scout said this is one of the weakest classes. There's not a lot of depth to it and there's not a lot of high to high talent players either. Ocho do you agree with be A ab? Absolutely not. Okay. I can, I can, I can give you five. The defensive in the defensive in from Penn State, Abdul Carter Talent, Travis Hunter, high level talent, cam ward, high level talent, the other D tackle, I don't know, I don't know his name.


Off the top of my head. Off the top of my head. High level talent. Cam Moore, high level talent. Based on the situations that the quarterback go to, they gonna be a fi they're gonna be fine. Now you think about, you think about the giants are picking early. Who else, who else picking early Cleveland, Raiders, Jacksonville, new England. Oh, see, Jacksonville's not taking no quarterback. Here's fact. No, but he said he, Hey, he's not just talking about the quarterback. He's said the level of talent and the depth of talent in the class you named Bob player. There're 32 drafts. It's not now. Yeah. You, you, you, you right by that.


So You agree with it, Kyle, I get it. Yes Sir. I do agree with him. There's not a whole lot of high level talent and there's not a whole lot of depth. There is ta there's talent in every draft. Yeah. But some drafts, there's a plethora. You're gonna to get great value from a guy in the second or the third round. Third Round. But this is the thing, this is the funny thing about it, especially again with the eye test evaluating talent. You never know who might be a gem. Right. That might not be seen at the high level talent right now. But all of a sudden they get to the NFL, they get into the right situation. They're used based on their strengths. Right. You know, they're able to hide their weaknesses and use 'em to the best of their abilities based on where they go. All of a sudden, boom, you got a gym that comes outta nowhere that you got in the third or maybe the fourth round.


Well, You go look at, you look at 2011, you get cam at one, you get VO at two and you get JJ Watt, you get Cam Jordan, you get Hayward, you get and down the line you go get Richard. Richard, she, you get a Julio Jones, you get a jre. You see what I'm going, you get a Tyre Smith. You now you, now you see where I'm go over. They say loaded. Yeah. Top to bottom high level talent. This, this draft kind of draft lacks that. No. Yeah. There, there are some gems there. There's some guys in here that, you know, we think are think, we think a lot of, and you're right, there's always gonna be a hidden gem that doesn't get value. Don't get the great, the high grade right. That comes in and plays really, really well.


You're like, well damn if we were redrafting this guy would go higher. This guy probably be a first round pick. So forth and so on. But when I look at this draft, I don't, I don't see like, woo boy this thing, Hey, if I miss my guy here, I'm gonna get a great guy. Right. No, I think, I think this draft as far as owner scouts and GMs, they're gonna have to be very sure, very sure on who they want and who and who they're picking. And they have to go through film with the fine tube comb, understanding the need that they do need and go and go and go from there. Right. But again, I think there are some gym, there are some names of players that might have certain issues know character stuff, stuff off the field that, that are very good.


That aren't getting noticed. Right. They get a chance to get opportunity. They can surprise a lot of people. Ocho we got some bad news. Former LSUY receiver Kyron Lacey is wanted for negligent homicide and a felony hit and run in a connection with a December 17th crash that killed one person and injured two others in Louisiana. According to state police, Lacey was illegal, allegedly illegal illegally passing other vehicles at a high rate of speed by crossing the center lane and entered an oncoming lane in a no passing zone. A truck swerved to avoid colliding with Lacey. The vehicle and vehicles behind it collided head on with another vehicle going in the opposite direction.


Following the crash, Lacey drove around the crash scene, bled south on LL Louisiana Highway 20 without stopping to render aid called emergency services or report the EMB involvement in the crash according to police documents. Hey yo man, Ocho, ocho, you can't even, I know he know what happened to rugs. I know he know he had to see that ocho, but I, I get it Ocho, when you young, you never think anything like this. So I, I can't beat him up too bad. 'cause I've driven at a high rate of speed. Yeah. Now I wasn't, you know, trying to pass on, but I'm just going, you know, it's just, you know, you like, I'm on 95 and I'm coming from Daytona, I'm going back to Savannah.


So it's just two lanes. Yeah. And there's a median, there's a fence. So two lanes. Me and the traffic going this way. But I, you know what I'm saying, there is no possibility of another car coming this way. I was wrong. Now I don't want people to think that I'm trying to condone because if I was traveling at 108 miles an hour, dang. Dead wrong. Dead wrong. Got two tickets. Guy said, I clocked you at 108 and the other guy clocked you at 92. So we gotta write you two tickets. Does anybody here, Hey, hey, they put me in the car. Oh, Joe, they like, anybody here got driver's license, they can drive the car. Right. I, hey, let let my, one of the dudes that went to college with me, he drove the car. Right. They took me to the police station.


It's like a bond, like $1,500. Right, right. I broke that thing, you know, I mean, oh, Joe. Yes. I count money. They thought I had a money card in my pocket. Yeah. Yeah. I repeated off the button. He like, if you don't mind, what do you do? Hey, you know, Hey, I can't tell y'all. Right, right, right. Y gonna keep me here longer. Right. Y'all back bring the dog to sift the car. I can't tell you what I do, but you know, I fixing to get up outta here. But guys, you gotta just be careful. Yeah. And I ocho when you young, you believe you are invincible.


Especially invincible if you're an athlete. Now, I, I, like I said, we've been athletes our whole life, Ocho So you know how we think that ain't nothing gonna happen to me. Hold on. You gotta, you gotta other, you gotta add the other element to it. Now. Not, not only do you think you're invincible when you, when you're an athlete, when you're a good athlete at that, you are in college, you are on top of the world. But let add, this is the other element that makes it even that much more dangerous money. Oh yeah. Now Money. Huh? Now they got money. So once you add the money to it, now you, you really feel you are invincible and you're not thinking right. You're not in your right state of mind. So some of the things that you do when you are young, driving fast, drinking clubbing, having a good time, feeling that you are invincible in certain situations, when normally in your right state of mind when you're older and you're a little bit more experienced, you're not thinking about that stuff, you know?


But now you get to sit back, you know That. And that's what to get to Ocho Your career might be over, huh? No, I, I, I think it, it all depends. Maybe it's a First time offense. He's young. I was just reading his report. I don't know if we gonna talk about it. That Henry rugs is eligible for parole in August of 26th. 26. 2026. It'll be 26 years of age. Yeah. In a situation like this, Ocho, where they gets you, sir, is that you fail to render aid. You fail to call because you have a, you have a, the definition of a kind crime is an act or failure to act where there's a responsibility to act.


You in this situation, you got a responsibility now. Right? And he neglected his responsibility, right? Hey, call, Hey man, even if you don't ocho, if you just called now, what you should have done is stop, try to rent. Call 9 1 1. Hey, what's your emergency? Oh, there's a, a serious car accident that happened, blah, blah, blah. I ain't telling you nothing. I'm gonna gimme an attorney. I'm gonna call my attorney. As soon as I get the phone with you, I'm calling an attorney. Hey man. Right? This was this bad accident and I was involved, so I'm probably gonna keep my mouth shut, but I'm just letting you know. Yes sir. That's just thinking like that and just thinking. Yeah. But in a situation like that, don't your guys, we got, we gotta just be smart. And I get it. I was young. I ain't fitting to sit here. I ain't finna beat the man up too much.


'cause I've done some things that I look back at and like, boy, ooh boy, Mary Porter know she was a god-fearing woman and she laid some prayers down. 'cause ain't no way. Some situations that I was in a lot of stuff, I told y'all some of the situations, there's some situations then that hey, shout go. Hey, my cats go, Hey Ocho, they might have to have my casket on the forklift because all these stories that I'm gonna take with me gonna make it real heavy. Yeah. And that cas get real heavy. Some things you just, you know what, Shannon, just go on and take that with you. But guys, we just gotta be careful. Come on. I, I, I, the family that, that lost loved ones, loved one, and the injured, the injured part, you know, your heart goes out and you empathize with them because this is something that, that could have been prevented.


This is, this is not a, a tire blew out Ocho. You know what I'm saying? This is not a dare jumps out in the road or something like that. This was, and most accidents are human era, right? This was human era. Yes, sir. And it, it could have been prevented, but like, like I said, Ocho I've been young and I just, I just feel bad. 'cause that's a heavy, that's a heavy burn to bear ocho that you call someone to have to get that knock on the door and tell 'em that, Hey, that family member ain't coming home. You responsible. That that's, that's, that's on you, bro. Yeah. And so guys, we just gotta, you just gotta be smarter and try not to put ourselves in those situations.


Things are gonna happen. But, you know, accident. No, that's, that's, that's, that's irresponsibility. Yeah. Most definitely. And one, one thing about it, one thing about that man upstairs, when you're not moving the way you shouldn't move and you're not answering or heeding to the signs that he gives you that you should slow down stuff like this happens to you. It gets you to sit down. He gets you to slow down. He gets you to understand you ain't moving the way you should be moving. So since you're not listening to me and the signs that I'm giving you, let me sit you down in a different way. Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle.


Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. You was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the color editions.


It's extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture.


And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now you Wish you could pull off my short shorts perky, That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life.


The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts. Ocho, the NFL AllPro team was announced. The quarterback, the first team quarterback, Lamar Jackson.


Yes, sir. Is hard to see a scenario with the first team all pro quarterback doesn't win MDPI can't recall a situation where that's happened. If you go back, you look at over the last decade plus. Yep. Every quarterback that's been the first team all pro. Not MVP. You know, Normally, like I said, especially if the quarterback's gonna win the award. Right now there's a situation that Peyton was the first team quarterback, but Adrian Peterson won the award. We believe you and I believe that a quarterback's gonna win the award. You win Josh. I win Lamar, I think Lamar's gonna win the award. It's gonna be hard for him to be like, hold on.


If Josh Allen's the MVP, he should have been first team all team Pro quarterback. Correct? Yeah. And because Lamar is the first team. So that's why I think it's gonna go. But let's go ahead and run through it. Saquon first team running back. Patrick Rashard Ricard is the first team fullback. Brock Bowers is the first team all pro tied in. You had, So you two unanimous selections at wide receiver, both former Tigers, Jamar, chase, Justin Jefferson, the slot arm, Ross St. Brown left Tackle for the First time. We've had a, he was a right AllPro, right tackle. And he is been an all pro left tackle. That's Kristen Wir Christian. Where Left Guard Joe Toney Center.


Creed Humphrey. Right Guard Quinn. Erez Bronco. And right tackle is Pene Soul Ying. Now Sewell is the one that surprised me 'cause I kind of thought they would go with Lane Johnson, right? Because Lane Lane is have a hell of a season. The first team all pro defense, miles, Garrett, Trey Hendrickson are your Edge. Cam Hayward. Cam Hayward and Chris Jones are your interior. Right? Zach Braun, Fred Warner, are you inside linebackers along with Quan Smith. Pat Sartain had 49 of the 50 votes. Darryl Stingley Jr. Marlon Humphrey is the slot corner.


Carrie Joseph is the safety along with Xavier McKinney. Now, you know, hi Patan is not unanimous. Right? There's always, there's there, there's always one oddball. There's always one oddball. Always. That's why I said the people that do the voting, they need to be revealed. They, they need to be re revealed. And who was, if you got 49 votes, who's the oddball? You know what that remind me of? Remember that episode of Martin? Yeah. Where Cole Martin, they, they were deliberating on the, on the guilty. Somebody being guilty for something that hap you remember the episode Cole kept, Cole kept saying innocent. Yeah. Oh man. It's just, that's, that's what reminds me of, but one of the, one of the things I like, who was the other corner on the other side?


Derrick Stingley Jr. Hey, Stingley is the real deal. Oh yeah, For sure. He had the unbelievable season. Yes. I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad he's getting the recognition that he deserves for the way he's been playing. Not just this year, last year as well. Derrick is very, very good. Very good. C, C, SC. CSEC. So you had Brock, Biers, SEC, chase, SEC, Jefferson, SEC. You got Miles, Garrett, SEC you got Chris Jones. SEC you got Quan Smith. SEC you got Pat Ctan.


SEC you got Derek Stingley Jr. SEC you got Marlon Humphrey. SCC, you got Xavier McKinney. SC. But the SEC ain't the conference. I missed something. But that's okay. Who else? Okay, that's it. I don't know what, what, Zach Brown went to Wisconsin. So he ain't at Fred Warner with to BYU cam with the, I think Cam Hayward with the Pittsburgh Trey Hendrickson. I don't, I'm not familiar where he went to school. I know Miles went to a and m Creed. Humphrey went to Oklahoma, didn't he? I think Creed, hump Humphrey went to Oklahoma. So he might be another SEC guy.


Yeah. So you got 1, 2, 3, 4, 4. Your 12 offense in the FEC and you got Chris Jones, you got Miles Garrett, you got Quan Smith, Pam Tan, Derek Stingley, Jr. Marlon, Humphrey, Xavier, McCarney. So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 7 of the 12 all pro on defense. NCC. Hmm. Just just say It, you know, you know, is it, is it, is it really the conference or is it the player? They just, they just so happen to, to play for collegiate teams in the SEC.


Why you think they go there? You ain't going to, you ain't, you're not going to Georgia and Alabama and Texas a m to be a Rhode Scholar. You going to go to the NFL. I'm just, I'm just gonna be 1000 with you. That's why you go to those schools. The same reason they go Ohio State. Yeah. What am I going to Ohio State for? Yeah. Now maybe if I go to Stanford, man, I show hope it, but I'm really thinking about, I'm gonna be a finance, I'm gonna be econ, I'm gonna be something like that. Yeah. You go there, you know what you, you know what you're thinking about. Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. Okay. Because them coaches gonna tell you, son, you're not here on an academic scholarship.


You're not here in the band. You here to play football. Yeah. That's what Coach Davis used tell us all the time, son, I saw your grades, you couldn't get in prison. But this is new normally an indication. Yes sir. The first team all pro quarterback. Yeah. And we think that's gonna be Lamar, Lamar Jackson is the first. And I said it, it is a tough de decision. Ocho I voted for this award for a decade. Yeah. Took it very, very seriously. That's what really, you know, you watch all the games, games and, and plus like when you're in studio show, they got, and So you are watching all the games and you watching you taking notes and you watching Oline play and you watching D-Line play and you watching all of this because you gotta vote for it because you gotta vote for the All Pros.


And it's just not like the Pro Bowl where you just vote for conference. You are voting for the best player at said position regardless of conference. And so it looks like Lamar Jackson is gonna be a back to back MVP. That's what it's looking like. The writing on the wall. If I'm reading the T leaves correctly and I read at a really good level, maybe not pronounce all the words correctly, but I read at a good level. Right. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be happy for Lamar obviously with, with my Bengals being out, my, my hope, my hope for Lamar is to can is to do what he's done in the regular season, but carry that same magic in the postseason.


Carry that same magic in the postseason. And, and as, as much as I love my Bengals as much as I am who they, from head to toe, if there is a team out the a FC that I would love the host at Lombardi, it's not the team itself. Whether it would be for Lamar, it would, it would be for Lamar to ask him win that Lombardi trophy just to get that monkey off his back. He's got to O Joe. That's just so he in the elite company know with, with very few that have done it. So that pressure, that is that that haunts him, especially in the postseason is gone. It's no longer there. Yeah. So he's talked about in the class of, with the elites obviously being the three Winner.


The, the Bradys, the Mannings, the Joe Montanas, the guys that's won multiple, Right. Because he was, he's the only multiple that doesn't have a, that doesn't have a Super Bowl now he's 28. He got years to go. But yeah. And that's the thing that people don't, I'm not saying that his career 'cause his career by no, by no stretch would be a disappointing. It would be, I think it would be disappointing. It wouldn't be a failure because if you got three or four MVPs and you got no Super Bowls, come on now, let's be real, let's be Failure. This is disappointing, but it's not a fake. No hell no. Okay. Okay. If Bp Man, that means you the, that means you want, he got three.


Yeah. Now he get a couple of Super Bowls. We gotta start talking about this band as the top five quarterback. Abso absolutely. You gotta start talking about it right Now. The thing about it top Five, no matter how you s slice it, you gotta say Brady, you gotta say Montana. You gotta say Mahome. It doesn't matter though. We know Brady got all the, you know, he got three MVPs, five Super Bowl MVPs, he got seven Super Bowl. So he has to be one. But Joe, but Joe and, and and Patrick Mahome. Patrick Mahome need one more playoff win and he'll tie Joe. But the second most wins in play for a quarterback in, in playoff history. Yeah. So this is where Lamar Jackson, you would have to see, and a guy that many thought he needed to be a wide receiver, many thought he needed to be a running bat.


The guy that said he couldn't do what he couldn't do what he couldn't do. Somehow he's turned himself into a three time league VP and a potential Super Bowl winner. Then there's nothing else you can say. And, and that is my argument and why I said what I said earlier, my little spiel when it comes to scouts talking about this week's, this, this, the draft coming up now, there, there are no talents like Lamar Jackson was when he was coming outta Louisville. Just the fact that those watching that is supposed to be professionals that are going back to owners and jeans and telling them who's what and who's who. This is the eye, your eye tells you that this individual should play running back your eye. Tell you that this, this individual should go play receiver.


All Lamar's doing is what he did at Louisville when he won the Heisman. You tell me what he's not doing. He threw for 3,500 yards in about 1213 games. He rushed for 13, 14, 1500 yards. So tell me what he's doing different now than what he did at Louisville when he won, when he won the, the, the hedman. Nothing he's, I, he's improved and he's a better throw of the ball. That's, I know that he is. Yeah. But before Ocho, before this renaissance, they would've moved Lamar Jackson or he'd had to go to Canada. Like, like, like Warren Moon, Warren Moon, Doug Flutie, Kurt Warner. Yeah. He, they he'd have moved. They'd have moved it. Yeah. There are a lot of guys that had the ability, but oh no, he's black quarterback.


You know, he, He was, yeah, they, they, that's that Stigma. Athletic Athletic. Yeah. That stigma was heavy. Boy, that was heavy. And mind you, that stigma's still there. Yeah, it's still there. No, But guess what? Not everybody looking for the athletic quarterback Because the game has changed. The game itself has changed offensively. They don't want statues anymore. No, they, they, you can, you can be a statue, but if you're a statue, you gotta be that much more special. Especially when it comes to your arm strength and your arm talent. Today, lane Johnson Locker had a statue comparing his stats to penne se season after Johnson was voted second team all pro, basically it said Sacks allowed.


Lane Johnson allowed zero sack se allowed one quarterback hits lane allowed one se allowed five quarterback Hurries Johnson, nine se 22 pressures allowed. Johnson 10 se 48 pass block win rate Lane one 94% of his Sewell, 91% rate, 75%. He was one Sewell, 55%. He was 58 quarterback time to throw 3.13 seconds, se 2.79 seconds run block win rate, 80% Sewell was it ranked team Russian yards 3048 for the Eagles 2,488 se Yeah.


So in other words, his teammates say, bro, that should have been you. Yeah. Most, most definitely. But you know, it's, it's hard to argue too. Punk pen Sue was the real deal. Oh yeah, for sure. Lady, listen, lane Johnson is the real deal. Now when you wanna to get the nitpicking and, and and picking 'em apart, you do things like that by putting the numbers in someone's locker a little bit, a little, a little bit more motivation. Get fired up, he gonna dominate somebody. Yeah. I feel, listen, I feel sorry for on Player they playing Green Bay boy, I feel sorry for that, that that. Yeah, most definitely. Right. Listen, we talking about the two best right. Tackles in the game, huh? Yes. Two best Right tackles in the game. And you could close your eyes, you could put on a blindfold and you could pick either one.


You they gonna get the job done. Yep. They Gonna get the job done. So it, it had to be somebody and you know, congratulations to pun, you know, and Lane Johnson, no need to hang your head. You know who he is. We know who you are. Mike Cam has admitted before his first meeting with Marshawn Latimore earlier this season that he hasn't done a good job of controlling his emotion against his nemesis. The books receiver has let, has let the now commander's cornerback get up under his skin. Evans would e was ejected once and has served a two one game suspension for his actions against Latimore while losing more than a hundred thousand in fines.


Latimore warned Evans this week that Evans is going to know he's there. Everyth admit, he's got to be disciplined. I just gotta, I just gotta be at my best. I've got to give my best because he's a really good player. Obviously we've had a lot of good matchups if he's played, I look forward to the matchup. See, I love that. I love that. I love the fact that Latimore came out and said, you gonna know I'm here. You gonna know I'm here. That that mystique, the mystique that they provided us, the entertainment that provided us when they had those matchups between the Saints and the goddamn bucks, that was what we as fans. Me now being a fan of the game, we need that.


Yeah, I need that. I'm excited for it. I'm going to be tuned in. I'm gonna have my popcorn ready. If I was latimore, what I would do, I would tell my dean, the coordinator, listen, wherever 11 goes where he goes to the left, where he goes to the right. If he goes in the slot, I'm following him everywhere on the field. I mean, that, that's just me. That, that's just me. But that matchup is gonna be very exciting on, I'm not sure if it, it will be as exciting as it was as it once was when they were with the Saint, when they with the Saints and the Bucks. But it is, it's gonna be a good matchup whenever they, whenever those two are lined up against each other and Lamore will probably be a man to man. It'll probably be a man to man. So it'll be dope. I'm, I'm really excited. I again, Evans let him off and do everything he can to get under Evan's skin.


He can do everything he can. If, if it comes to, to pushing and shoving and you know, a little hollering, a little cussing, you know, maybe it, that's fine. It's the playoffs and boy you gotta get at it. Be right. I think the thing is, I'm right in front. Mike Evans has to understand this is finality. There ain't no next week. Okay, y'all come to Tampa or we gotta go to New Orleans, you lose this game, you're going home. Right. You don't wanna lose this game because you didn't control your emotions and you got tossed and you left your teammates high and dry. Right. You gotta be smart. Yeah. You ocho you know, he going to, first of all, you know, he going to shove you, you know, he gonna to get up and try to put his, his acorns on your helmet.


You already know they gonna do stuff. Oh, I'm doing everything I can to get up under your skin and guess what? I might get up and I might clet your hand So you better ball ball your fist up because if your hand flat, I'm gonna step on. Right? Yeah. Remember, remember what I said yesterday about the, the, the NF nfl, the, the memo that the NL post Yes. But then they put out again within the game have fun within the game, understand the rules, be able to control your emotions at the end of the day. Have fun. Yeah. You, you got to have fun. You know, it's, it's still football in the day. You don't have to do anything special. It just, it's another game with implications and the stakes are a little bit higher. Yeah. That's all. And you know, Ocho, you make a play don't a don't do nothing at the sideline.


Don't, don't yeah. Don't a don't get no un sports black conduct. Don't get no taunting penalties. A a once the game over. You do all you want to do. Talk trash point. Yeah. Matter of fact, go to the middle of the field, step on the logo, do all Whatever, whatever. Do all that, do all that. But I'm not gonna do anything that's gonna potentially cost my, cost, my team 15 yards cost now all of a sudden I put 'em in field goal range, Joe. Now all of a sudden I give 'em an extra set of downs. I'm not gonna do anything like, because I do not want that burden on me. Yeah. I don't Yeah. But it's gonna be a good matchup. I don't know how healthy Marshawn Latimer is.


Mike ing is extremely healthy and I think both of these guys are looking for this matchup. Oh yeah. So it is gonna be very, very interesting to see how this thing plays out because you look, it doesn't matter if I don't like you, it doesn't matter. You went to another team. I still don't like you. It wasn't a uniform. I didn't like you. It was your monkey ass. And you know what? And, and, and those two are one of the few battles outside of Odell, Odell Beckham and, and Josh Norman. Yeah. Michael Crabtree and Nki TB and these two It's personal. Yeah, it's Personal.


They really don't like each other. When you think and just football. No, it ain't just football. Right. It ain't football. I think if they would see each other in public, you already know what time. It's, It's a situation don't you, where it's easier to have these kind of rivals when you in the same division. Right. Latimore and, and, and Tampa, you know, Latimore and Tampa are in the same division. So we saw each other two times a year. Sometimes we might see each other. Third time the Raiders in the B and the Broncos were in the same division. Right. So we gonna see your home in away. So it's easier to kind of, and that's, you know, rivalry is easy when you Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh and Baltimore, they're in the same division. Washington and Dallas, the Giants and the Eagles.


You're in the same division. Yeah. So where you going? Yeah, you right. You know what? I, I just, I forgot about another one. Were we talking about things being personal where it's outside of football? Yeah. And they really on that, listen Levi Jones, remember the left tackle? Our left tackle? Yeah. For the Levi Jones and Joey Porter. Oh, Ory man, pee got pee pee added it for everybody. Man. Listen, I'm know this. Hey they will, they worse than lamore them. They fight on the field. They see each other in the club. They, they brawling. They saw each other in Vegas. They brawling. I'm, I'm sorry. And I think still to this day, I think they haven't resolved those issues. Problem. I'm, oh come on man.


Listen, it was, it was a joy to was some boys go at it though, man. On the field. Well, Every db Smithy hat Steve Smith senior. He ain't everybody. Smith ain't like nobody. Spin, spin. He wasn't to make, he wasn't. Hey, he wasn't there to make no friends either. No. Oh No. Nah. He ain't there to make no friends. No. Nah. Smithy the same. You know what you gonna to get if he rock with you, he rock with you. If he don't, he don't and don't fluke, don't fool with it. And He gonna let you know he don't fuck with you. The Volume.


Hey, It's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Birkin type of a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Am Mers here and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.