
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine 0.99 purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months. Less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The volume.


Wow. Wow. Wow. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap the Indiana Pacers. Take a commanding three. One lead 1 31 21. Boy. What a night for Tyrese, Halliburton Pascal, aka and Benedict Backburn. They carried the pacers to a victory and their one win away. One win away from going to the NBA finals. Wild. What a ball game. I am your favorite dunk, Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bengals Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And as normal, joining us to break down, break that, break it all down. ISO Joe, Arkansas, little Rock Native University of Arkansas alum.


And he's here to tell, talk to us how Indiana was able to come back and do this. Give it up the big lead they had in game three, but they came back and basically led from start to finish the entire night and they get it done and their one win away from going to the NBA finals. Guys, please make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from every subscriber counts. We want to thank you each and everyone at at Nightcap. Wanna thank you guys for your support, your continued support because without you, there is no Nightcap. And what we've been able to accomplish in just a short amount of time is thanks to your support, your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth. Thank you very much and hopefully you continue that support.


Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock. Now if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online and we'll ship it directly to your door. But you best believe we will be shortly in a city or a state near you. It's a very special premium VSOP cognac best on the market. Try it. You will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of his platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84. That link is pinned in the chat Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Pacers beat the Knicks 1 31 21 to take a three one series lead.


They head back to MSG advanced to their first NBA finals since 2000. The first player in NBA history with a triple, double and zero turnovers in a conference finals. Tyree, Halliburton, we talked about OCHO the other night. He needed to be more aggressive. Yeah, that he was not, that was not aggressive. What he had the other night. Yes sir. Tonight he had 15 in the first court. He had 20 in the first half. I say, now this is the Tyrese Halliburton that I wanted to see in game three, but it doesn't matter. He showed up tonight. 32 points. 15 assists. 12 rebounds, zero turnover. Pascal said, ain't no fun if I can't have none, hey, let me come to the party too.


30 points, five rebounds, two assists. A steel and a block. He was 11 to 21 from the floor. Three or four from the three point line. Five or six from the free throw line. Hey, miles Turner, he had 13, but Math Run played his best game in a long, long time. In only 12 minutes. Five of eight from the floor, 10 of 11 from the free throw line. 20 big points. Ocho, we talked other night also. Joe, you weren't on. I said Ocho Look, they only had four guys with double figures. Yeah, they had five tonight and see that team. 16, 13. But you got 32 from Halliburton, you got 30 from AKA and you got 20 from Math Burn. And that was enough to overcome the 31 points that Jalen Jalen Brunson had.


Kat had another big game again, 24 points, 12 rebounds. OG had 22 mile Mikhail Bridges at 17. Josh Hark off the bench was 12 and 11, but it was not enough. The Pacers basically lead from start to finish and they just have that ability to like when the game get close to take off and make a double digit again. Yeah. Joe, what did you like about what the Pacers did tonight? Man, Ocho, I just, it seemed like the Pacers understood the assignment. Especially Halle, aka You know them. Them dudes came out. Nate Smith, they came out and set the tone early, You know what I mean? They got off to a pretty good start. I thought Ka Kat getting in foul trouble early, You know, hurt the Knicks.


But you get math coming off the bench, playing the way he's been playing the way he played tonight. He hadn't played well this series. He had not. He has not. This was a great coming out party for him. He was aggressive. Hey, I'm gonna tell y'all another thing I like about math. He kind of, he a little borderline dirty. He a little borderline. Oh yeah. Hey, hey. But I love it though, uncle Ocho, You know what I mean? Because for the Pacers, they got a lot of dogs over there, man. He came off that bench and he gave 'em everything that they needed. I thought his energy effort, You know, carried over throughout the whole entire game. And Halliburton was unbelievable. I mean, the triple not just a average triple double, that's a big dog. Triple double. Yeah. You know what I mean?


No, no turnovers. No turnover. That's a 15 assist and no turnovers. Yeah. And if you, if he got 15 assists, that means he's helping other guys get off. You know, get easy fucking, so it means he had plenty of help tonight. I thought he got off to a great start. He was, he was very aggressive today in game four versus, You know, last game three. Game three. Yep. I'm sure he heard you guys, You know what I mean? He came out with it on his mind and ultimately he controlled the game from start to finish. He's like, Hey, I got Pops back. They freed Pops Pop was in the pop was incarcerated. He, he had, Hey Ocho, he had to spend eight days in the county. And so, You know, they got him up out the county. And so now you saw what he did. He was asked after the game, whether having his dad back in the building, help them in game four.


Hell yeah. Aren, Nesmith. Remember the other night, Nesmith and, and and Nihar. They didn't play well. They, both of those guys were in single digits. Yeah. Yeah. Now you get Aren, Nesmith, he gave you 16 big points. And when you combine, 'cause they're basically, they're killing the Knicks off the bench. Yeah. You got, Mather had 20, that's 20, let's see, eight, 10, that's 30. They got 36 points off the bench tonight. When you combine the 36 points off the bench and you got a 32 point performance from Tyree. Halliburton, you got a 30 point performance from Pascal Cka. That's 62 points right there from your big guns. And you got 36 off the bench. So now if my starters give me anything, I got 16 from Naysmith, I got 13 from a, excuse me, miles Turner.


Yeah. Now you really, you really needed to have Jalen Brunson and Katz to have one of those 43 point 36 point game. Right. To try to overcome what the Pacers do collectively Ocho the, the, the, the Knicks fault. I mean, they, they got it down, they cut it down, they got it down to like five. Yeah. But then again, the Pacers could just run away with it. Listen, what do you think happened with the, with the Knicks this game? Because it seemed like they came out, tried to keep it close for as long as they could, but it just seemed like they don't have that gear that the Knicks that the Pacers Have, and they, they don't have the gear and they also don't have the consistency off the bench. Jalen Brunson has to be on point. Kat, you gotta stop with the dumb foul. You know, I'm looking at Kat, you grab, you grabbing people's arm.


You, you're down there wrestling the paint. Instead of you, you're sitting there wrestling the paint with your arm in air. Just, just reset your arm, man. Just, just reset your arm. Unnecessary fouls are being called the first three quarters. They, they did, let's, You know what, let's talk about the first half. They did what they could to keep the game close. Yeah. But towards that, that they end the, towards the end of each quarter, the God they, not only are they Nicks losing in transition towards the end of each quarter in the first half, the goddamn pacers going to goddamn run Joe. Yeah. Wanna Run the, in the goddamn quarter, third quarter, same thing in the third quarter. The God patience, they try to keep it close. The pace are going to goddamn run in the goddamn quarter and in the fourth, they did what they needed to do. But that goddamn hall burden on.


Now we just had a conversation last night, Joe, You know, we talked about superstars versus star and my dumb ass had the nerve to say he's not in the conversation with the superstars in the league based on tonight's performance, not knowing just one game. But he's been very consistent in his, in his play throughout the whole season, not just what we saw from the night. Yeah. But I think we need to have a con conversation again about Halliburton being a superstar and not just a star. I, I called him just a star last night and man, listen what he was able to do tonight, man. Aka that goddamn ni hard, You know, he contributed as well. Stress, the goddamn stress. The goddamn New York defense make it easy for everybody else offensively for the pacers to be able to, to shoot their shot to the man.


Hey, we talked, we talked about Pascal Theum in game two. He had 39 big points and then he come up a little small in game three and he is like, nah, Pascal. Now I'm not asking you to go get 39, but I will take 31. But he played, he was aggressive. Yeah, he was aggressive tonight. And that's what the Pacers need. They need, they're the first of all, your two best players need to carry you. It's really as simple as that. And then whatever we get from whatever we get from the knee Smiths, whatever we get from the Nihar, the Matt Burns and the Miles Turner. But your two best players gotta do the heavy lifting with when the Lakers, it was Kobe and Shaq doing a lot of the heavy lifting. Robert Orry chipped in. Derrick Fisher chipped in.


Rick Fox chipped in. They had a lot of guys chipping in, but the two guns got the fire. When you talking about the heat just a second Ocho. Yeah. We talk about the heat. It was d Wade and LeBron for the most part. And then we go get Chris Barco chip in, then we go get Mike Miller helping out. We'll get a, You know what a, a Rio give us one of 'em 20 point games. We need that right now. But your big guns need to fire more times than often. And again, in this ball game, that's what happened. Go ahead Ocho. You know, Joe, I got a question for you and I I got a question for you too, and those in the chat that, that understand the game of basketball that come Pascal, aka and Halliburton could look the way they did tonight, understanding that we both have to play well, we both have to be aggressive. That's the top two guns.


And then we watch the goddamn wolves last night, and Julius Randall and Anthony Edwards understanding they need to have games similar to what Pastoral and goddamn Halliburton had tonight. Why did much easier or seems much easier for AKA and Halliburton to do what they did tonight as opposed to Anthony Edwards and Julius Randall. Is, are, are we saying is the, is the Knicks that soft or that no dear of an opponent as opposed to the goddamn thunder where it seems Anthony Edwards and goddamn Julius Rams ju ramble to do what they do. And I, and I I don't, I don't know, obviously I know everybody gets paid to play the game, but when I think about Anthony Edwards, as great as he is, he should be able to do what Halliburton did tonight.


Yeah, I agree. I think Anthony ELs and Julius run, especially Anthony ELs because they corralling and trapping him so much, making him give up the ball, he gotta pick his spots a lot faster. Uncle Ocho, You know what I mean? Like, once you get a crease, you gotta go on attack because yes, they, they sitting, they, one thing they not gonna do, they not gonna let him play. So Yep, he making the right play. He getting off the ball, he getting other guys involved, but they doing what they, doing what they want as far as holding him to where he's not that effective offensively to where he's not exploding. Okay, cool. If McDaniel's gonna beat us, we gonna let him beat us. If if these other, if these other guys gonna beat us, we gonna let them, but we not gonna let you play this series.


But back to the Knicks and Pacers, I think the, the, the pace is just, it was too, it was too fast for the Knicks to start the game Go by One. They can't keep up with that pace, man. They, they look good that first half, that first quarter, second quarter. But I knew at some point it would catch up to 'em and to start the third quarter, they come out here just careless mistakes that that, that the Pacers made 'em pay for. They went on 13. Oh, run that quick. Next thing You know now they in an uphill climb. Yeah, well they don't, they don't have that type of firepower to really fight back. I know, You know, the home team hasn't played great in this series, but I just felt like the Pacers understood, man.


They, they were, they were, they were aggressive from the start and they knew what was at stake. They knew they couldn't go back to New York with no tie, with no tied up series. So they played like it tonight. Hey look, yeah, we gotta get Nate Smith a lot of credit too, man. I know we all done dealt with injuries throughout our career and when you roll that ankle on the side of that ankle sit on that floor like that, hey man, that's tough to come. That's tough to, it is compete with, You know what I mean? I don't know if they shot him up, but I thought he got off to a great start Okay, Ocho to start the game. Yeah, I thought his defense was great. That was some big threes. His defense was great on Brunson. He made shots and he was still active. He was still active on both ends. Man, the pacers look good tonight guys. They look good. They look like the team who's prepared to, You know, kind of finish this series off.


And I just, I just loved everything about it tonight. Hey, I agree. Hey, go ahead Ocho. Now you think about the length and, and, and how good, obviously I'm assuming, well I'm not sure that the Nick can come back and win this series. How, how good and lengthy the defense is for the thunder. Do you still think they'll be able to have the game of basketball, the game of runs, the transition, the the second chance points as they had against the Knicks against the thunder being that I think they're better suited, You know, the thunder matches better. The thunder match up better because the thunder got wing defenders. That's, you got Caruso, you got Dork, you got Jalen Williams.


You got Wiggins. Yeah. Right. No, you they match up much better. So, so Much better. So that answers my question that they answer my question again. And that's why Halliburton and God damn Pascal aka look the way they do against the Nicks because it's, it's somewhat of a lopsided match for them. Defense. Yeah. Okay. Well I think that also, here's the thing, the the what OKC is doing, they're not allowing Anthony Edwards to play one-on-one. Right. If you wanna play two on one, have at it, hold on. But you're not gonna play one-on-one. But, but if you go back and look at, look at what Shaa is doing. They're letting him play one-on-one. They're letting him go mcd, you got it. You our best defender, you taking one-on-one bro. He's the MVP for a weak reason.


He had the most 20, 30, 40, 50 point games this year. So you are allowing him, you are allowing the best player and the really great players all can play one-on-one. You better not let 'em play one-on-one and you better not let 'em get a rhythm early. Because if you can let 'em get a rhythm early, I don't care what you do to 'em late, you can't bother 'em. So they're already in a group, they're already in the rhythm now you see there's like, they don't look at Halliburton as a superstar, so they gonna let 'em play one on one. They gonna try to track, they, they do a enough job of getting the ball him a few times. They tried to trap him sometimes, but you see, you see how he get in that three, he let he let the three ball go. Yep. He had 12 three point attempts. Now you gotta push up on him. Now he has the ability to get, you see how he got to the rim or right by you.


So you gotta give up something. And because he had those assists, guys were knocking down shots. So they were a lot more reluctant because remember the other night, Ocho, they were five or 25 from the three tonight they was 13 to 32. So that's 40% versus 20 what? 20%? 20, 20%. So you see the, you see the big difference in that because now not only is he aggressive looking for his shot when they bring it, he knows where they're coming from. Now he's kicking and guy's getting wide open. Look threes, he did an unbelievable job tonight of running this offense. Guys did a great job of knocking down shots. This is what you go get a Pascal aka for. Yeah. This is what you, and this is what you bench, you role players, you're at home, you are expected to play well teammate TJ McConnell, hey I know he gonna give you three.


He gonna give you six. He gonna play hard. He gonna make you a play that's presented to him. But Pascal scum, 31 points five rebounds, three or four from the three point line. Only Reggie Miller and Paul George have more 30.5 rebound playoff games as a pacer. They really, really, really needed that tonight. They needed Pascal aka because you remember when they started making that run, it was him that came back in it hit that big three guys. Yeah. Remember that big three? Yeah. And it pushed the lead right back to 10. Yeah. I wonder, You know, I was, when I'm watching I'm like, I wonder why pace are still selling for all these long threes you up.


Almost you up seven. Why you keep shooting these? They Halliburton, they shot like three, three in a row. I'm like man, get to the cup man. Put, put, put the pressure on these boys. Yeah. And they in foul trouble. And I know the play you talking about they were up 13 and Halliburton came down the court and shot a 29 footer Halliburton. I'm finna break y'all back right now. Right? Yeah. Oh yeah. He trying to, he trying to go get him outta there. But You know. Yeah. After he was playing good, he was feeling good and he shot, I thought what a, what was a un ill-advised shot in the corner, You know? 'cause they had to leave. All they gotta do is take their time now. Yes. You know, keep putting pressure on these dudes because they all in foul so, and they don't want to foul. So just keep attacking And you already in the, you already in the penalty. You got 'em in the penalty.


Yeah. So there's really no need to shoot a three to shoot a three, get something going to the back. Now I saw a lot of times they call some ticky tack stuff and then there sometimes they let 'em play football. Man. I'm like well damn it's out there uncle. They went damn. Seem like, they seem like the ref choose. They pick and choose based on the momentum. Yeah. And what the game is at the time. Yeah. Wouldn't have let 'em play. Yeah. Yeah. But if you think about it on, when you think about the game of football, hell, the goddamn wrestling call the goddamn flag on every, every play. Yeah. Or Every single play. If you wanted, if you wanted to be technical. Yeah. So in in basketball you could tell exactly when the ref of letting them boys play, You know, on on both ends of the court. Yeah. I think, hey look to me this like this is the best series by far.


Yeah. This is not even close. Yeah. I mean these, this is so competitive. You don't know who's gonna win because the home teams hadn't been playing great. Nope. And the Pacers came out tonight, like I said with it on they mind knowing that man ain't no way we can go back to New York with this series tied two two. So O Obie Top hit a big three, two. Yeah. He Obie Top hit that three 'cause it was late out of Halliburton. Found him. He backed, he stepped back behind the three point line, let it go. Shot it with confidence. Yeah. And hit that three. I was like, okay. Yeah. Now they, they and they they they they very active on defense too fellas. You know what I mean? Like they getting steals. They in the passing lane. They just wrecking havoc, You know, throughout the whole game.


Even when the Knicks come down and score, they still fast breaking. Yeah. Oh yeah. The Pacers still, they beating them back down the court. Yes. I'm like, what Knicks doing? See it's such a frantic pace that the Knicks have a hard time keeping up. So they have to try to find a spot where they can rest and you can't rest on offense. 'cause them and pe not gonna let you rest. Ain't gonna let you rest because they're looking to push the ball Joe. Make or miss. Yeah. They'll take it out the net and push it or they'll get it off the, off the glass and push it. Yeah. So, but one way or another they're going to push the tempo. Yeah. And that's what, and when you're not used to playing, because look, a lot of times, You know, got a, they going, they get that ball. They getting to the head as soon as they, as soon as they possibly can because and you see what, what you call him is doing, he's trying to play more guys now.


Yeah. I see. He knows his guys is playing at that phonetic place and it's not conducive for playing a lot of minutes. You look at it now, he normally plays seven guys. He played Now I'm, I'm not counting Prince Chew the two minutes he played mild, he played nine guys tonight. Yeah. You see the diff you see now that Pacey like, and only OG played 40 minutes. Normally Mikhail Bridges playing 43 minutes. Yeah. Jalen Brunsons playing 39 to 41 minutes. You see the difference in the ball. He, Tim knows this pace and me grinding these guys, nine guys and trying to play 40 plus minutes Yeah. Is really not conducive. Yeah. Because the Pacers play, they're gonna play 8, 9, 10 guys.


Yeah. Yeah. That's who they are. That's what they've been all year. There's no reason for them to deviate from that. But I thought tonight they came out on a mission. They did not want to go back two, two the Madison Square Garden because now we really, really have a effing series. Yeah. And it says, You know what, now if the mindset you gotta have, I'm trying to end it. I'm trying to end it in MSG, I don't wanna come back. Yeah. I know everybody. Well I they want to do it in front of damn my home crowd celebrate, go go to the arena. I don't know what the arena's called. Go there, we put it up on the big jumbo tron and y'all can watch it and celebrate it. Yeah. Hey, no, I'm trying to, I'm trying to end this thing. What, today? Thursday? I think they play Thursday, so hey, I don't know. I'm trying to end it Thursday. Yeah. I don't know who the pace of strength and Additioning coach is, but he, he need a extra, he need an extra little chunk Of, he need to bump in pay, He need to bump his pay because that they, they basically a four by one team.


You know the starters go in there. They the first leg, then the bench, You know the bench come in, they the second leg All on build light. Yeah. Bianca, Halliburton, they all build a light. They miles turner, they long and Angular. Yeah. And they up and down, up and down. They ain't got no big, they ain't got no heavy set guys. No, no, no. Big body guys. Yeah. Right. And so, You know that I don't, I don't know who that GM is, but he does a great job guys that need to fit. We need guys that could And and the thing is, is that you look at, look at say Al outcome, he can defend Knee Smith. He's there to defend Miles. Turner can protect the paint. Nihar can defend re he could defend. So they got guys and they got a high flyer at o topping coming off the bench.


TJ McConnell is a pest. He's going to give you everything that he got. And like I said, they really needed this. 'cause Matt Burn has not been played. Remember he got kicked outta the game in Cleveland with the, the low blow I think. Who was that on? Oh, it was on the guy you got, they got from Atlanta. Oh yeah, hunter, hunter, hunter. Yeah. And so he got kicked outta the game. So he really hadn't had a rhythm, but he had 11 free throw attempts off the bench. That lets You know he's extremely and he only played 12 minutes. Yeah. That tells me he's extremely aggressive. Yeah, he's looking to get to the cup. He like, man, my shot ain't falling. Yeah. Let me get something easy. Hey look like somebody was in his ear and told him, Hey look man, we need you to come out here, put your head down, go to work.


And he like, I said, Hey Ocho, he hey not borderline boy. He, he, he dirty, dirty. Hey, but I though, hey, he could play on my team many days. You hear me? Hey, like, like when you, when you say dirty, you mean dirty? Like, like Dre, like Dre, Dre von. He ain't tried to hurt nobody, but he ain't tried to help nobody up. He gonna, he going, Hey, he gonna slam me to the flow and then help you up at the same time. You all hate nip. Hey, he one of there he one of there and them the worst dudes to play against because boy, they know. Yeah, he going out there. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. He don't back. He doesn't back down. He does not back down. He doesn't matter who the superstar is, who the player he's going against, he feel like he feels he belongs on the court and he's gonna play accordingly.


So it doesn't matter if it's LeBron, if it's Kevin Durant or whomever he has to guard, it does not matter to him. He doesn't let your reputation dictate how he plays the game. And that's what you could appreciate about this young man. But I thought, You know, they, they set the tempo early. Rick Carlisle has done a great job. You see the guys 30 Halliburton played 38 minutes and he played the most minute. But you got 18 minutes from topping Bradley. Tony Bradley gave you 10 minutes. McConnell gave you 19. Math friend gave you 12. Even Shepherd gave you 14 minutes tonight. Yeah.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I think if, hey, if math, if math Plays like this off the bench, I don't know if he gonna have 20 every night. He was only five for eight. I know he shot 11 free throws. They gonna be a tough team to beat on ocho. You know, if if he can, if he comes out and he competes like this from yeah, from rest of the series, man the, the sky's the limit for the Pacers now you hope your big guns, You know, continue to give you great production like they did. Right. I don't know if they going to average 30, but they can be somewhere close to it. They got so many guys who can beat you. It's just tough to play against this pacer team because they're so gritty defensively and offensively. They move the ball, they play the right way and it's hard to key on one guy.


'cause you really don't know who gonna beat you. You don't know. You don't know. Yeah. You never know because there's so many. I mean like tonight. Yeah, okay, you get 32, you get 32 from Halliburton, you got 30 from aka. But normally it's a guy in like 23 to 25 and you got 19, 17, 18, 16, 13, 12. You normally have six guys in double figure. High guy might have 23, low guy might have 12. Yeah. But you got six guys in double figures. Right. And so when you don't know well who, who they gonna get a ball to the open guy. Yeah. So who do we key on? You better pay attention to everybody. Yeah. Because everybody is a lot. And see it's, it's, it's great playing ocho. You know, look, you and I, we were pretty much always the number one receiver, the number two receivers.


But when You know that quarterback, You know what man, I know Ocho, the ocho the guy, but You know they double ocho. They gonna come to me. It's a something, it's something in you that tells you like, man, I got a real chance to get this ball. Yeah. The pacers every last one of the pacers. If you are on the court, they really believe they can get the ball. You know why though? You know why? Because that point guard, he's a pass first point guard. He always, he is Ocho when you watch, when you watch Helen Burke play on Ocho. Yeah. You watch him when he get the rebound and he get the ball, the first thing goes up is his eye. Yep. Looking up the court because he's trying to see who's open. He gonna kick it ahead. He gonna make the right play every time. And then yeah, if it's not there, he gonna come down, run his pick and roll or whatever you give him, he gonna take it.


He shot some deep threes tonight, two, three feet behind. Oh yeah. Two, three feet behind the line. I was like, hold on. But when they go in, you like, okay. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean you look at it, like I said, he got that Kevin Martin shot. It's, it's, it's not, it is not aesthetically pleasing. It is not a Steph curry. It is not damned, it's not all that room that but hey and so damn high. I'm like, sometimes the camera lose sight of the ball. I'm like, well damn. Every time he shoot a ocho just watch his follow through. When we say follow through, leave your elbow above your eyebrow. I don't care what it look like, how he get it up there, his follow through is all, it's the same every time. Every time. Every time.


Yeah. Hey, hey, hey. You know what's surprising tool about Halliburton, You know, we, we hear about what the player said, the so-called players, You know, call them, You know, kind of overrated. Yeah. Overrated. And then, and you'll watch what he's been able to do on his team from an individual standpoint. And you look at the game he had tonight to be able to be as aggressive as he was for four quarters to be efficient, to be able to facilitate, to get his teammates in balls also be able to score as well. Then the motherfucker had the nerve not to turn the damn ball over like a goddamn video game. Yep. This ain't 2K, this is actually real, this is real basketball against other elite players that get paid as well and you damn near had not a perfect game, but shit you damn near perfect as if a video game.


But He's not a turnover guy. If you go back, he's had a lot of 15 assists, no turnovers. He has a lot of double digit assists and no turnovers or low turnovers. He's not, he's not a, a heavy as a heavy turnover guy. You know, sometimes guys might have 10 assists and have six turnovers. That's not him. Yeah. He's more apt to have 10, 11 assists, one to two turnovers. Mm. If he gives three you're like, well damn hall it, what's going on? I I but go ahead Joe. I think, I think the most impressive thing Ocho is that yeah, he didn't have no turnovers but to do that against the Knicks who have long rangering guys defensive. Right. They got Yes. You know, that's impressive to go to play almost 40 minutes with zero assist and had him to have a big stat line.


Zero turnovers. Yeah. That's, that's impressive. But yes, I think Halle Bird, even when he's not scoring the ball as well, he's still taking care of the rock and making sure Yes. Facilitating for other guys. And tonight he just kind of got it going. He had everything working going to the cup. Yeah. He shot a couple mid-range jumpers. He shot them deep threes. Yep. Soto, you can't double team nobody like that because he got too many guys around him. And like I say, he's a willing passer. So that's what he want. If you double team, he gonna make the right play every time. Yeah, yeah. You know, he's tall enough that he's tall enough to see over it. Yeah, yeah. Hey, I don't, I don't Uncle Joe, I don't mean to jump the gun like this. Right. But as good as they are in transition, You know, especially offensively up and down the court and as good as the thunder are offensively as well, the long, lengthy especially defensively, it, it can be a struggle like as like as a struggle for Anthony and Julius.


How do you see the matchup? And I hate to jump the gun and, and and and jump in ahead when that series is not over. But how do you see the series playing out against the Thunder and the Pacers? Hey look, go ahead on. It's so, I mean they, they look, the Thunder got six guys that are really, really, really good on the Wing. You got Lou Dort, you got Jalen Williams, you got Wallace, you got Wiggins, you got Caruso, you got Isaiah, Joe, you got six guys that can defend that can slide one through three. So we've seen them what they, we've seen what they've done to Ant man, we've seen what they've done to Jew Ramble.


We saw them basically play a boxing one and say, Caruso, you got Yoki this team. They're more like than not. Now patients don't have a shaa. That's the difference. Shaa, you let him play one-on-one. They don't have a defender that can deal with it if you let him play one-on-one. And that's where, and that's where the Timberwolves are messing up because they believe McDaniels can deal with it and he cannot, he when a guy's in the MVP season and he's playing like he's playing. Right. Because guess what? He's always gonna stay aggressive. Yeah. At this point in time he's chunked his efficiency out the window.


Yeah. Yeah. That you guarantee though. I'm I'm, I'm not, I'm not. I'm serious. Ocho he's like the hell with this efficiency. Yeah. You dude shot 30, he got 40 points. He had 40 points, but he took him 30 shots. He said, I don't care. Yeah, you can't. He said, remember we talked about it last night, Ocho. Yeah. Only three, three things gonna happen when you aggressive. You gonna make it, you gonna miss it or you gonna get filed. Right. Yeah. Look how many times we went to the free throw line. So it, it would be a great matchup if it, if it were to happen. I let, I think it's over for the, the wolves. I think that their series ends tomorrow. They're not going back to Mil, they're going back to Minnesota.


But the Thunder will not be accompanying them. No sir. They're going back. No sir. But the Thunder's not coming with 'em. Nah, the thunder's not going back to Minnesota until maybe October, November, December of next Skip this year. That's the next time you'll see the Thunder. I don't know if anybody lives, I don't know if any Thunder player is from the Minneapolis or Minnesota area, but they're not coming back. This series is gonna end Patience. Gotta be on their best behavior. 'cause the Knicks going to going to empty the tank on you. They gonna give you everything they got. Yeah. Because all a one game at a time. A let's win this game and see what happens in game six. Right. All I'm thinking about is game five. Hold on, wait a minute.


Now it sounds like you, you, you have hope now. I know I picked the Knicks win the series, but the way things are looking and I I'm I'm kind of jumping the gun saying the series is over, but it sounds like you think the Knicks have a chance to come back. Oh, they got a chance. Look, all the games have been close. Ocho It was, it is not like, You know, it's not like the series on the other side. What? It's a 40 point win. It's a 30 point win. Right. We've only had one game that we, that we was, that we were watching in the fourth quarter. Right. We've had one game in which we were watching in the fourth quarter. And that was, that was last night. Other than that Ocho that game was over in the first half. Hey, love all the games and the game was over midway through the third quarter.


So there hasn't been any suspense, any drama, right. Any man, I don't know man. Woo. This game was go No, that was last night And that was like the last couple minutes of the ball game. Yeah. Because basically they kept him, 'em at bay. The, the thunder kept them at bay for the entirety of the game. What you thinking o Joe about the, excuse me Joe, what you thinking about the defenses for the Thunder versus this, if this were to be the matchup Indiana and OKC man, I'm, I'm, I'm probably going, I'm leaning more toward the thunder because they, they got a lot of guys that, You know, that offensively that can explode as well. But they're a little more polished I think on Ocho than, than the Pacers offensive.


They Yeah. He going, he, he may have threw his efficiency out the window. See the one thing about him, he probably don't shoot the three ball. Well Ocho, but he gonna get to the mid man, he gonna shoot this midi all night long, you feel me? Right. Right. Be to stop that unless you gonna double team him, but you ain't gonna double team him 'cause he got too many guys who can score the ball as well, You know? Right. So it's kind of hard. The pace is by who you put on him because you gotta realize SHA six seven, so if you put ne Smith on him, he's gonna be able to shoot over the top of him. You put neem hard on him, he's gonna be able to shoot over the top of him. You're probably start out, you probably gonna start aka you start aka and Miles Turner aka probably will take Chet.


Yeah. And Miles Turner will take Hartenstein. Yeah. And then you gonna probably a naysmith on him. But I'm probably, I think the, the, the check HomeBridge and aka that's going to be a tough matchup for Hung Yeah. Because You know, he's more of a perimeter P player. He's kind slippery, You know, when he plays and I feel like that's going to give home grit, You know, a few problems. Yeah. Plus aka he's not used to playing a guy that can put the ball on the floor like AKA can. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Not only can he shoot the ball, but he can put the ball on the floor. Yeah. And You know, hung is more apt. He wants to protect the paint.


Yeah. And so he's going to be playing a guy that's really not trying to play with a guy seven foot tall. He's not trying to play with his back to the basket. Yeah. He's trying to get you out of the perimeter. He's trying to drag you to the deep Yeah. Drown you out there. Yeah. So it's, I it is a very interesting matchup. But let these two guys let these two teams finish it off and then, then we can have this conversation. Kendrick Perkins doesn't think Anthony Edwards can be the face of the NBA perks. Said you gotta check the boxes when you're the face of the league. You know, we gotta have a signature shoe. You gotta do be a commercial. You gotta have highlights, you gotta have a game. But You know, if you gotta have, gotta be a role model and things outside the lines. Now if you go down the list and check all the faces, You know, you look at Bird Magic, I could have swore I don't got it said that last year and everybody looked at me ocho they killed me.


Wait, what did they say? They, they killed. I said this very same thing on ESPN and people, I said go back and look at the, I said how many of faces of the NBA weren't married? But anyway, lemme finish off. Mm. You go look at Larry Bird, magic Johnson, Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Shaq, LeBron, Steph. What did they all have in common? Mm. They were family men. They were all married with kids. But see when I said it, yeah because I'm a football player. What do You know? I just followed the game. I've been following the game a lot longer. Playing a lot closer attention. And when you go back and study the, the guys that's been the face of the league, what do they have in common?


Why is it so easy for quarterbacks? Look at the quarterbacks. Ocho go back and study the quarterbacks that been the face of the league. What do they all have in common? I told you, I told you Go back and study the NBA player Joe, what do they have in common? But see when I said it and Chad, y'all know I said it, everybody Steven, they looked at me, Molly wanted to un just like, oh. I'm like, oh my God. I'm like, bro, I'm saying, all I'm saying is just go study it. Go look at the guys that's been in the face of the league. Mm. So I'm saying what y'all, what what you think it is? It's, it's, Hey, hey, hey Joe. Honestly, You know what? I think it is what? I think it's unwritten rule. Joe. You, you married right Joe? Nah, I ain't married O Joe.


I mean listen, but still you, you he Got, he married. He just ain't got the paperwork. But he married. But go ahead Joseph. Hello. Alright. But if, if, if, if you look, if you looking at things are going in your life, Joe. Yeah. You understand God has blessing you. Huh? You know, for, for some reason things are always going right when you have stability, when you have a foundation to bill on. Right. Hey, when you talk about the football players, it ain't no goddamn coincidence. All the ones that are married or engaged. You notice how life is going. I'm not talking about off the field. How about off the field? Everybody ain't just named that's married. What Kenrick Perkins said and you saw, hey, let me put my god damn ring on. Shoot. But anyway, Ocho before you go any farther.


Yeah. Who, what quarterback just got engaged last year about to get married? He up in Buffalo. Oh, Josh, Josh Allen and what? Patrick Mahome. What did Patrick Mahomes you want? Yo Man, it's not a coincidence. Huh? But not only are they good at, not only are they good at their craft, but What did Tom Brady go do? Ocho what did Peyton Manning do? Ocho Yeah. Hey, Elway Marino. Go back and study it. The only guy, the only guy that you can definitively say, and I don't know if he was ever to face a lead with Joe Namath at the quarterback position. Hey, but Joe was a player. Joe was a player. Roger sta Roger Staubach says, Hey, I just, hey.


I'm just like, but I just like one. I got one woman. Hey listen. So okay, I I can see it eliminating the distractions, You know, things of that sort. But what is it? Right? Yeah. What is it Joe? You not gonna be able to get that because the people looked at, what did Tiger look at? What did Tiger do? He went and got married, didn't he? Yeah. Yeah. What did Tiger do? He went and got married and when everything came because he sold family, he sold security. Mm. That's what he sold. And when it didn't happen, everybody was up in arms. It wasn't that each, but it's what you sold us. Yeah. You sold us. It's called stability. Mm.


That's what you're selling. That's stability. That's, That's, Well listen, a guy that, a guy that got a wife and got kids now see you might say, well hey, I know I saw him X, Y, and Z, but the general public might not ever see him. Yeah. They see every time he does an interview, he got his door, Steph Curry. When Steph Curry was started going to the playoffs and they go in the NBA tell who's sitting on, who's sitting on that desk with him, who's right there beside him when he doing the interview. Lil O' Riley. Yeah. Yeah. You y'all remember that? Yeah. And, and his wife Aisha in the tunnel gave him a kiss. Yeah. You see that? A a okay, Ocho. I don't, it ain't too late for, for, for ae. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. But I'm, I'm saying he's at the, he's at the tender age of 23 ocho.


Oh, he, he at the 10 day, he, he still got some time. Yes. I keep forgetting Ed. Only 23. Yes. There. And look, he, he, he, he done took his, his lumps and bruises throughout, You know, the NBA seasons, the, the Postseasons. He's been through, he's been through some wars. You know his Yes. Time will come. They they played great basketball, but yeah, they still got a little growing to do. Who they, who they talking about be Hold on Ocho. Who they talking about being the face. Tell the people at home Ocho FGA tell 'em what his status is. Is he checking a single box or he checking the married box? Tell him which one he checking Ocho He married. Absolutely. He's, he's absolutely, I ain't know that.


I ain't know that. What About Nico Yoic is he married? He ma he married too. What about Luca? Is he married? Everybody? Hey, I, I'm going. I'm, I'm well listen, I'm going to get me some stability. Go back and look at LeBron ocho. You ready to jump that broom, ain't you? Oh boy. Why Ain't glad boy, Jerry, what? January. Matter of fact, I'm getting on my, on my birthday. When your birthday? January 9th, 1968. Yeah, That's the same. This same birthday. My son, bro, for real, my son 18 just graduated high school this year. Yeah. He January. Hey Birthday that, hey, that's my dog. Tell my dog tell my birthday dog. I say, what's happening man?


I'm tell him, but I got to watch y'all though, boy. Y'all sneaky boy. Ooh yeah. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, me. Would you A Capricorn? Yeah, but Capricorn, I hope I listen. Signs don't, don't really identify everybody that's born in that month. That really, that's really, I'm Not saying, I'm saying, I'm not saying all of it pertains to you. They ain't everything they got on that. But y'all got a lot of similarities. And there we go. There we go. There we go. Nah, Nah, no, because I listen, I don't, I don't, I'm not into signs. I don't know much about signs. You know, I, I hear from time to time when you meet people, but I get along with everybody. Everybody loves me regardless of what sign they are. Yeah. I just, I don't, I don't understand. I'm, I'm, I'm nothing like what they say.


Capric forms are like, I'm a good dude and I'm just looking for some, Hey, I'm Not saying, I'm not saying you. I ain't saying you, we ain't saying you a bad dude. I ain't saying you made good, dude. I Think you a good Dude. Yeah, I'm, yeah, I'm a good man. I'm a good dude. I'm a good dude. Yeah, Buddy, we gotta watch you. Yeah, I, I'm, I'm a Haw, but I, but I do, I, I know a guy said this and I, I listed all the guys, a lot of the guys, that perk name I listed those guys. Yeah. That, that's what happens when you let a football guy talk about basketball. Now there's a basketball guy. See they are, look, obviously it touched the nerve. I'll just go back and look at the face of the NBA and tell me and tell me what they were. Take football aside, tell me what the guy, any, tell me the guy that's been the face of the NBA that did not show display stability.


Tell me the guy, Hey y'all, I'm with you when you, right. Yeah. Hey, do you Think, you think Anthony Evers could be the first one to change that? Boy, hey, there's family value, there's morals, and some people just don't, I mean, it's diff It's different. It's different. Yeah. Yeah. There it is. But they say the problem is a lot of people, they said, Hey, they're trying to destroy the nuclear, the family, nuclear. You know, I mean, listen, everyone operates at a different frequency. Huh? Everybody. Okay? You can operate that. You just can't be facing npa. You could operate that. It's okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You right, you're right. Right. And that's, and, and I think that's a large part of why he doesn't, right. Because he doesn't, I don't want to do that.


I still want to go to my little dives hole in the wall. Y'all don't see me. I got my shades on. Right. I've took been to cut. I, I don't want all that. I don't want all of that. That comes along with being, because now you got people, now you got people really out there trying to, In your, in your business, Trying to lift the covers up so they can show the world what you really doing, and then let the cover fall back down on you And him only, and, and, and only being 23, you have to move. Yeah. You're 23. Hey, hold on. Aren, you, you got the move. Completely different. Yes. Completely different. Once you cross that line, open the marriage into having stability, and you have to, at that age, with that kind of money you going to No. And most of, and most of the guys that we Talking, he live in Atlanta too, huh?


Yeah. No, Not going. And the pro, and the thing is though, a lot of these guys, LeBron knew Savannah since they were Oh, that 14. Steph knew Aisha when they were teenagers. Yeah. Magic knew Cookie. Steph met not, excuse me, not Steph. Kobe met Vanessa his first to second year in the NBA. Yeah. Early. He's 19, early, say 18, 19. She's a senior in high school or a junior in high school. Man. An man is 23. Yeah. You gotta realize Kobe is 19. Ant man is 23. He meets somebody. He's like, okay, this it for me.


I, I, Hey, I met mine. Got it. Yeah. How lo Magic was dating cookie in college. Yeah. Mm. So It's a, it's a different time now. If, and, and it's hard. It's getting harder and harder to date and needs to date and date because it's because you don't know. Yeah. You don't. But I, I, for me, looking at it from a distance and studying the NBA like I have, and looking at faces of the NBA, go back and look at the guys at the, that was the face of the NBA and look at their, their home situation. Yeah. Now, Hey, Joe, I want you to watch, right?


See, I want you to pay attention to people in the chat. I want you to pay attention to the difference in our cups. All our cups are running over right now. Everything is going good. Everything's going smooth. Now, I want you to, I want you to see how life changes for your boy in 2026 when he crossed that broom. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. I want you, I want you to see how life changes for me. Now, what I want you to do is I want you to pay attention. Now, remember I told you this. You told me it's May, it's May 27th. Yes. 2025. When I jumped in that room after my birthday, I want you to see how life changes exponentially. And I want you to follow suit right behind me To dumb my aunt. Yeah.


Yeah. I, he gonna, he going to do, he gonna jump the room. Matter of fact, we gonna jump the same time. Hey. Hey, Ojo. It's time for him to put it up. He got to put it up. Hey. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because listen, we need to listen. We need to be, we gonna, we gonna be on the right track, right? Okay. Yeah. We gonna be on the right track. So I'm, I'm gonna go ahead and take a lead and I'm gonna start it off. It's gonna be like dodge ball. It's gonna be, yeah. Shit. You ain't got time to play. Boy, shit.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


Made for This Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles, break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that. May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully. If all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is Up. Listen to, made for This Mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment, and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Charles Barkley also chimed in on the face of the league. Hey, ESNI love you guys. Don't try to make Ad Man. He said Anthony Edwards, but don't, like, don't, don't try to make Anthony Edwards the face of the NBA. There's a face of the NBA. It's Shea Gils, it's Nicole Yoic. It's Giannis. You can't give it to people. They have to take it. And SGA is taking it right now. Yeah, he is, man. But I mean, and look, once somebody tells you so, I mean, and manona that, that's not what I want. Right? Yeah. And it's like the more, the more he says he doesn't want it, the more people try to bestow it upon it. But You know why, You know why? It has nothing to do with, You know, forget I'm not, obviously people are gonna say, oh, look how he's playing now listen, he has this as good as he has personality, he has charisma, he has charm.


He has everything that you have. Yes. As good as X year is, he still doesn't have that it factor That Ann has. He just doesn't. As great as he is, Joe, He's box Office. I just think it's hard for, for a, a foreign born player to be the face of the NBA. I just do. Yeah. You Think, you think You know where, where you think that has anything to do with it. You think No, a little bit smidge Is, it'd be the same thing you think. Do you think an American born player can be the face of, of football, European football, soccer? Yeah. Oh, that's impossible. You would have to be a, See, That's that would, that would, that would, that would be damn near impossible.


But I mean, no disrespect. Impossible. Let's give my in, man. Get, give Inman a little time, man. Yeah. He, we still at a tender age, we Yeah, 23 bad ain't no, ain't 20. It, it takes a special type of something because mo because you gotta go back and you go back and think like magic was 20. Yeah. When he came into the league, he won, he won the championship bird, all those other guys. But normally, You know, guys were guys were 22, 23 when they was getting to the league, don't you? Yeah. And so now guys are one and done. You asking an 18, ain't no 18-year-old about to get married. No. 19-year-old. Hey, look, because you living the American dream, this is something that you've dreamed about since you was a kid.


Yeah. Now that you get to this point, especially at a, at a young, young age, 1920, man, you ain't trying to be tied down. You trying to go out, tie Down. You got, you gotta be mentally, you have to be mentally prepared. You gotta be mely ready for that because it's, Oh, I Think you gotta come from like, you gotta have parents that were married. You have to been been. So, I, I think, I think if you was raised in a household and your parents have been married, I think it's a lot easier because look, okay, Ocho all my partners I grew up with. Yeah, Man, listen, they all married, but they all, all they parents, they've all been married since we were kids, bro. Yeah. I'm the only one grew up in a single parent household.


Right. You know what I'm saying? But my closest homeboy, my closest homeboy, they, they, they married. But You know, it, it also come down to actually finding someone actually you can marry though. There, there's a difference. It's not, we ain't talking about just aesthetics, You know, I'm talking about someone of substance outside of just looks. So actually finding someone to marry is, is, that's difficult. That's also difficult. I, I come from a, I come from where of a one parent, You know, household. I didn't do things the traditional way, but I do actually value marriage and, and want that. I want that stability. Especially at my, at, at old age after being out. Yeah, for sure. In the streets. Hey young, You know, Joe, after being out in the streets for so long and understanding what's out there that I'm saying, there's nothing wrong with that.


Ain't Nothing I Do. But it's an investment where you get no return. Yeah. I don't care how much you spend and I don't care who you spend it on. Yeah. It looks good. It's aesthetically pleasing. It's good to, to be able to be someone sponsored for a while, but it, it gets you nothing in return. Well, Also nothing. Well, also you gotta understand, you gotta understand the things that you've experienced and been through, You know, you, I mean, you, we, we in our forties now, so, You know, our thought process a lot different versus I'm here to ward 60. Keep talking about that. I'm, I'm in my fifties, but Go ahead. Imagine when you was 20, 21, 22. Boy, look, they probably couldn't tell you nothing At, at all at I did.


No, no disrespect at all. At all. Because it is not, I didn't view it that way. So to even tie myself down or even think about having the discipline to do it at that age, it would be Joe, it'd be impossible Joe. It'd be, but, and hell to this point, even, even, even today, it's still been almost a struggle. Yeah. But it, but my discipline has gotten much, it gotten much, much better now that I know what the FI want. Right, right. Different people. You experience d people differently and d different people that you meet bring different sides of you out. And when you meet the right person and you are like, well God damn, this is different.


Yeah. Damn, I ain't gotta go through this no more. Well, shit, if this is how it's supposed to be, well, well, it's easy for me to stop doing this because this is what I have here. Absolutely. So it's, it's hard to get people to understand like, well, damn, I actually can do this shit because I got this. I, I mean, I'm speaking, I'm not speaking for me in general. I'm just speaking in general. If you have the discipline to be great at one, at a sport and you pour into it, then you can also have the discipline to be great in other areas in life too. In all aspects of life. Absolutely. You, you, You know what I mean? Yeah, I agree. It's been, it's been a, a good, a good easy journey for me.


There had been some ups, there have been some downs. You know, I, I had things that I thought were good that didn't work, but it it's still, still cordial. Yeah. You know, You know, might steal my dog and Yeah. You know, just, you going to, going to something new and, and you try to, you try to flower that, you try to flower that and, and, and, and hope it blooms the way it should. Right. I get you. Oh, hey, aren't we all off topic? My bad. What y'all was talking about? I mean, oh man, we talking about the marriage thing, Ocho. Oh yeah. Well, look, every, my, my grandmother and grandfather was married. Every last one of my uncles were married. All of my aunts was married except one brother's married.


My sister and I are not, my mom was married obviously to my dad. And then they got a divorce and she got remarried. I'm trying to think. Burns is married, bucket is married. Hmm. You ever get something? Huh? See it? Huh? Hey, hey. The funny thing about it, look, listen to everything you just said right now. Right. See, the knock is at the door. All you gotta do is answer. All you gotta do is answer. Now I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna take that leap of faith for you. I'm gonna start off, okay. You know, I'm gonna let you have it then. Okay? I, but I, You know, I'm, I'm, I'm play close attention to you. I'm gonna study you, I'm gonna study, I'm gonna study you, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna let lemme be an apprentice.


Right. Right, right, right. I got you. You Got you. I got you. I said matter of fact, I'm, I tell you what I tell you what, I'll do one better, Joe. I do one better for him. Right Chad, when you decide to follow in my footsteps in the steps of God and finding stability in a good foundation to continue to build on what you already have going on, which is phenomenal by the way. But the thing I told you, a house is not a home until a woman get a touch on it. Mm. I told you that. I don't care what you gotta go. I know things are great, but I'm gonna pay your 5,900. We decided to jump that broom. Oh, whoa, whoa. Well you not finna put that stipulation on beach, but you gonna pay me my money and I get married.


I got a bull job with that. Yeah. Oh man. Hey, that's cold. That's some cold work there. I'm gonna pay you your money once you decide, once you decide to decide to take that step, boy, Hey Work Boy. Hey, I'm just playing. I just playing. I'm just playing. I'm gonna get it. I'm, I'm, I'ma get, I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it to you up, but what, what? Hey, what, what the day is today? 27th. Huh? 27th. It's Tuesday. Yeah. Yeah. You know, my month of my month of June, I ain't really got nothing to do. I ain't really got no, I took care of my overhead. You know, I, I paid man June and got it out the way.


So I don't really need nothing. So I got extra left over. I can, I so appreciate that about that Too. You So just scores has started this week about how this thunder team could be even scarier no matter what's happening in this playoffs. Thunder, we'll be adding Serbian Star Cola yo pitch to its rotation next season. Yo pitch was the number 12 pick in the 2024 NBA draft it picked that OKC got from Houston in the 2019 Westbrook trade. But Ypi had a torn ACL and would miss his entire rookie season. And that scared away. Most teams except OKC, before the injury, the six inch Ypi was viewed as a top five prospect as a Playmaking, point guard CBS sports.


Mark Draft had him as high as number two. At one point next season, he'll finally make his NBA debut. Man. OKC got a lot over there. Okay. Ocho, I don't know how they gonna keep all them guys together. They not. They got because, You know, hey, that now, because You know what you call can sign four for two ninety four or he can wait five for three 80. Jaylen Williams gonna want to get paid. Chess gonna wanna get paid. I mean, I, I like this guy because now you got somebody that's gonna handle the ball when, when shade's on the bench. If he's what, what they say he is, we, You know, see, but it's gonna be, it gets hard man.


It gets hard OCHO because when you start winning, people come, start raiding your head house. Yeah. They want, they want, they want your chicken that's been laying these golden eggs. That's a good one. And that, and that's, and that's what happens if you see it in football all the time. You see what happens eventually, Philly's not gonna be able to keep all these guys those great defensive players. I think now you play Ja, you play Jalen Carter, whatcha gonna do with Jordan Davis? Hey, what gonna do, what you gonna do with Cooper Deja? What you gonna do with Brother Mitchell? Whatcha gonna do with them Mocho? Yeah. I don't, okay. Ocho, when you winning everybody, everybody eats. So you have to go into the luxury tax. Gotta take care of these guys. Just like if Boston would've won this year, man, they wouldn't have been, they wouldn't have cared about paying those dudes.


They go, they gonna break that thing up. O Joe. Yeah, now they are. Yeah, now they are. But just, but I think even they had won. I think they break it up. You can. So because you got two, you got, think about it, you got two guys making over 300 million. You got break about it, you got Derrick White and you got holiday making well over a hundred million. You got Al Horford probably making 35 to 38 million and you got Pinga. Right. I think, I think if they, if they had a chance to win it this year off, I think they willing to go into the luxury tax and pay that. It's just like OKC. If they win it this year, they gonna have to go into the luxury tax. Now they gonna have to pay them dues. But I heard the thing, see, and I, because I, I'm looking at the Lakers.


The Lakers had the same situation they wanted in 2020 and broke the whole thing up. I don't know what that was about. I don't know. Right. I don't know what that was about. They had a, they had a great team. I know it was in a bubble, but they had a great team and if them do, I Think you gotta bring it back just to see if you can repeat. I agree. So it makes, I Think you, it makes you wonder like was there something more to it than just basketball? You know what I mean? Yeah. We'll never know. Carmelo Anthony and PG Paul George aren't convinced that Giannis will ask to be traded from Milwaukee despite the rumors surrounding his uncertain future with the organization.


Giannis is that old cut era that that old era cut. I think he wants to stay in Milwaukee his whole career. That's what PG said. He ain't going nowhere. Giannis built Milwaukee. Nah, I absolutely not that, that, that matters. That matters. Not that matters not, I understand. PG and Carmelo obviously very Respectful. Good fr good friends of mine. But honestly, honestly, he's not, he's not going back because it is gonna be the same thing every year. The man wants to win, the man wants to contend for another title again. No, he doesn't wanna, he don't wanna lift the heavy load every single night. Every Single type. He, he's further away now than what he was when he won his title.


Absolutely. Yeah. Guess why I don't see him going back? That's the problem that you're up against is that guess what? You see all these guy, what if Shay gets one this year? Atu already got one. I mean, you're not worried about Steph and LeBron and Katie 'cause they've already done their, their, You know, next couple of years they're gonna be on their way out. But what about, okay, so he ain't going nowhere, at least for the next year or two. How do, if, and we talked about this last night, Joe, let's just say they bring it back. Dam's not playing next year. Right? So even if he goes back to Milwaukee, they're not better than the Knicks. They're not better than the Cavaliers.


They're not better than the Pacers. And I'm not so sure is that they can beat Boston, right. With the roster that they have with just Giannis. So now at best case scenario, oh, if Orlando, if Quero and F Ner stay healthy Yeah. Gonna be pro they're not better than them. So if best case scenario you filter six. Hey look, I think, I think Giannis will always say the right things. Yeah. Because he don't like, he don't want that blow back. Nah, I, I don't everybody gonna say the right thing Joe, since they saw what happened to LeBron, everybody gonna say, oh yeah, I want to be here. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Because at least LeBron played his contract out.


Yeah. See LeBron is one of those guys he never asked to be traded. We play his contract out and people hold him to the same standard. They guys that be asking for trades. Right. LeBron is never asked to be traded. Right. Played a contract out his time. Contract was up in Cleveland. He went to Miami, contract was up in Miami. He went back to Cleveland, contract was up in Cleveland, he went to la. So you gotta think about it. LeBron is damn near as much time in LA as he did his last stint in, in Cleveland. And when he went well went to Miami. Right. Yeah. Hey look, I can see young, I, I don't know how he gonna do it, but I just see Giannis moving this summer on.


Okay. With Joe. I can't see him coming, going back to Milwaukee trying to do all that heavy lifting by himself. It's gonna be tough. It's gonna be challenging. 'cause they can't bring nobody in helping. No. Outside of what they already have. They can't bring nobody else in Now and the second best player's injured. But can you imagine if Giannis gets traded to a team to how I say the Mavericks or the Rockets or You know, whatever the case may be to where Golden State gonna try to make a run for him. Oh man. Can you imagine like he gonna have to still do some heavy lifting, but it ain't gonna be nothing like this. Yeah, it ain't gonna happen a whole lot of heavy lifting if he got stuff on his team.


Ooh. Yeah. I I asked you, I asked you that last night. Huh? You know where, where's the scenarios where he could go, where the situation would be different than what it is with Milwaukee right now? Well, you gotta break, first of all, Steph is healthy. Dame is not, they they, they play different types of game. Yeah. Steph is perpetual motion. He's gonna get a lot of wide open looks because you gotta, you, you gotta build a wall to keep Giannis out. The paint. Yep. Paint. And then when Jannis kicked, because you saw he average six assist, he's getting better as a passer. So the thing is he's just gonna have to get a lot of teams because teams going straight up.


They're only a handful of teams that could OKC, Brooklyn, Houston Rockets, they're really the only team that have the draft capital. Houston have the draft capital and the players K Theoretical. You could package sh go. Huh? Oh the Spurs. You got the Spurs definitely have the capital. So they're the only handful of team that have draft capital and players. Huh? That's not fair. You can't, you can't put Wim and God Gianni together man. Hey, hey, life ain't fair partner. Yeah, exactly. Come on Man. Life ain't fair. You put them on a team, boy. Listen, you gonna be number for show For show and and what?


Yeah and what, what pick what pick the Spurs got. What do pick Spurs? They got the two, spurs got the number two pick. So you got a a big dime draft. They got plenty other draft picks. I don't know if they're gonna be willing to part with ca obviously Stephan Castle and Wind I would think would be, but anything else, I mean you got Fox, you gonna have to, you probably gonna have to get off Castle. You okay? Okay. If you got Fox. Yeah. Yeah, you got Fox and I forgot Fox was there. You got, so you got Fox, Wendy Giannis. Yeah Man, you sure Ocho? Wait, Darien Fox? Yeah, Dion Fox is there.


Hell no. That's not fair. Nah, ain't that ain't fair. That ain't fair Because Milwaukee gonna want some star power back and they have before canceled. He's proven, You know, he just won a rookie of the year. So they gonna want, they gonna want some, they gonna want somebody who's gonna pack a punch and I want him, I want a proven player. I want a couple of proven player. I might take Vassel and then Kelvin Johnson too. Yeah. And I want that number two pick and a couple of other picks and some pick swaps. Hey, hey for Giannis it's worth it because let me tell you. Yeah, I think if he plays with some some other great talent, he will be more of a willing passer versus You know, I know he'll still be downhill, but I think he'll be more reluctant.


You know, I think he'll pass a lot more versus just driving in there, You know, just trying to get fos and things of that sort. He a cheat code man. He is a cheat code for sure. Yeah. Hey, I told six 11. Seven six. Yeah. Six 11 what? Yeah. Six 11 Moving like a deer out there. Huh? You ready man? And listen, the volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Kassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.