
You're listening to an iHeart podcast


Every year, brands pour $32.5 billion into influencer marketing and most still have no idea if it's working. If you're tired of chasing likes and guessing at results, it's time for Jive, PR and digital. We're the agency that turns influencer engagement into real, measurable sales. Our clients see a 50% lower cost per acquisition than with traditional ads. And every dollar is tracked from first impression to final sale. No more wasted budgets, no more guessing. Head to jive pr digital.com to see if your brand is a fit


In honor of military appreciation month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, Giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindi at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift cards sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with auto paid plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply


The volume. Wow. Wow, wow, Joe. I can use seven more. I can use six more games like this. If we get six more games like this, I won't be disappointed. Thank you guys, ladies and gentlemen, for joining us for another excuse me episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. My partner and co-host is having technical difficulties. So we gotta go right now. And I got Arkansas Little Rock Native University of Arkansas alum.


But number 10, pick in the draft ISO Joe Joe Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for joining us right after this game to hear us talk basketball. The Indiana pacers down by as many as 14 points late in the fourth quarter. Put on a furious rally, come back and take the game in overtime. 1 38 to 1 35. Tyrese Halliburton was sensational tonight. Also, Aren Neese milk was really, really good. He was great. Every this game lived up to what we thought a a a a final, an Eastern conference or a Western Conference final should be.


This was it. And if we get six more games like this, regardless of who won, I think everybody will be happy. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Poitier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. VSOP Shaa by Shaa by La Porter is A-V-S-O-P is a premium cognac. I promise you it is the best tasting cognac on the market. Please direct responsible and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. That link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last.


Joe, this game was unbelievable. I I down 14, I mean, I think there was down as many as 10 with like two, two minutes to go. I was like, well, hey, lemme go and change outta my, my workout little stuff and get ready to go down there and do Nightcap. And I come back downstairs and it's 1 23 to 1 21 and Ka at the free throw line. Yeah. I was like, okay, KA. Make both of these. They got an uphill climb, he missed one. Oh, now we gonna play a free throw game. We gonna play a free throw game, Joe. That's what we about to do. Yeah. Hey, I ain't gonna try to get it all back in one shot. I'm gonna see how y'all handle pressure. And boy, this was unbelievable. Ball game Pascal, aka 17 points, Aren Smith, 30 points, miles Turner, 14 points.


Nihar 15 points. Tyree Halliburton was sensational tonight. 31 points, 11 assists. They won this game because they took care of the basketball. Yep. They had seven turnovers in an overtime game total. So four quarters of basketball plus five minutes of overtime. They had seven turnovers. Jalen Brunson alone had seven turnovers. And that was the difference in the ballgame. They've gotta do a better job of making no free throws. Also, they was 28 or 40, so in other words, they got to the line 40 times and they only cashed 28 times. Joe, you watched this game and I know look, and I'm like, damn, y'all gotta stop something in there. 'cause I thought I was gonna be able to have to come on the show Joe and say, any it Joe, they gotta stop something.


Yeah. They can't let Kat go get 35. Let Brunson get 43. Let this guy do this. They say, oh, well watch us. And when they needed to make plays late in the ball game, they made every play, they made every right pass. What is it that the Pacers did in the last two minutes of the game and in overtime that they were able to go on the road, be down as many as 14, late in the fourth down by nine with like two minutes to go and win this ball gate. Oh man. What, what a hell of a game. A hell of a game. I thought the Pacers have done what they've done pretty much this entire postseason when they've been counted out. You know, they got guys who step up still playing.


Yep. Aspiration basketball down the stretch. I think Nay Smith was the player of the game to me, man, the way I do too. The way they were down, he was still playing hard fierce. And he shot eight for nine from three, I don't know, four four from the free throw line. Yeah. Yeah. Four for four from the free throw line, eight for nine for three. I'm not sure you gonna count on that every night. But tonight he was special and he gave them that lift that they needed, but they got contributions from some of everybody. Look at that bench, TJ McConnell come in and he don't get no drop off. Like he's not gonna hurt you. He gonna help you in every facet of the game. And I thought, man, they were just relentless down the stretch even to start the game.


I thought they came out ready to play. They pick, I ain't know we was watching the NBA or the NCAA, the way them dudes picking up full court. They picking up, they picking up full court the entire game. And I guess they whole, their whole idea is to wear Brunson down to wear the Knicks down because You know, they only gonna play about seven guys and any people are throwing about eight, nine dudes at you who are all dogs and they coming in and they getting all the straps. It was a beautiful game tonight, man. I know everybody in New York is Yes, they sick. They sick. I I hadn't seen the Knicks fans this sick maybe since Ice tray did what he did. Yeah, it got quiet in there night, man. It got quiet in there when you could hear, you could hear, you could hear rat peeing on cotton.


Hello? I'm talking about the bell up. That's how quiet it was. Yo. I was like, good god about it. Hey, and then when Halle Bird hit hit the hit the ridge and the choke joint at the end. Yeah. And, and he was still on the line. I said, oh yeah, he know he gotta come out and play hard now. He done, he done, he done had a little, little, little early Celebr celebration. Yeah, he had, yeah. Yeah. I was like, oh yeah, they got this one. And I came, I celebrated as like at at at Ashley Shell, like, it was a two point. I say, dude, no, no, he's behind the line. It said no. I said, ah, this band don't pull the K de odors. Hey, but look, you look how they gained they composure in that overtime and it still came out and put they mark from the game, bro. Hey, look, we might look up unc, this Indiana team could be in the finals.


This is what I was talking about. Yes. Because they so unpredictable because they got guys like Nay Smith who you may not count on to give you 30 every night, but he won you a game tonight. So the next night it might be somebody else. It could be Pascal Theum, You know what I mean? It could be somebody. Yeah. So, so they got a multitude of, of cats who are willing to step up, who take their challenge and they competing at the highest level. I thought the Knicks played great. You know, Brunson Inc. You got four, you got 15 or 25 from Brunson, 43 points. You got level of 17 from Kat, 35 points, 12 rebounds. Come on. Now you, I mean, you got 16 from og, you got eight, you got 16 from Mikel Bridges, you got eight, 13, and seven with a steal from a Josh Hart.


I mean, well damn, they, they played, they playing. Yes. When they played well up the win, they had the game in their hands, but it seemed like laid down the stretch. They was having these mental latches where they were almost turning the ball over, but they kept getting away. I'm like, hold on, Indiana gonna make 'em pay for this. And they just kept throwing these little, little lackadaisical passes and, and end up getting these turnovers. Man, Indiana is relentless, bro. They they are, they are team and, and they ready, they ready for the moment down the we. And we've seen this from them in three games down the stretch against Cleveland. They find ways, just like we saw the Knicks do this down the stretch against Detroit. We saw them do this down the stretch against Boston.


And in c in Clutch moments, they find ways to win. They make the right pass, they hit the big shot, they do everything right. They get still, they play pass in lanes. I mean, look, both teams, I was like, Jalen Bruss was 15 or 25. Kat was 11 or 17. But Nicks, this is what y'all known for. Y'all known for defense. Y'all let Tyrese Halliburton go 1223. Y'all let Nihar go six to 10. Y'all let Miles Turner go six of 11. Aren Naismith missed four shots. He was nine or 13. Eight or nine from the three. The only guy that really shot less than 50% that played heavy minutes was really Pascal. Aka Yeah. Seven to 16.


Other than that, they shot 51% from the floor. Now this is what, look, we know Indiana can play defense and they played it really good down the stretch, but they're a team that wanna get it out the net or get it off the rim. Yeah. But they wanna push, they'll give you, they'll give you a basket to get a quicker basket because they want the tempo, they want, they want tempo. And they know, ooh, this is easy, this ooh, oh, we, yeah, this easy. The next thing You know, you in a track meet and they you same boat and you not Yeah. Because they gonna give you some easy ones, some good looks that's gonna seduce, that's gonna seduce you into playing that style of play. Yes. And next thing You know, look, we got a hundred thirty eight, a hundred thirty five point game. This is what the patients want.


They don't Think you can Yeah. With this pace, Nicks, Nicks, this is not the the pace the Knicks wanna play at or need to play at. Look, you gotta slow this tempo down. I mean, and you look, you got 69 points at the Hal that's right up, that's right up the, the Pacers alley. They want a, they want a, they want a 65, 75 halftime pace. It was Right. They want to, they want to get up and down. Yeah. And, and when you play that style, you need to be very, very careful because I don't know if that's what you are equipped to do. And that, look Kap played phenomenal tonight. I thought J Bronson played phenomenal. I mean, both teams played really well tonight. Now they called some ticky t stuff early but late in the ball game.


They did not want the Knicks to lose. Nah. That was a and one on top. It was McCab ran just hit him. He got him in the champ and he hit him on the arm and on the shoulder. Definitely. And they didn't call it that was a man was, that should have been a chance for him to go to the line and have a four point lead. I agree. I agree On the rebound they up. But you pull the band down again. I was like, damn, you pull the band pan down and they're like, Hey, play a Mitchell Ry. That's my got Mitch a They're like, play on. I'm like, well damn, y'all ain't gonna call no foul. Right. Hey, this play out basketball. Hey, another thing I will say, because Indiana's so deep, and remember I've always talked about that guy, at least six guys who average double figures in the playoffs.


Yep. This doesn't surprise me that Nate Smith had a game like this. What, what what what I was really concerned about the Knicks was down the stretch. You see how them shots kept coming up short. You had the legs gone. Yeah. Them legs gone because you done played at this tempo that you ain't necessarily accustomed to playing it every night In Indiana, this is what they do because they don't really have guys who playing 45, 42 minutes a night. M So this was a up and down game and You know, and, and, and in, in, in favor of the Pacers and Wow. It, it didn't disappoint, man, when he hit that shot, I was like, oh my God. I, but I, I said, I was like, man, hey, when it hit and we're straight up in there, I said, watch this thing go in.


I was like, yeah, Joe, I, I said, watch this thing go. I told Shelly, I said, Shelley, watch this. Go in. And she, she started screaming because it, it, I was like, oh my goodness. There's a difference walking on the treadmill for 45 minutes versus jogging or sprinting on the treadmill for 45 minutes. And you see the paces are used to sprinting on the treadmill. Yeah. So you sprint for 45 versus a team that Oh, oh, I exercise, I get my exercise in. Okay. Yeah. It's kinda like what, when I tell people like, look, you can do lift, lift weights, and then you can do cardio. But when you combine the two mm, that's when you can see somebody cardio capacity.


Yeah. Because I'm combining. I'm more forcing you to use your strength, your muscles, and I the other muscle that heart. Yeah. So if you notice, sometimes you get guys that are really strong and you can get, so you can find someone that's really good at cardio. But when I combine the two now, like, oh damn. Yeah. And that's what the, that's what the pacers want you to do. They want you to, they want you to get up and down. Yeah. They want you to try to say, oh man, we about to get 130, we about to get 140. Amen. We've seen the Knicks, we've seen the Pacers a couple of times this year. Get one 40, get 150 points in regulation. You gotta be careful playing at their temple, playing at their pace.


I thought this game, look, if somebody, if I tell you what, if somebody told, told you, if you are a Nick fan and somebody say, Hey, Bruns is gonna shoot 25 times, he gonna make 15 of 'em. He gonna have 43 points. Kat's gonna have 35 and 12. Like, well, we won the game. Yeah, absolutely. We won the game. Absolutely. That's what you think. If your two big guns and they fire and they go off and they're efficient while they're doing it. Now, if Brunson had 43 points and it took him 32 shots to get it, I ain't impressed with that. If Kat had 35 and it took him 25 shots to get it, I ain't impressed with that. It took cash. 17 shots to get 35 points. It took Brunson 25 shots to get 43.


They shot 51% from the floor, but they gave up 51% from the floor. Yeah. They, they gave up 41% from the three point line where you ask and you didn't turn 'em over like you did Boston. Yeah. You didn't turn 'em over like you did Detroit. Now they got really good ball handlers. Halliburton's gonna have the ball in his hand. And he's not a turnover guy. Oh. McConnell comes in. He's not a turnover guy. The the thing I like about McConnell, he knows who and what he is. Yeah. Like, I'm not Tyrese Halliburton, I'm not Shea Gils, I'm not Luca, I'm not one of these guys. Hey, I don't need to be fast. All this between my legs and behind my back and, and herky jerky. This is who I am.


I'm effective though. I'm gonna get it. I I'm, I'm effective and I'm gonna get it done. And I promise you, wherever we at, I'm gonna take us to another level. We ain't gonna never drop off. That's why I love TJ McConnell and You know, his presence that he brings on the court, unc it ain't pre, it ain't the prettiest, but I promise you as a backup, pg I don't know if it can get too much better than him. Yep. He comes in with it on his mind, man. He, he's, he's aggressive offensively and defensively. He's a PEs. Yes. He he moves them puppies. Well just like Peyton Prichard. Yeah. Celtic just like Peyton Pri but not even just him, You know, even these other guys, the ob toppins, the Macans, when they come O Obie was great tonight.


They all are defensive minded and then offensively it kind of fuels the offensive to where they able to get steals, get in the passing lanes, get, get fast break points, and then it kind of gives, get 'em going, man, I thought Indiana was special tonight and that atmosphere. Can you imagine what it's like playing in there on a weight team? Yeah. Like them dudes came in, man, and I'm talking about from the start of the game, I felt they, they imposed they will and they never gave up. Even when they were down 14 points, You know, they were still fighting, they were still under three minutes points off turnovers in game one. The pace was for 17 turn 15 turnovers. They got 27 points. The Knicks four seven turnovers, they got four points.


The Knicks had a 99.7%, a 99.7% chance of winning the game with two minutes and 51 seconds. They're up 14 mm teams up 14 plus in the final two and a half, two minutes and 50 seconds. It'll play off fourth quarter game or overtime in the play-by-play era 977 and one. Wow. The one you just witnessed it tonight. If you watched this game and the shot and the play Byplay era, I think the play by play goes back 19 96, 97. Correct. I think that's when they started to play by play. You're talking about 977 and one.


He had a in in that span. 1996. Okay. In that span, them last three minutes of the game I made threes and they seemed like forever seemed like three hours. Oh man, look, they kept getting three, they get a stop. Like it was just, they kept 12 was like, man, they not finna come back. And I be, I'd be damn


Brand spent $32 billion every year on influencer marketing yet most still don't know if it's actually working. Are you seeing a positive ROI from your influencer campaigns? Or is your team just tracking mics and follows? At Jive PR and digital, we turn influencer engagement into real measurable sales. Our clients see a 50% lower cost per acquisition compared to traditional ads. No more wasted budgets, no more guessing. Head to jive pr digital.com to see if your brand is a fit.


This was, this was an amazing game and hopefully we can get six more ocho I don't know why. I know you was having technical difficulties trying to get logged on, but the Pacers come back 1 38, 1 35 down 14 points with two minutes under three minutes left in the ballgame. Yeah. And you heard me read off the stat. Yeah. They have a 99.7% chance of winning and the play-by-play era, which started in 1996, teams are 977 and oh until tonight when you're up by that many points with that few time without that few time on the clock and the Knicks gave it away. Give them credit. They passing lane, they were getting deflections. Mm.


They all almost, they almost got it earlier. Yeah. Nihar almost got one. Got another one. Yeah. But this game was sensational night. Aren ne Smith, 30 points nine of 13, eight of nine from the three point line. He scored 20 big points in the fourth Aren, this playoff, he's 35 point 35 what? 35 may threes he has 35 may threes. He's third in the NBA 54% from three point line. Must His contract. Yeah. Hey, go ahead. Don't Joe. Hey Uncle Joe. Listen, this is what I call playoff basketball. Now I've watched some basketball over the years on, so I've never seen a game like the tonight.


I've never seen a game like tonight when you two big guns are on fire and they hitting on all cylinders. Like they, like Kat and Brunsons were, you are expecting to win a game like this when you fight that amount of points on, but that little time left to go in the game, you not expecting the other team to come back and win regardless of circumstance or any hypothetical you come up with. But what we saw tonight, it seemed unreal. It was like something out of a movie. This is how Mo how this is how a movie story of endings happened. It happened like what we saw tonight. Yeah. This great, great game. You, you, you said it too. The Knicks won't be able to keep up with that offensive pace. I think they need to, they need to play at their own pace and not play the way the place is played used to running up and down the floor, back and forth, back and forth.


But god damn man, that night was night was a beautiful game. Now, if we get six more games like this, this might be the guest seven game series of all time. If the game in like this, in this manner, Oh, you think it's going second? No, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just throwing it out there. But I you Just like, you just like, you just liked the, the game the day, the first game. Yeah. It was pretty Good. Hey, well what scares me also is I think just like the Wolves game, it was very important to win game one. Yeah. It was very important for, to me, for the Knicks to win game one, especially at home, you got, you got to steal that game. Hey Ocho, I I I Go ahead Joe, go ahead.


Well Ocho was saying that he don't know if the Knicks can keep up with this pace. They should play they pace. They can't because You know why the Pacers apply so much pressure that they're forcing the Knicks to speed up. Meaning may not if I'm guarding you full court Yeah. At one, at at some point you might get a step on me. So you figure you may have to go and take what you can get. Right. You see what I'm saying? So it's like they, they, they induced the Knicks to plan this pace and it works in their favor. 'cause down the stretch, look what you at, you got a lot of sloppy basketball from the Knicks, a lot of turnovers, a lot of mishaps. And ultimately it costs you to gain, You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Look, I did not think, but You know what happens Joe, a lot of times when you down by so, so, so many points and all of a sudden you make a comeback, you start to feel like, oh, we gonna get this one.


Yeah. You start to feel that you're gonna win. The other team starts to feel like we're about to lose. Yeah. Because they see 14, 11, 9, 8, 7. Oh damn, hold on. What happened? What happened to that lead? Yeah. And everybody, all the fans like, damn, come on clock, tig tick, Tick tick, Tick tick, tick tick, tick, tick. Hey, but, but The clock can't go fast enough. Hey, Hey Uncle Joe. But I honestly, You know, you said with the paces doing what they do as far, far as far as forcing the nick to plate outside of their comfort zone, you got be uncomfortable being uncomfortable. You got to continue to play at the next pace because if you trying to keep up and do just because they putting pressure on you and it's causing you to, it's causing you to have turnovers that makes Ill-advised passes or having mistakes.


That's the reason you losing the game. So you, you listen, I I don't know how you able to do it, Joe, especially from a a basketball standpoint said, when I think about boxing unc and there's a pressure fighter Yeah. Trying to force you to fight, but to do everything you can in your will to stay relaxed, to stay calm under pressure and continue to do your game or whatever your game plan may be. The Knick's gonna have to find a way, regardless of the pressure that Indiana is applying to stay within their game because that's not the way you guys play basketball. It's just not. But here's the thing though, Ocho, the bully keeps coming up hitting you side, side your head and you say nah, just don't, don't worry about it. Don't, that is not what you do. At some point in time you gotta fight back.


Right. So what happens is, is that they're playing at this phonetic pace. Yeah. And you like, Hey man, I got me a couple of easy baskets too. Hey look at that. Hey I bet the rim boom. I got me a couple of easy ones. You like, okay, this is easy right here, this is easy. And the next thing You know, you've gotten yourself into something that you really didn't want to get into. Yeah. It's kinda like, oh Joe, you got a, you got a one point lead, now what you should do is go down at the one yard line. Right. But what the guy wanna do, he wanna celebrate. So he going the end zone, next thing You know they get a touchdown, get a two point conversion. Right. They get the ball in overtime first and now you're like, damn, what happened? Yeah, Well what happened? You did what you weren't supposed to do and it's a lot easier.


And I understand it's a lot easier to say than done because like you said, but I'm looking at the Knicks, even at that phonetic pace, Joe, I got a 14 point lead with under three minutes to go and I got Mikhail Bridges and I got OG Anna Nobie and I got Josh Hart. That should be that those three players, Jalen Brunson and Kat should be enough to hold that because they were enough to get that. So if they're good enough to get it, they should be good enough to keep it. Alright. Let me ask you a question. Yes. What is, you read off that percentage again when you had, when you're up by that many points, with that little time left to go, what is the percentage again with your chance to win that game?


The Knicks had a 99.7% chance to win when they led by 14 with two minutes and 51 seconds to go. You know what Teams up by 14 plus in the final two minutes in 50 seconds of a playoff fourth quarter or overtime in the play by play era. Prior to tonight they had been 977 and oh after tonight there are 977 and one that won the Knicks. Mm. You know what, tonight honestly it's probably a little too late depending on where you live or where you are. I think we all need to play the lotto. Ah, We all need to play the lotto Then.


Listen, I pick, I pick in of em to go to the finals. My thing is, man, come on, stop playing. You know we, we got that little bit we got, come on. Don't act like don't act like that. Okay. You, you got, you got little, you got, y'all got it. You got, you got little, you got a little double and nothing on it, Joe. Yeah. So here we go. So listen. Yeah, with with with Brunson and, and Kat playing as fishing as they play today. Yeah. And, and they, they end up still losing the game. I I mean it, it's like Ocho is like you, you go for 175 TJ get a one 15 Carson throw for 3 75. You gotta run it back one 400 and you somehow you lost the game by four.


You, You know what that's, you're Like how much be? Yeah. You saw your Bengals do this all the time. Yeah. Chase, Higgins go off go throw off for 400. Yeah. And you like how we lose see and, and how, man my thing is they may, what if they, what if they not efficien like this in the next game? I know Nate Smith may not go eight for nine from three, but they gonna have other guys who gonna step up and go and play big. And you can count on that. If Brunson and Kat don't play like this, they won't be in no games bro. They won't even be in no games. What I love is Halliburton was official was was, was aggressive.


Yeah. 23 shot attempts. Yeah. Four 12 or four or 12 three point attempts. That's they get into trouble when he's on five. He got five attempts, he got eight attempts. No bro. Nah, Uhuh not now. Not now. We need you aggressive. We need you pushing pace. Try to get downhill. If you can get all the way down to the rim. Get all the way down to the rim. Yeah. And if they come to collapse, Hey, you got great, great basketball iq. Kick it out. Damn Ocho. Lemme ask you a question. D What you calling 'em get you sick? Huh? Did luxury did they get you sick? Oh, Dominic, did they get you sick last night? Oh no, No, no, no. I I, the miss got me sick.


Hold on. Uncle Ocho. I was paying attention the other night and I seen Ocho was at a little spot. He said they were ballet dancers. He had some ballet dancers. Yeah. Yeah. He, yeah. Yeah. Adult ballet. What? Adult ballet? What, what what what kind of ballet they do? Ocho A adult. Adult ballet. You know, adult. Adult. Like, Like Gregory, like Gregory Hines. Like, like Nikal Ballet. Yeah. Yeah. Ba basically that ba it's, it, it's, it's more exotic. It's, it's more, it's it is more on the luxurious side of, of, of ballets. Yeah. Hey, listen, it's still very graceful. Yeah. Just different types of movement. Just For my own and sexy Ex. Exactly. Joe.


Oh Yeah, yeah. Hey Joe. Hey Joe. We got, I gotta take you out there. I just got me a job. I'm the head security out there and I, I just applied for the head chef job at that area. 29, You know, because You know I can cook, You know I went To Nah, you don't need to cook. No. Hey, hold on, hold on. Oh, I went to LA on blue. I didn't finish. I did two semesters, but I had to go back and, and take care of some business. But That, that's, like I said, I went to two semesters of, of law school at Harvard. Right. You not no lawyer. Why? Listen, you're not a lawyer but the LAW is there. So law, you just ain't got the right car yet. Long list. Yeah, Joe. Hey Joe, it's beautiful. A beautiful, beautiful establishment. Joe area, area 29. You gotta check it out.


Ain't never heard of nothing like a dope bow. Yeah. Matter of fact, You know who, Hey, hey uncle, You know who spot that is? Oh, Earl Thomas. Is it? That's why Area 29? Yeah. That's for the 29. Yeah. Okay. Makes sense. Makes sense. Yeah. Tyrese, Halliburton game one 30 points, 11 assists one turnover. He's one of five players with a 30 10 a game. This playoffs, Jalen Brunson, 43 points. Five assists on 15 or 25 field goal attempts. He's the first Nick ever with a 40 point game in the conference finals. Mm. I don't know how much better he can play. Maybe he says, You know what, maybe if I cut my turnovers in half, do give, give you what I gave you last tonight offensively.


Yeah. But cut the turnovers. He had as many turnovers by himself as the entire Hazel team man. And when you turn the ball over, it leads the runout, it leads to easy baskets and you try to make it as difficult as you possibly can on the opposing team. Nothing easy and, and football turns Joe. We say nothing cheap, nothing deep. Right. Hey look, I think with Brunson, I'm kind of borderline on a lot of em. Fouls. He be getting on like, he initiated a lot of the contact. Oh he does. Hey, hey. He, hey Joe. He initiated right with the shoulder. He, he kind of fled. He throw the head back. That's called great acting. I'm so, I'm so sick of looking at that Ocho, I, I wanna see good basketball man. That's good basketball.


Well, you don't like watching Shea play then. Exact same thing He do. He do, he do the same thing. But what I'm saying is Indiana is playing great defense. Like he ain't really just beating him like that off the dribble. So they stand with him with the first two, three steps. Right. And then he initiate the contact and flare and it's like Indiana. I'm like, man, they playing great defense. They getting a bad woo out here, man. He shot 14 free throws May 12th. He probably should have shot about half of that. Like I'm, it was, it was a lot of marginal, You know, calls that I thought that he got tonight that I was like, man, listen, that's great defense. You know, I think Bro Miles McBride shot his many free throw attempts as the most on the Pacers.


Pascal had five and, and Rin had five miles. McBride had five free throw attempts as you mentioned. Jalen Brunson had 14, Kat had 11. Hey, Indiana ain't studying none that they get into their chicken. They, hey, they don't, They don't care at all Joe. Nah, they don't care at all. This was a, this was a great game. I hope we get something comparable tomorrow in the Western conference finals. This is what I wanna see. Yeah, because Suppo supposedly allegedly these are the four best teams. Ocho Yeah. These are the two best teams in the Eastern conference. The two best teams in the Western conference. It shouldn't be that big, that vast of a difference.


Right. And we shouldn't see 30 in 40 point victories. I agree. I'm not saying that we should, everything should come down to the buzzer. But I'm I'm saying you got to the conference finals and you losing by 30. Yeah. Everybody should be equally. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Everybody should be equally yolked to this point. Especially this We should be two equally match ball clubs. But this was the unbelievable ball game. The Pacers had 69 points in the half. They got 21 in the third, 35 in the eight in the fourth quarter. And then you got 62 from the Indiana, then they get 25. So they cut into the lead and then they get another cut into the lead. They get 38 points in the, in the fourth and they outscore 1310 in the overtime.


If they win, go on the road snatch home court 1 38 to 1 35. Anything that we know about Indiana, they get greedy. They're not content with just one. We saw them go to Cleveland still game one. And what do they do? They said, You know what we want sweep states, not only do we want 'em in mega million, we want Powerball two and why yet it give us fantasy five. We want it all. So I got them, I got them winning by landslide in game two. I just feel like this pace, obviously they gonna keep up and I just don't, I think the Knicks gonna wear down. Obviously I've said that in the past couple series, but at the pace that the Pacers play with, it's gonna be hard for the Knicks to keep up with that man for Brunson and Kat to play like this the entire series.


Yeah. I I don't know if they can do that guys. I'm be honest with you Shane Gil just win. No, he did what everybody know is the worst kept secret. He won the MVP 33 points. Five, six and two best player, best team first in points. Second in still first and plus minus first in 30 point games. First in 40 point games. First in 50 point games last year. He finished runner up. A lot of the been made about Shea being at the free throw line. 29 of the NBA MVPs attempted more free throws in the MVP season than Shea did this year.


29 of the MVPs in the MVP season attempted more free throws than what Shaa did in his MVP season. Or You know what they tell me and wasn't getting a whole lot of buckets. Ocho Yeah, yeah, yeah. A whole lot of buckets. He flat out got game man. I'm happy for Shaa obviously, You know, I know this is a special moment for him. I I'm, I'm sure this is something that he's kind of set out to do probably over the last few years when he probably seen that it was really possible and him getting slighted last year. I think it put a little fire in the come back this year. Yeah. Even better. And that don't happen a lot of times, man.


You know, sometimes you'll see a guy in it and then he'll fade away. But Shaa, he's been right there bro. From from from the start. Hey, When, when you, when you on, when, when you look at it, right? I'm I'm not, yes. I'm not trying to say, I'm not trying to say he's this individual. I'm saying the way he carries himself, the way he goes about his game, it's worth That you love everything about him, You know? Huh? I love everything about the man. You know how You know who I want compare it to. Oh, 20, 0 24 down there in la Just his approach to the game. His style. Oh yeah. Mannerisms. Yeah. How serious he takes it. The chip that he wears on the shoulder, never complaining. He just goes out and he plays ball.


I agree. All they do is play ball Joe. Yeah. Smooth. Hell yeah. On and off the court. Yeah. Oh man. Every, every man, listen man, I, I, I, yeah, he and the thing is, You know, I'm reading what, reading what his quotes about that he said, I figured I could be really good 'cause I saw the work that I was putting into it and then I can control what I can control. Right. And then what I can't or don't worry about, worry about it. Yeah. He said, but never did I imagine this. Mm. You see, and I said this all the time, mocho, you hear me say this all the time, it's hard for me to see a player not getting incrementally better. I'm not saying that he's going all of a sudden be an undrafted fridge and all of a sudden he's gonna go to an MVP. But I'm saying it is hard if you putting the work in, see, you can't be mad for results you didn't get for the work that you didn't put in.


Hello. Because see a lot of times Joe, people get mad at results. They didn't get for work. They didn't put in why you mad when You know, you see for us, for me, I can't, I can, I, I don't know what a person does. I can just tell you, I can just speak to what I did. Yeah. What I do. Yeah. So therefore when I have success, I'm not surprised by the success that I have because I know how hard I work. I see now hard work and I do what I tell kids all the time when they do a lot more speaking engagements. I say hard work doesn't guarantee you anything. But I can tell you this, without it you don't have a chance, Lord. It doesn't guarantee you that you're gonna get everything that you ask for or what you set out to accomplish, but without it you don't have a chance.


Right. So I see this young man and I see where he came from. He got traded because the Clippers police say, You know what we want Paul George and Kawhi won Paul. And I get it, I get Kaw why Kauai says I'm in win not mode. Same thing we talked about Joe, about a Cooper flag. Yeah. I ain't got time for him to get good. I need to win. I need to be good right now. Right. So you wanted Paul George who was an all star, all NBA player can play both ends of the court. But you see this young man now, this is his third grade year. I think he's average 30 points a game. Yeah. There ain't a whole lot of guys in the history of the game. Can say that. Right? Absolutely. And you, and and he's efficient while he's doing it there, You know, averaging, if you average 30 and you shooting 42%, they tell him you put up a whole lot of damn shots and people get, gets seduced by raw numbers.


Yeah. Right. Nah, no, no, no, no. Nah. This man shoot 51% for the floor. Mm. Can I ask you a Question? There ain't a whole lot of people have ever done a whole lot of guards have ever done that. Right. Can I ask you a question, Joe? Yes. You, You know your history much better than I do. You know, the history of the game of basketball much better than I do in comparison to what SCA has been able to do. Being efficient from the field, scoring 51% while putting up a lot of shots in comparison. Who does he compare to from the past? The only guy that's done this from a guard is Jordan to score 30 plus and shoot 50% from the floor. Okay. Only Jordan has done it at the guard position. Okay. I I I'm just curious 'cause I wanted you to say that because I heard someone say I just, You know, reading the chat, just reading the chat and Oh yeah.


People are so quick to compare somebody to Kobe. So I just wanted you to hear the numbers and why the comparison came through based on what he's actually doing in real life. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's, he's more, look, he's more efficient. Hardness kinda reminds you more like Kobe. Yeah. With, You know, they're gonna score a bunch of points but they're not gonna do it in the most efficient manner. Now can they have nights where they go 50 you 50% from the floor? Absolutely. Right. But more times than not, they're gonna be probably around that 46, 40 5%. Right. This kid, this kid is shooting half his, he's making half his shots now.


The playoff notwithstanding, 'cause he hadn't been as efficient in the postseason as he has in the regular season. But you look at all the top guys, none of them have, even the Cole Yoic wasn't as efficient in the postseason as he was in the regular season because obviously things changes. You're playing better teams, those get, those guys get to focus on you on a nightly or on a nightly or every other night basis. Right. And it's not, you're playing Charlotte one night, you're playing Milwaukee, you're playing Orlando, you play in Atlanta, you're play in Miami. This team set their whole game playing up to deal with you for over the course of two weeks if necessary. Yeah. Because when, when, when you competing in the playoffs, You know we gonna pay attention to every little detail and teams pay attention to details and we wanna take your strengths.


We wanna take 'em away from you in the playoffs, You know what I mean? We wanna make you have to use a counter, we wanna make you have to pass it to somebody else and make a play. But you let alone yourself, we not gonna really let you play Everything you get, you gonna have to work hard for. Yeah. Yes. The stars in the playoffs this year, the shas, the, the Yoic, You know, them dudes had, they have had to work tremendously hard just to kind of get theirs off. The one thing I love about Shaa Ocho Yeah. He's not just offensive minded like he, yeah he, he has an arsenal as far as in his offensive package. But defensively bro, he sits down, he plays both ends of the court. He gets his teammates involved and that team, they love being around each other.


That's a scary team. Yep. I love, I'm happy for Shay man this is, this, this is a huge, huge accomplishment for him and I'm sure he's proud of and he's the type of guy who try to build on it and try to run a couple more MVPs. Yeah, yeah. As well as you should. SGA met the Supermax criteria all NBA two out of three seasons last off season. But he was in eligible to sign because of the short years of service because he won the MVP and he's gonna be an all NBA selection. He's now eligible for the Supermax OCHO five years, 380 million or he can sign the four year 294 million but would have to wait till the 2026 off season.


I'm good, I ain't got nothing to do. Y'all still paying me 30 million, write 35 million right now. Hey, hey, what you gonna do? You gonna ride that 30, you gonna ride that 30 being out right to 2026 and then next season, You know, hit the head for that five year three 80 Or the 4-year-old. You take the four year 2 94 ain. Now get that money. I mean, ain. Hey you gonna realize Shay only 26. Oh Joe, let's just say I wait the next year I'll be 27. I get that Supermax three 80, that's 32. I get me another supermax at 32 hit me to 37. That's gonna probably be four 50 mm Ugh 3 9 4 2 9. Okay, my bad. I, I get, I added a million dollars to it.


It's 2 93 0.9, two point 94. Hey 93 94. Hey listen, what can, I don't wanna know Ocho, what can't you do with 2 93 that you need 2 94 to Absolutely do it. Again. Thank the same thing when you, when you get that kind of bunny ain't nothing, there ain't nothing that you want. So You know what, man, I want that house, it happened to be $294 million. I sure wish I'd have got that extra million or I want this car or I want whatever the case may be. Ocho, there ain't nothing that you can't do. That's what I tell guys all the time, bro. Okay. You like a couple of million dollars, $3 million. Okay. What can't you do with 17 million that you absolutely gotta have to do with 20?


Right. Well I agree. Hey them dudes, they, these dudes want they money on though. They ain't, they ain't cutting. No they ain't, he ain't cutting them no slack, no discount and he, it is well deserving man. The, the, the, the work that, that I take in, I'm going guess what? 'cause he can sign the 2 93 this off season or he can wait the two. I'm signing that right now. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey, hey Joe. Hey Joe. I mean y bring that contract. Don't die here because hey we can do, we can date it at a later date in time but I want my signature on it. I'm taking that phone because, because here, okay. He signs the, he signed the next year 26 off season. That's 76 million per year.


Or I can take 73 3 right now. Yeah, gimme 73 3. I think if he, if he take the one now, he'll probably still be able to keep some of them dudes around. Right. Yeah. Take that 76. Will he still, will they still be able to keep them dudes around him? Not everybody. Well because hey, guess what? 'cause by that time you gonna have, that'll be Chad, Chad will be coming up. Yeah, well it it interesting to see what they got with Jalen Williams because that's the thing they, they wanna do away with the super team. Now they'll have their bird rights. But the question is guy's like man she making 76, if I stay here I'm only gonna make 36. I can go somewhere else and make 50.


That's how guys start their ing don't you? You're like, hold on. Yeah. 36 now. Hold on. 36 times four to 72. That's 1 44 or I can do 50 times four. That's 200. Yeah. Now that's a big different, that's a big difference Joe. 1 44 versus 200. Yeah we talking about a 56 million over four years. We talking about $56 million difference. Yeah. Yeah. That's 14 million per year. Now we talking about a whole different ball game. But Joe, we ain't talking about two to 5 million. Yeah, we talking about 56 million. Yeah, it's, it's, it's definitely a different, You know what, it kind of puts me in mind when I was playing in Phoenix before I left, You know the year I had to play, the year I played with Nash and, and that was the only year I played with him.


It was my contract gear because the start of that, the start of that season, they brought in Nash and Quentin Richardson. They played them big money to come in. So they kind of put me on the back burner. Like I, I know we said we was gonna take care of you this summer but we just gonna wait till next summer. Not knowing that we was going to be the best team in the league at that time. Ain't nobody Right. So they offered me 45 million. Okay. OCHO and I turned it down. Oh Joe, they offered me 45. Okay. I turned it down. Okay. I said nah, I feel like You know we played out shit I can get more than 45. Ah, we, we played it out and we end up being the number one team now. We lost in no Western conference finals, but I end up getting 70 to come here to Atlanta.


Atlanta. Right. You know what I'm saying? So that's 25. That's that's 25. Yeah. That's a big difference. You know. Yeah. It's Hey, hey, hey, hey. Absolutely. Yeah. Hey I got, I got, I got a better understanding that. Okay. That's how we get property. Okay. Yeah that how you get property right there. There you go. There you go. There you go. How you get property then? And he ain't tell you about that second contract that signed Atlanta. It was double that double the ball. He double the ball joke. Hey joke boy you got that investig part, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Ocho Ocho I you, I work hard for mine man. I work hard. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Listen, hey look we all, hey we all work hard. Some of us get paid differently though. You know. I understand. I understand, I understand, I understand. Yeah. Funny. HSGA will soon become the highest paid player in the NBA very well deserved guys. Put the time in, don't cause the problem. They play the game the right way. You can't be mad at somebody that having that success. Three teams with three players to win the MVP. The Thunder Russ KD Shaa 76 ERs. Dr. Jay won it, wilt won it and Joy and Bead won it. Lakers. Man. Well what we talking about here out the boat Celtics man what we talking about man, the Rockets, You know they had Moses Malone won it.


They had Akeem. Elijah won win it. They had James Harden win it. Mm Yeah. Yeah. And the Thunder's only been a team since 2008. Moses. Moses won it. Moses for the Rockets won it twice, won it once with the six, his first year that he won the championship. Obviously Akeem won it and Harden won it. But the Celtics, when you look at the Celtics, I mean you got Havlicek, I think Dave Cowans won it. Bill Russell won it. The Lakers, you got Shaq. Kobe trying to tell you who else won it. Wil win it. I don't think Jerry West won it. I would probably say, oh Kareem, what the hell and Magic, what the hell am I thinking?


Kareem won it three times. He won three with the Lakers and three with the bunks. Magic won it three times. Kobe won, won and Shaq won, won. Jerry West didn't win it. Jerry with the finals. MVP the first year they had it initiated in 1969. He won the championship. They lost some seven games to the Celtics. But he was the first finals. MVP put some a oh AI with six is. Okay, you gotta put some respect on Sam Press's name over there. Oh, he done a great job. Okay, so, but, but you but You know what Joe? He gonna have to close the deal now. Yeah, you gotta close the deal because think about it. You got guys, I mean think it, you got, you drafted three top 75 players.


Yeah. And they, and, and two of the three won MVPs there. James Harden went to Houston and won it. But at some point in time you have to close the deal. Now we, we know you can select talent and he selected these guys, kd Russ Harden make the trade, make the trade for, for Sha. Yeah. You drafted Jalen Williams, all these other guys. You make the trade for Lou do all these other guys. You, Chet Homer, you drafted, you, you, you, you signed a Harden Stein frequency. You drafted Reggie Jackson. I man you, you've done Heys Barker. Hey. Oh. Gotta close a clue. It is only, it is only so much he gonna be able to do now he gonna get you.


He gonna put the pieces in place, but he can't go out there and play. Some of this gonna have to, the ownership gonna have to take up on the, amongst the players. Yeah. To be able to come out and compete and be the last team standing. They've been the best team the whole entire regular season. Yes. For him, he's done his job. He just gotta hope that they sustain and pull through in these playoffs. So I think at some point, he'll, they'll eventually get one if not this year, which I feel like is wide open. I don't feel like, yeah, obviously. No. This might be their best chance to get it too though. It might be. It might be, man, but hey, it ain't gonna be easy. I promise you that. Kd, you look at kd, when he won the MVP, he averaged 32 points, seven rebounds, five and a half assists.


He shot 50, 39, 87 shade in his MVP season, 32.75 rebounds 6.4 assists 52 38 90. Russ, when he averages triple double 31.6, 10.7, 10.4, 43% from the floor, 34% from the three 85% from the free throw line. So great job, Sam Presti. Congratulations Shay. Very, very well. Des deserved the Thunder Organization. Hey, you guys playing well, this is what the Clippers traded to get. Paul George, they traded Shay, Gil gis, Alexander, Dan dlo, dlo Golin 2022.


First round pick 2024. First round pick 2026 per first round pick. Miami's 2021 first round pick. Miami's 2023 first round pick. Lot of protected the Clippers. First round pick right to in 23. 2023, they get the rights to a pick swap. This year they get the Clippers right to a pick swap. So they got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, first round picks, two pick swaps, Forche, Gils, and Galin for Paul George. They didn't, they didn't cease.


I knew I, I've seen the word doc say he kind of knew Shaa was gonna be special, but they didn't see this. Nah. Yeah. Not this. Yeah. I thought he gonna be good. Yeah, he gonna be good but not, come on now. They ain't see this. 'cause if they seen this, they wouldn't have got rid of him. And You know what? I'm not Well they had to, but they had to because Kauai was gonna go to the Lakers. Yeah. Do you really want, do you really want Kawhi ad and LeBron and you're playing in the basement? At least Kauai gave you some credibility. Now. At least you think because kws has won. He's finals. MVP twice. He's defensive player of the year twice. So he's given you hope. He's given the Clippers fans hope. Right. That's why, You know Dennis think that's his name, uncle Dennis.


And you make concessions. What you gave Kauai to get it. You make those concessions. Yeah. Hey, hey, Hey Joe. You know, you think Kauai would've, I mean, not Kauai, you think SGA would've become who we Became if you No created That's, that's what I don't know neither. Because sometimes, a lot of times when you get traded, it puts a little fire in you because You know, as a player, You know it's a business. But at the same time you kind of feel like in the back of your mind, you don't want me, that team didn't really want me. All right. I'm gonna show 'em. I'm gonna show 'em. Right. And it makes you lock in a little harder to, You know, to, to prove. I don't wanna say prove them wrong, but, You know, kind of prove, I wanna prove myself. Right. Wanna prove myself that I am the player who I think I am.


Right. Perfect. And he's done that bro. Since he stepped at OKC, he's, he's made tremendous leaps and bounds every year. Right. And that's what's impressed me the most. Because here's the thing, Ocho, because the office kauai's gonna be first option. He's first option in kc. It's just like Brandon Ingram. Could Brandon Mc No, he couldn't have been that with LeBron Brandon Ingram need to get his own team. Guys need to get the Julius Randall. No, he wouldn't have been that. He needs to be on his own team. Right. Sometimes a guy needs to be on their own team. I'm the first option. So I can grow. Mm. I can get. I'm only going ocho, I'm only gonna get so big when there's a lot of shade on me.


I need the sun to shine on me. That's a good one. I like that. I like that. I need the sun to shine on me. You do. So, no, not with Kawhi. No, he was not. He was not. Does that woman happen? No. Well you think basketball, does it only happen in basketball where a Kawhi No. We seen it. We seen pre home. You saw pre home when he left Baltimore. What he did when he went to Kansas City Right. All down because he was a backup. How can I do, I can only do so much. You coming in and you gimme me five, I get five, seven Carries a game. Right now I'm averaging five and a half, six yards of carry. But guess what happens when you give me, now I'm getting 20, 25 carrier, I'm getting 25, 30 touches. Right.


Okay. I'll go get you 28 touchdowns. I'll be a first team all pro. Couple years average 50 rush for 50 on the yards. Yeah. Was one of the two or three best backs in the league before I messed up my hip. Yeah. No I can, I can only do so much Ocho. Yeah. When you don't give, when you don't allow me Mm. To get with X amount of touches. Yeah. But but see, You know, you don't see the difference. You talk about in, in football, you have to rely on them calling plays for you. You have to Yes. Giving you the ball. You have your opportunities come from an officer coordinator. Okay. We're calling this play for you. When I think about basketball in some of the greats that have opportunities to play together. But in, in turn, you guys say in order for them to grow, they need their own team. The game. Yes. The game of basketball is free flowing.


There's one ball, but it's only five people on the court. Yes. So I see it based on names of what I know they can do. Well, hell, they should all be able to play together. All of you good. Shoot the ball. When the hell you motherfucker want to shoot it. Alright. You see some guys who are, who are really good complimentary pieces don't know it until You know that, that time has to prove himself. Meaning, You know, look at Julius Round, even though he's a, he's a hell of a player. Like he's been through enough to where he knows understand, okay, I'm playing with Airman, I know he first option, but I'm gonna be the best Robin he could possibly have. You know what I mean? Right. As far as being aggressive, making plays and some, some nights he gonna probably get off the slow starts. I gotta be the guy that pick it up.


I feel like Randall is the guy who has really came into himself and he knows or understands his role and he's been playing it to the tee. Especially in these playoffs. So that's kind of like one example I would definitely give, You know what I mean? Jalen Brunson. You think Jalen Brunson is this if he's still in Dallas with Luca? No. Ah, he needed his own team. Okay. Primary ball handler. It is what it is. Let, let's be real. He's not this, he needed his own team in order to flourish. Yeah. That's okay. So that is dissimilar with Kyrie leaving, leaving LeBron in Cleveland is the same, same situation. But see they play different positions. You see Bronson and, and and Luca play the same position.


They both guards. They both need the ball to be dominant. I agree. See LeBron and Kyrie can play off each other. It's just like Shaq and Kobe. Shaq and Kobe. It is easy to play 'cause it's big and a little magic. And Kareem, it's a big and a little. Yeah. Now we got two. We got two. We got, we got two threes we got, we got two Poor we got, that's why you go back and look at the Lakers. They had Norm Nixon, they had Magic Johnson. Norm Nixon was a damn good. Point guard. Yeah. But in order for magic to be, he didn't need to share. So what we're gonna do, we're gonna get rid of, we're gonna trade Norm to the Clippers and we're gonna go draft by Byron Scott. Yeah. Yeah. Now we got a guy that can shoot, he can fill the lanes.


We got James worthy. So we got two guys that can fill, guess what? We get into a half. Go set. Okay. Hey, hey Cap. What you want to the right to the left. Right, right, right. Hey look, I think about when, when Kyrie played with LeBron, he's like the ultimate two guard of Joe. I don't necessarily Yes. Look at him as a point I think playing with LeBron. 'cause 'cause LeBron's so unselfish it, it, it, it allowed Kyrie to kind of naturally play that scoring role. 'cause he scores the ball with the best of them. Right. And he was more of a two guard to me playing with LeBron. And I don't know if he just, You know, wanted the ball in his hands to be able to make plays. But I thought that was the best, best position for him.


You know, I thought they had a great, great connection man. Yeah. Look at, look at Steph, play with LeBron in the Olympics. Look at KD with LeBron playing Olympics and how easy open the shots they get. Yeah. That's what it's like. Yeah, yeah. Right. You right. Everybody's thinking LeBron is like, damn, ain't never been this open because they guys gotta worry about stuff or they guy gotta worry about kd. Yeah. When you play with other great players and you're not playing the same position. Now sometimes ego gets involved and You know, you want to, You know, Hey, I I want this to be, it's my team, it's this team, it's that, whatever the case may be. But you think people be like that for real? Yeah, for sure.


Absolutely. Yeah. Just you saw that bro. Did did you see what happened in New England? And you talking about, do you think it's like that you was there? Of course it's like that. Oh, I mean, yeah, but that's, that's player and coach. That's, that's, that's different. I'm, I'm just egos. The greater you are as an individual, the bigger the ego you have. I don't give a damn about the sport. Right. Be it in corporations. If you don't, if you don't think Amazon and, and, and Google and all these companies are competing, you're fooling yourself. You're fooling yourself. Okay. Nvidia don't, don't do that. You don't. So you don't think Walmart and Costco are competing.


Sam's Club and Costco are competing? You don't think that, you don't think Walmart and Target compete. You don't think that? Yeah you do. You know they are. Yeah, of course. That's, that's what makes a school. We are what your competition, there was always competition. Go back to whatever. You had to do certain things in order to to to win the man to, to win the, the father's heart. You had to, it was a competition. Well this guy got, he hey, he got four goat, two cows. What you got? Ah, I got, I got some lentils. Nah, that ain't gonna work bro. I'm sorry you lost it is what it is.


But this might be one of the worst trades in history. What's that? The shame for Paul George five First Rounders and two pick swaps. So they still got a a, they still got the clippers first round in 26. That's not lottery protected. They still got a pick swap this year first round. Now Shay, Shay goes to it, he's won an MVP and he messed run it win the title 'cause You know they won the title. He's gonna be finals. MVP. Yeah.


Hey look, it's the risk that you take. You got to, it's the risk that you take when, You know, when you a owner, a GM and you making these moves. Yeah. You don't, you don't know how none of this gonna pan out. You don't, you going based on feel or how you Think you or how you think it's going, You know, pan out and man, I think all that is lit fire on the SGA because since he's left the Clippers, bro, he's done number the sin and got an MVP 80 26 26 with an MVP on his belt. Possibly could win a title this year. I don't know what more you can ask from if you him to prove your worth and what you're capable of doing. So like I say, man, my hat goes off to him because he, he seems like a guy who's not gonna be complacent.


Unc Ocho. He seems like a dude who's gonna come back and be even more relentless than he was this year. Yeah. I'm looking forward to seeing his, his his progression as a player and ultimately who he, who he ends up, You know, becoming and what he's able to accomplish in this sport. It is, I think the thing is, I, y'all know how, but I can speak to me. Yeah. Once I made the Pro Bowl, I had an unquenchable thi or desire and do it again because anybody can do it once right now because I I nobody expected that. You talking about the seventh round draft. Pick the mainly special teams player and he goes to the Pro Bowl. Okay. Now when they game plan for your black ass, what you going to do?


No different ball game when they game plan? Oh we got a, we gotta, we we gotta deal with 85 man, but we gotta deal with number two. We gotta deal with number seven. Yeah. That's a whole different ballgame you might catch, you might catch a rabbit sneak up on him, set him down, let him know you trying to catch it. Yeah. SC mm Hey Joe, lemme ask you this. What's going on with Americans? Because in the fifties, fifties, fifties, sixties, seventies and eighties, you had no foreign NBA MVPs in the nineties you had one Elijah, one in the two thousands, you had three, you had Nash one, two, Dirk, one one in the 2010 you had one Giannis.


Now in the 2020s an America got one. You got Giannis started it off and then you got yolk yolk mb yolk nae. Man listen overseas, they grooming them dudes man, they they started playing pro ball at 13, 14 years old. Yeah. They really, really learn the nuances of the game. They learn how to play versus just going out playing every day, You know, to play. Yeah. So when, so now You know, they done caught up as far as talent wise. Yeah. Caught up with us as Americans and man their best players might be better than their best Americans. So because when you look at it, it's hard to say what American player right now is better than Giannis Yolk or SGA.


It's hard man. It's Yeah, you right, you right. Yo, it's hard, it's hard to say as Americans, what, what Americans are better than them at this time. Go ahead. Don't y'all, I'll let you take, you want Jason Tatum, you want a man, you want LeBron? I just wanna know, I Had, I looked up, I had to look up and think a little bit. Aint aint ain't nothing out there. Not right now. Ain't nothing out there. Not right now. There other, there are other players that will compliment them, You know, but they, they're looking right up, right up under, right up under not, yeah, well not, not too far away now. Yeah, right up under, I mean you got yolk aging, the triple double, you got Giannis shooting 60% from the floor with 30 12 and five. You got MB doing what he's doing when he's healthy.


You got Shea giving you almost 33 on 50 plus percent shooting. You gotta think, hey, these dudes probably grew up watching the NBA and won to be a part. Of course. And and they probably just, they just put in the work man. And this is kind of how it's paid off. I think what David, what David Stern envisioned Joe was having an American, but having the Olympic dream team in 92 that opened up the world, make it global, that opened it up because out of that you got a Dirk and you got Giannis and you got Steve Nash and you got Yoki and you got Luca and you got SGA, that's what you got.


Because they thought that, hold on, this is world stage now. Yeah. So now guess what you got from Canada, you got Germany, you got Serbia, you got Sia, you got Greece, you got Frank, you got wi, You know Yeah, you got Manu Manu, you got Tony Parker. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it is, Hey look, the the talent, the talent, the talent disparity ain't lopsided more, You know what I mean? Nah. Like everything is pretty much, even if not leaning more toward the foreigner way, You know, they've kind of come in and, and kind of took the league by storming.


When you look up, you like, wow, like the top guys in the NBA right now, You know, outside of LeBron, You know KD think them them dude Steph. Yeah Steph. But yeah man, these young dudes, these dudes, they they running the league right now. Yeah. Yeah. And because I've been proud of that. I mean the thing was, and see and that's why I say You know, it's not a foregone conclusion because when the original dream team, they might have had four or five players outta all the other countries in the NBA. Right. You go to any team now they got four or five NBA players on that team. Yeah. You go to Serbia, you go to, I mean you go, You know, Greece got players, you got Canada.


Canada is loaded with NBA players. You go to the French team, they loaded with NBA players. Yeah. Yeah. So all these teams that you're playing where it was just one or two sprinkled in here and there, they got guys and not only they're in the NBA, they're playing pro ball overseas. Yep. So even if they're not in the NBA, they're playing pro ball. It's not like it is. Oh hey man, what you doing? What you doing for the next two weeks? Come on, we gotta go to the Olympics. Ain't no more of that Ocho. These, these guys are actually playing Shaa hooked his team up with teammates up with Rolexes following his MVP announcement. Joe and OCHO take a, take a look at this video.


Yeah. So perfect timing man. What time it's y'all. Hey, that's all I ain't done now that's Yeah man, that's Live. That's live. That's Live. Yeah, that's what I did. I did that for the OCHO when I went to my first Pro Bowl. Yeah. I had, I think I had like $12,000. I got $12,500 if I made the Pro Bowl. I went and bought all the offensive lineman. Rolexes the only one that said he didn't want one. I asked, I said, John, you want a Rolex? He said, nah t I'm good. I asked Zi Zem like, nope, I'm good. Yeah. Rest of the guys, I got got the other guys Rolexes have my name and grade show him thank you because You know, because me ocho I believe, and I could be wrong, but I damn sure believe they blocked harder when they know a pass was coming in the old 84.


Yeah. I like, I do believe that. I like that. I like that I listen because that hey, they like, come on Sharpie. Yeah. You know I'm saying, hey, I mean that's different where I think about it. You know what, I, I've never been in a position obviously where I had to, to to buy teammates, You know? Yeah. Playing a sport gifts as a thank you. Now, now that, now that you bring me, bring it back to keep things into perspective and in in context. I've bought some watches. I bought some watches and, and I, it is funny like now that we got together, like now can I ask him to watch his back? No. No. Oh hell no. It can't be. No, But my, my, my time, my time is valuable and I need, I need the, the, the time that you wasted.


I need that watch back to watch his, But You know, there people sue for that though. People sue for talking about the, this this guy, this lady is Sue and talking about this guy wasted her youth. Right. She 26. It is what it's about Joe. It's what it's we, we, we in a different time and era, man. Hey, hey. Yeah man. Playing out here, huh? But that's a, that's that's, that's a great gesture Shea. Congratulations teammates. Congratulations well deserved. Huh? I said that's dope. That's real live man. That's real live. The NBA announced Anthony Edwards has been fine 50 K for using profane language during the media interview following the T Wolf lost to the thunder in game one.


He said I only took 13 fing shots. That's They find for that. Yes. But Ocho we talked about that last night. I said Ocho and only had 13 shots And he didn't even realize it. 'cause he look at his, look at his response. Yes. So, You know what that mean? He, he Gonna put my gun in the mall. He finna go crazy. Look Ocho And just, he sometimes he might be a little too raw for tv. You know, it's like he be sitting there talking to his homeboys, You know what I mean? Yeah. He at the barbershop. Yeah. He for real though Joe. For real. He don't know. He be right there on ES, espn. They, they be, they got him tapped in.


Hey look, he, he be lost and gone. He be Like, Hey Joe, hey Joe. That's what happened to Ocho and I, we get on here Ocho and I forget like damn, I got a microphone and camera in front of me. I Can't listen. Hey, hey Unc. And we, we, we will always remain the same authentically yourself. Yes. That's why it's called, that's why it's called Nightcap for a reason. And I think time people not even realizing this ain't linear tv. This ain't, this ain't television. This is something completely different. So you're gonna get something different every time you tune the watch. Ain't No, that's what we come on late night Because I Hey Joseph, I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't know what I'm gonna say.


And sometimes when it's time of the show, I don't know where I'm gonna be. Y'all dunno, I dunno where I'm gonna be. It's like them late. It is like them late night videos. They come on. You hope them kids in bed of Yeah. What's gonna come across that tv? Yeah. If you were in late night videos, you come on with MTV, that's when they showed you the laundry store. Yes. I want my MTVI Mean that, that hey tell like damn, I don't know that that that came up but it sure should have came out. The Sixers are reportedly not looking tore Paul George, the Sixers luck into the number three pick next month's draft and everyone will be watching to see what they're due.


There have already been reports suggesting affiliates open and shopping the third overall pick. And Jake Fisher is reporting that it's more likely the sixes trade down not out of the draft entirely. Another fair, far more important tidbit, the Philadelphia may not actually be looking to trade. Pg recent reports suggest that the sixes will be looking to explore Georgia's trade in the market conjunction with the draft are misread. There have been no indication they're looking to package George in the number three pick to move him on his own. I'm trying to figure out, so if they trade who, who in what they gonna trade him for Joe, because that contract he got is huge. Yes.


You gonna have to get by six players back for him because, and he signed up what? He got a player option too. Yeah. And he gonna pick that up. Yeah. You know, he'll, he'd be a fool not to. So what, what Joe, Joe, what y'all say? What? But trade him or keep him. Well here's my thing. What, what, what Joel going to do? What, what is he, what does he that's everything is continued on him. Mojo. He gonna be anything ojo? 'cause if he can't, if he can't gonna get up off of him, we might, well I mean just, just, just fess up and say, look, and we, we probably did make a couple of bad investments, but we, we need to try to get up off this. Right. You know what I mean?


Yeah. So if Joel can't come back healthy to where you can compete because everything is really lies in, in, in his, in his hand. Everything is contingent on him. Yeah. So I, I don't know man, I don't know. Damn. They got some, they got some young promising talent. I love Tyree Maxey. Yeah. And the, and the one, the little guard from Duke who got hurt. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. McLean look. Yeah, he came in balling, You know, and the minutes that he got, the opportunities that he got, he took advantage of him. He showed me something that I ain't think he could do. Like he, he put up some, he put up some big numbers in that little stretch. Oh yeah. When he was playing, he playing some good ball. So they got some good pieces. Like I said, man, the injuries play a huge part of people's legacy.


Obviously teams, You know, season. So if Joe l and b can't get back to the dominance that we've accustomed to watching him play at, right. It ain't competing for nothing man. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.