
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Black Friday football on Prime is back This week. the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable Catch. an old school rivalry for a new game day firing stream for free. Only on Prime Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at one 30. PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday Football For details.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year, you can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's, ah, as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's Aw, anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from to to aw. Amazon books that reading, feeling Awaits


The Volume. The Emirates NBA Cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to a very special Black Friday edition of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharp. He is 85 Liberty City's own Bing, the Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro. Yes, that is him. That's Ocho guys. Make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button. Hopefully you had a very good festive Thanksgiving, you around family, friends, and loved ones. You're still celebrating. Nobody's left town yet. I don't think they're probably gonna start leaving trickling out Saturday or Sunday. But while you're around having 'em, pull up a chair and listen to Nightcap. Make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


And we want to personally thank you again for sharing the better part of 24, 23 and 24 with us. We've been able to grow so much and it's all because of you. It's all because of your eyes and your ears. And we want to thank you again. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We have an abundance in the stock And. if you can't find it in a city or state near you, just ordered from the site. We want to make sure you have a very festive and joyous holidays. What better way to do that than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter? And do me another favor, please drink responsibly. Make sure you go to my media company page on all of its platform. That's Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had our our newest release.


It dropped today and due to the high demand, you crashed the site. But the glitch has been fixed and the thing is up and good to go now. So please make sure you take advantage of that. Items are up to 50% off. Shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. All teas and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Sheha 84 and everything is in stock again. Everything is in stock. We also have some stocking stuff with beanies. And you know what, we got mugs too or the, the the, and we got mugs ocho, and we got sleeves that you can put your beverage in right. To keep it nice and cool. Right? Go ahead though. But listen, listen, that little set, that little sweatsuit set, I don't know if that's white or cream.


And even though we got the black set with the sweats and the hoodie, Yeah, You notice, you notice I done had on the same outfit the past four shows. You ain't even noticed I ain't even changed yet. 'cause I'm wait, I'm waiting on my package to get here. I'm waiting on my package. Hey, the funny, the funny thing I saw today, I retweeted, I'm like, oh shoot. You know, it was, it surprised me. That's how raw it looks. So I'm not changing clothes. So chat when y'all see me on the show and I still have on the same gray hoodie, same gray. Just know I'm not changing clothes until my package get here. Well, just so you know, Ocho, I don't know if you thought that maybe I have some inside knowledge that you don't. I don't. This the first time that I saw it, when it popped up on, I was like, what the hell is that?


Oh, okay, okay, okay. I thought I Don, I had no idea as to me last night stuff was dropping. Okay, but I didn't know what was actually dropping. Okay, but I, but like you, I like, I like what I'm seeing. Hey, But who, who you telling? So I, yeah, I desire Austin is doing an unbelievable job. Hey, I, don't. I don't. So shout out to you Austin. Appreciate that bro. Quantities are limited Ocho so make sure you grab yours. Wild supplies last. We do have beanies, ies, and mugs. Wow. Cozy, great. Ocho. Yeah, I. Don't know. Talk to me now. Talk to me. Take your time. They must be, they must be like a million cats in Kansas City.


Ain't no way a team can be this lucky. Oh no. Ocho ain't no way a team could be this lucky Ocho. Hey, I played 14 years Ocho. Right? I ain't never had this luck, this much luck, right? In 14 years. Yes, sir. Let alone one season. So the Chiefs escaped black, another Black Friday game with the win over the Raiders. 1970, the missed time snapped by Las Vegas Rookie Center. Jackson Powers Johnson with just seconds left, denied the Raiders an opportunity to kick a field goal, a potential game-winning field goal. Yeah. Ocho, he clapped his hand. But what he did, he paused because he saw the receivers weren't set. But that's not what the left, the guard, the right guard is looking back at him.


He claps his hand. Right? The guard a the guard flashed the center that the hip. Yeah, the center don't know that you paused. He doesn't know anything about that. No. He's trusting you and he's trusting his guard. The guard swipes the hand down that lets the center know the quarterback is ready for the ball. Oh yeah. He snapped it. A a O'Connell is looking outside like, damn, didn't I say ball hits him in the chest gets kicked and the chief pounce on it. Hey. And they win the game. You remember a couple of weeks ago against the Broncos, Broncos kick game had game with a potential kick Game. They blocked the kick, They blocked the kick. Go ahead. I don't, you know what the funny thing about it is? And when, when you say you don't know if it's luck, this is something that's been going on for the Chiefs like the past three years.


If you understand now, if you pay attention, I don't know. I'm not a conspiracy theorist. I don't know if, I don't wanna sit here and say the rest is on, on their side. But if luck has anything to do with anything, they are the team that are being blessed by the football guards to be on the receiving end of it, game after game, after game, after game after game every time. For some reason, everything seems to go in their favor. Now, I'm not saying cheating, I'm not saying the rest on their side, but somebody has favor for the chiefs in some of these very, very close games. And they always listen the game again. Once again, boring from quarter one to quarter three.


But long behold, the fourth quarter gets here and everything gets exciting. It does Ocho I I think the thing is, is that if Patrick Mahomes was doing this, it's like defensively, they block a kick. Yeah. They, the, the, the center snaps the ball and the quarterback isn't ready, hits him in the chest. And because we've seen guys, we saw Lamar Jackson get one. He babbled, he reached down with one hand, picked it up, pick it up, scrambled and scrambled A touchdown. Yeah. This ball hits him in the chest and cam's one way, and the chiefs jump on it and the game Ends. Everything seems to go their way. I'm not sure, but it is I don't know why. And And you look at it, Al O'Connor, 23 of 35, 3 42 touchdowns.


They ran the ball 25 times, 116 yards. So they running the, they ran the ball for four and a half yards of carry. They did ev they made, they weighed one mistake. And when they made the mistake, that's why we always say Ocho, mistakes, turnovers aren't all equal. If you make that mistake in the first quarter, you still have three and a half quarters to overcome that. You make that mistake at that point in the game, it's over. It's over. There is no coming back. You have no timeouts. There's only 20 seconds in the, on the clock. Right? So even if you do have, I don't, you would have to have all three of your timeouts and to hope that, you know, you, you can force a punt and get the ball back with what? 15 seconds on the clock, maybe 10 seconds.


You can't do nothing with that. You, you're not gonna be able to do anything with that. But the chiefs and I, I thought, again, I say man, a ap about to hey about to get, make sure he get another season because seemingly he could only beat the chiefs and he was about to pull it off again. Don't, Joe, he about to reach to the bag and pull out another one. It says, damn Black Friday shopping. Yeah, I'm going, I'm going Chief shopping. Right. It's so, it's something about not only I, don't wanna say Black Friday. Anytime you play a divisional opponent and you know him extreme well, you know, yeah, that's tough. Play the chiefs, you know, they know each other well, you know your tendencies, you know what you like to do on downing distance, obviously you gonna have some, some I call it salad dressing or, or or some different plays.


You know, a a twinkle here, a twitch there. But most of the time everything is really the same. And you know, it's, it is used to it. I mean, yeah, the Raiders defense is used to it. The coaches are used to it. And that's why these games are so close when it comes to Divis, you know, the playing divisional opponents. But the, that's about the Rams. The damn chiefs this year really haven't been the chiefs of, oh, anyway, UNC they not blowing people out. They not no. Up 35, 40 a game like that offense used to do That we're used to seeing. Nah. And even in the years pa, even when they lost Ty Tyreek, they were still more consistent than what they've been over the last couple years. Now they did have some costly drops. They had a key third down drop on, third down by D Hop.


Travis is, is still trying to, like, he's Crescent. And that's what that is Ocho, when you don't get the ball, when you're not putting up the numbers that you want to Right. You wanna make every play right. You, he wants to, he, hey, he wants to turn and go, go. Yeah. Hey, off the ball, The, you're taking your eyes off the ball and it's a drop. And that's really hurting them because now, instead of being maybe second and five or third and five, now the second and 10 is third and 10. And, but the biggest thing is the offensive line Ocho, they can't protect it. Hold on. Left tackle and right tackle, I'm not sure who they are or where they're, where they're from. There needs better play in that area. If you serious about going further, you know, and in competing for that chip, you gotta think the teams you're gonna play coming up, especially in the playoffs, it's a bunch of, it's, it's a bunch of Mac Crosby's, not literally Mac Crobe.


I'm, I'm just saying those type of players that, that caliber defensive end, maybe not him, but just as good. And that's across the board. Unc, once you get the playoffs where you gotta eat nothing but a bunch of animals. But the quarterbacks, every quarterback he's gonna potentially place is better than Aidan O'Connell. Most of these guys, with the exception of Brock Bowers, right? That Brock Bowers. We're gonna talk about him. Mocho, he, I'm not so sure he not, he, he a top five tight end and I'm not so sure he 2, 3, 4, 5 either. I'm just saying he beating, he beating all pro corners. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He ain't just beating up on linebackers. No, he ain't just beating up on safeties. Send me your best.


Yeah, Every, and let me show you and I, and I'm gonna put him to the test, but we're talking about him in a minute. Ocho right, I, what concerns me about the chief is that still their red zone offense and their inability to consistently protect Patrick Mahomes. It, it's That. Because here's the thing. When you keep playing these one possession games, now that one possession game come play off time and it goes the other way. What happens, Ocho you're going home, Going home, You're going home. You, you playing with fire because you keep leaving these teams in there. You had a 16 to three, you didn't score the touchdown. Right? You've got to put teams away. You got to put separation between you and these teams, or you asking for trouble late in the ball game.


Right. And they don't have, it's like worthy bro. That's cover zero. Once you release inside, gifts start to get back wide. So Patrick Mahome, he throwing the ball to the middle. Certainly he's not throwing you to the corner, But that's cover zero. That's something that, you know, Hey Patrick, you and Andy, y'all gonna have to have a conversation with him. Yeah son, if they let you inside, widen it up. 'cause I'm gonna throw you up the field. Yeah. Because there's a chance. Hey, what if we had to goal on the other side? Ocho, now you running, you, you y'all going to intersect at the point, right? No. If there's nobody in the middle of the field, Trav. Once you, once you get out, so once you get around the guy, you can't go to bend it to the middle.


They up the field is zero. There's no one there. Why would you run that? Yeah, It's, it, it's just simple. John and I have a simple philosophy. Yes sir. He said, he said t if they come with the bomb, wherever you release, stay there. Yeah. If I release, why don't you, I stay there. You gotta stay there. Once I got outside, I'm going straight in the field. Yeah. I'm not bending it. I'm gonna let him bend me with the ball. Oh yeah. Because once he release it, Ocho it ain't no, he could like, okay, I'm gonna steer it over here. Once he release it, it's gone. Yeah, yeah. People have to Understand, I can move, you can bend ocho you release outside, you see the ball over there like a baseball. Go catch it. Yeah.


Thank you. Thank you. But I, I'm, I'm surprised that at this juncture with the relationship that Trav and, and, and, and ma homeboy have that got away from them. Yeah. I Think, I don't know. I don't, I I really don't know why, why would, why would Trav try to bend it like that? I would've just kept it straight up the field. I mean, that's what I would've done. I I think between Trav and, and, and in in this, in this quarterback in Mahome, they've been off script for so long. Oh Yeah. Yo, that for so long that this is one of the few times that we seen them off, you know, and I, I, I don't know, just for some I don something is off for the chiefs and it's been off for them all season long.


Yeah. Except offer them off season alone. But for some reason in the most opportune times pass from home does always come through. But as you get to, as you get to playing better teams, especially once you get to the playoffs, you're not gonna be able to get away with most of this And. if you do get away with most of this, you know what the people in, in, the people in Stripes gonna have to help you. Yeah. And I, I, I listen, I, I hate to say that, but you people in stripes are going, they going to have to help you. And they, I, you know, I what I would like to think they bailed him outta some games. Many of times I look at him like, but see, here's the thing. It's like people said, well they got bailed out against Philly. Bradford the fourth told you he held a guy.


So you, you the guy told you, yeah, I held him I was beat. Right. Because what happened, Juju was about to option away from him. He grabbed him. Right. So you don't want him to throw a flag in that situation, even though it was warranted a penalty we saw against Kansas City, the guy ran up his back. That was a penalty. So you don't want to call it because, man, how can you call a foul in that situation? Easy. It's a beauty At pass interference. The Bengals pass interference. Yeah. Yeah. Ocho, you guy ran up his back. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, so that's what I, I got confused in basketball. Well, you don't, you know, you gotta swallow your whistle there. Why So let ask you a question.


If he had done that in the first quarter, is it a flag, right? Yeah, but not so we ain't gonna call it because your teeth, so lemme ask you a question. If we flipped it and the Kansas City guy had tugged the Eagles guy and they were down, are you okay with them swallowing the whistle there? Yeah. No you're not. If that's Kansas City, no, excuse me. If that's Cincinnati and, and one of the Bengals players and one of the chiefs players run up, the Bengals players back. Right? You okay with them? Not No, of course not. All I'm saying is Ocho and I get it at the time of the game, but you, a penalty is a penalty. If you look at the rule book, it doesn't say, well, if it's late in the ball game, don't throw a flag. If, if you jump off sides, Ocho if you jump off sides with a minute to go in the game, they gonna throw a flag.


Mm Yeah, go ahead. You know, it is, it is. The funny thing about it is when you watch the game of football, as, as much as you know, you know, you can throw a flag on every single play. Huh? Yes. Especially, you know, especially in interior with them boys battling, battling, going, going out with it. And that's the funny thing when it, when it come to, when throwing flags don't allow the referee, I don't want the referee to determine the outcome of a game. I Don't. Well you better put separation between you. Yeah. That's still win. Make it a 14 point lead would've made it to go. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Because if it's a field, if it's a a one point game or field go game, or you need to touch the team, either touch down the beat you now you open, you subjected yourself. Yeah. Because here's the thing, Ocho think about what Bradford did, the penalty.


If he wide open, all they got see is Juju jersey tug the back judge. Look, you they got a side judge look. Yeah. How they miss it. Yeah. The same thing when, when the Bengals guy ran up his back. There's the back judge, there's the side judge if yeah, you and hold it and, and, and, and the interior line. But it's a lot more confined, don't you? Right Now sometimes you have the referee that's looking, he's looking at the quarterback, then you have the power and he's watching. Okay. Right. Did anybody hold, did anybody chop block anybody? Ill illegal use of the hand. But you have to be scanning. I mean, you gotta be like, okay, ball snap. Okay, let me make sure, make sure that nobody jump off Sunday and nobody illegal procedure, anything like that.


Right. So I gotta watch for a lot of stuff. But when you in the open field, ocho, it's like, that's why a lot of times people can commit robberies at night. It's dark, it's easy to get away with. It's hard to be seen ocho. So now I ain't really trying to rob the broad daylight. Right. I'm not trying to rob anything anyway. But I'm just saying when you open the open field, it is just you and the receiver. Yeah. They can see that a little bit more. And so you have to be careful of that. But I'm not one of these guys. Oh, swallow your whistle. No, you pass it. So if that's the case, I just go wait until late in the ball game and I'm gonna hold the issue outta you. Yeah. I'm gonna file the issue outta you because a, I know you gonna hold you, you're not gonna call it.


Right. Or it doesn't operate like that. You, you know, you can't, you can't be belligerent with the goddamn hole and call or, or pass interference, whether it be offensive or defensive. I just think to me, in certain situations, referees, referees need to hold their whistle so they don't determine the outcome of a game. Mistakes will happen. Now if it's, if it's blatant, a blatant hole or you disrupt the timing of a play or you impede a receiver trying to, you know, get to a ball, you know? Oh, like Bradford did Juju. Yeah. Like, like that that, that's, that's blatant. That's blatant. And Your and your guy, I don't know who your guy was that ran up the back, that ran up the back of Kevin City guy. Yeah. Now, now that's, that was a little iffy. That was a little iffy.


Yo, stop there. Don't listen to me. Now Yo got a, he done jumped over the top of him. The guy be trying to catch the ball like this. Yeah. He listen and just the fact that the Bengals player in that instance has a right for the ball as well. He has a right for you or has a right for the ball as well. So, But you can't go through the guy to get the ball. You have a Right. Like if we ocho let, let's just say for the sake of argument, if I'm coming like you coming like this here and I'm coming from the side and I do like this here and our bodies make contact. Yeah. Yes. But I can't go through you to have to try to, to try to have an opportunity, the same ability to get to the ball as you, I can't go through you. Yeah. I mean, And so that's what we always say. Hey son, get big. Yeah.


Box of dance. Hey, make it, if he gonna make a play, come through me. Yeah. That's what you do. You see the ball under throne, the DB just running what you do, stop. Let him run up your back. Yep. But yeah. Hey ref, I gotta, I gotta right to the ball too. Yeah, but you can't run up your back to get it. That's the tricks of the trade. But look, the Raiders had 'em dead to right. The Raiders had 'em dead to right. O'Connell had gotten hot. I was surprised that the Chiefs didn't go forward on fourth down, considering the defense had given up two touchdowns right Quick. I'm talking about boom, boom, boom. I mean the Raiders were methodically going down the field. O'Connell had gotten to the rhythm. Brock Biles was lighting people up.


Jacoby Miles was playing really well. Tucker had just got the 80, the 58 yard touchdown. Right? I was surprised. And, if you see in OCHO teams now we saw last week, what did Carolina do? We saw the week before what the Buffalo do. And I said this, what happens when that defense isn't lights out? Now you go to mess around Baltimore d offense is better than the Raiders Buffalo's offense is better than the Raiders, right? There are a lot of teams that offense is better than the Raiders. Right? If this defense doesn't play like it played from week five of 2022 all the way through, and then the first part of this season, right? Then what happens considering we've seen this offense, really haven't get it, haven't gotten it together this entire season.


Ocho you know it, you're asking for trouble. Yeah. You know, it's funny, the fact that you just said that. Think about this. The offense hasn't gotten it together all, all this season, right? Patrick Maha. Patrick Mahomes hasn't played as well as we'd like them to except in actual specific times when they need it. Yes. What Happens when they do what if, what if they do get it together? The playoff time? What if, what if they get it together? What if they finally decide all of a sudden, you know what, it's playoff time. We finna play these last four games and take it to the chip in New Orleans and take it on home. What if they, what if they playing possible? You know what's happening? Yeah. Because the pressure is getting the Mahomes, he doesn't feel comfortable setting his feet and he's missing throws that he would normally make.


Make, Yeah. You see how he got up and slammed the ball? Said, Hey, what y'all gonna do? Y'all gonna just let the left tackle just get beat the whole game? Or y'all gonna gimme any opportunity to throw this football because you got Crosby on one side and they put the guy on the other side and it's like his interior Humphrey toy and Smith. They've got to be sensational. Yeah. Because every time the DM are forcing him to step up. Oh yeah. And, if you notice what he doing every time he steps up, he's having to jump the throw the ball because he's gotta get it over the, the in The middle guy. In the guy in his face. Every time. Yes. Every time. Okay. He's under door. That's what concerns me the most, right? Is that if a defense doesn't get back to what they were, because the offensive line, the tackle, the, not the offensive line, the mainly the, the entire, the entire line is the tackle.


The so porous boy Ocho U boy. You asking, you asking for it, bro? Yeah. They going, they Going. And I just hate because I understand. We understand the finality of a one game of, of a, of a one game. One game. It ain't no it best two out of three. It ain't no four outta seven. Like, like basketball. Like basketball and baseball. Ocho the best. You get the difference. People say there's nothing like a game seven. Everybody said there's nothing like a game seven in hockey or game seven in basketball. That's right. Game seven in baseball. Right. Every game in the playoffs in the NFL is a game seven. That's all we play are game sevens.


You gotta, there is no Oh, oh, we got 'em figured out. We know what to do. We'll make a few adjustments. Well, you better make it next year in OTAs. That's the only time that it's gonna matter. You gotta be, every game is a game seller. You gotta be your best that day. No. If, if you do, no, if ands are busted body, because if you not, we'll see you in Cancun.


Okay. Bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich smokey flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While are you sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes. No code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


Blinds.com. Cyber Monday Sales Event is happening now. Get some of the best deals of the season with Up to 50% offsite wide. Plus a free professional measure. Avoid the home renovation overwhelm. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings, delivers big results and blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. Skip the long lines or waiting around at home all day just to get a quote with blinds.com. Shopping online doesn't mean sacrificing quality, style or service. A blinds.com design expert can help you make the perfect selection. We can even handle everything from measure to install. Get your whole home installed for one low cost With over 25 million windows. Covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings. Shop blind dot com's Cyber Monday Sales Event today. For some of the best deals of the season, save Up to 50% Sitewide plus premium Doorbusters and a free professional measure Up to 50% off@blind.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean, they're already a circus. They Need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about The, I like how ge Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there. Ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. It's Just your son. What are you supposed to do? He said, there's a moon too And Sun's up there. You think they ain't gonna be sun. And then they're like, well why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well it's still the sun. It's Like, well your all pro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him 'cause he can't see. Just admit, just you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing in Heels with Rachel Z. Being a Delta Sky Miles member means more than just earning miles and enjoying great travel. It's your gateway to Sky Miles experiences. Your new favorite place to unlock unforgettable events. You can even access exclusive events like a styling session With me, Rachel Zoe. I'll personally guide you and a guest through a New York City shopping trip as your personal style consultant. You'll get a gift card too so you can take home some of the items we select together. And then I'll host you for a chic happy hour. Delta Sky Miles members have access to other amazing events too. From courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining experiences all by using your miles. It's the perfect way to turn your miles into memories.


So head over to delta.com/sky miles experiences to discover your next experience and start creating your favorite moments today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply. Ojo are the chiefs the worst 11 in one team that you've seen. Oh man. Are the chiefs the worst 11 one team that we've seen? I say yes. I say yes. But it is one thing about reaching the Super Bowl. It's one thing about reaching the playoffs. You know what, it's 50% skill coaching and having the players and it's 50% luck.


And luck has been on that side. Luck has been on that side. On the opposing side of that 50% is also having Patrick Mahome at the ham, some situ where in some situations he's been the reason why you're winning those games because he Oh, for sure. Because it's his decision making in the most important times in the games. You know, you put another quarterback back there, I don't think, I don't, I don't think outside of the games ending with block field goals or or field goals attempt to win a game. I don't think that the, their record is still the same if there's a different quarterback back there. No, I think that, and also to, to echo what you just said, Ocho, is that he's great when he has to be great.


You look at that Philly game in the second half, they're down big go touchdown, touchdown, touchdown field goal. If he at any point in time, he doesn't score. Right. They're not beating Philly, they lose the game. Yeah. If you look at San Francisco, San Francisco kicks the field goal. Now that was dumb on San Francisco. I don't know why they would take the ball in a situation or why they took the ball. Right? But it's like, oh, we just figured no bro, it doesn't work like that. Right. So now you let the opposing team see what you, what what they need. They going forward on fourth down, you just gave them an extra down every, every, every what you call every possession ocho. Right? So now it ain't no third down.


There is no such thing as a third down. 'cause everything is fourth down because I'm going for it Ocho I'm going for it. 'cause I know I need to And there ain't no choice. Right. Ain't got no choice. But you let me see what I needed. But when he has to be great, he's great every time when they, and but they ocho another five sacks from the Raiders. They got five last week against, against Carolina. And look, Carolina is playing better, but Carolina ain't gonna be nowhere near the playoffs. ocho Yeah. And think about it. And they got a big drop. They got a caught a break. They got a big drop from X ocho.


I hate saying the worst 11 in one team. That's like saying, man, that joke over there, the broke billionaire I ever seen. I mean that sound that really does sound oxymoron, doesn't it? It does. Yeah, it does. I mean, all the dude is a billionaire. How, how is somebody a broke billionaire? Right? I mean, how is somebody bad at 11 and one? I mean, you might be, you know, you'll ga you 500 or you are slightly above, but they've only lost one game. Yeah. And they're, they're trying to do something that's unprecedented. So I hate to say that, but boy man, I'm just watching them. I'm like, and I just, I I watch very, I'm like, how y'all winning these games?


Yeah. The the math. Math. And so especially, look, the defense still just held him tonight to 17 points. But if you look at Buffalo, they gave up 30 to Buffalo. That was the first time they had given up that many points in almost a year and a half. They gave up 30, then they give up 30 plus to Carolina. And that's what's concerning if the defense was continually holding people down. Right. I was like, okay, but what hap happens when the levee bust, when all the water comes spewing out, can those tackles hold up and give Patrick Mahomes the time that he needs?


Right. That's what they're gonna end up have. Like I said, if Trent Williams becomes available, they should make Trent Williams the highest paid left tackle again in football. Yeah. Now you might not get three in a row, but you damn sure be favor to go get, get Patrick Mahomes number five. Number four. Because if you gotta left tackle now I, Hey, I ain't even worried about T do. Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna slide the protection to the right. Hey dub, you got it. Everything don't give damn mood of dub. You got it. And not only can he pass block, he a hell. Hey, he nasty. Oh, on the run he a hell of a run block. I don't want no part of that. I I I don't want no part of that. I'm not even in the trenches.


Yeah. Oh, Carolina had 27, someone said so they won 30 27 on the field walk off field goal. Yeah. Yeah. That I'm just looking at the, I'm just looking at the offensive line plate. I'm like, damn, I don't know how much longer it's gonna be. Interesting. They still got the Broncos. The Broncos are like second, maybe they second or third in Sacks. Right? It might be one. But they're, they are very high up in Sacks where the Broncos and Sacks. I think the, the, the, the, the, the Ravens are up there also in Sacks.


Okay. Broncos are one in Sacks and they got the Broncos again this time in Denver. And you know, the Broncos always play 'em tough. Even when they had great, great team, team that was winning the Super Bowl. I mean the Broncos played 'em tough. Right. The Broncos play 'em tough. And so it's gonna be very, very interesting to see how this thing play out moving forward. Like I said, they gonna play some defense that can pressure the quarterback. If you get Pittsburgh, they can pressure the quarterback. Yeah. The Broncos, you play them again. You might get them in the playoffs. If they get in, they can pressure the quarterback, the Ravens number three in Sacks. They can get after the quarterback. But I don't, deep down, I don't think the, I don't think the Chiefs feel the Ravens as great as Lamar Jackson is. And he's been sensational since his second year of starting.


I mean his first year Full-time starting. Right. Which you won the MVP. He's been sensational, but I don't think, I don't think the Chiefs fear them. Nah, I listen I don't think the Chief's fear anybody. Especially not two times Super Bowl, super Bowl championship three times winning Chiefs I, don I. Don't think they're fear anybody at all. As long as they got 15 out there. Yeah. Now we, oh we good. We gonna be all right O Joe. Well, it happened, it took a lot, a little bit. Well it didn't take as long. I mean, we didn't think it would take this long, but it they, the Bears did it. Matt Ebra flu was fired after sixth straight loss. Damn. Caleb Williams said he changed the final play call at the end of the game. I ended up changing the play because we had 13 seconds.


Any play that you have with 13 seconds with no time, well we have a timeout. But with that situation, 13 seconds to make a call and try to get a snap and try to take a shot. That's why you call timeout with 33 seconds. Right. So you don't have 13 seconds, seconds. Guess how much time you got now? Ocho You got 33. 33. Yeah. So now all I need, if I can get 10 yards, all I wanna do is get 10 yards. They're gonna look, I they're not gonna, they're gonna, they're not gonna let me out of bounds. I know that they're gonna play the boundaries because you don't have any time outs. Right. But, but even if they play the boundaries, Ocho I don't care. I don't care. I can get my field goal unit on. I can get the guys that's not on the field goal, unit off and I can get a kick up, get a kick snap down, kick in 18 seconds or less, 18 seconds.


That's the cutoff we use. Now some people say they can stretch it and maybe get it to 16, but our motto was we always wanted 18 seconds. Right. And we practiced it religiously go and hey. Yeah, But he was let go Brave, safe bear safety. Jaque Jaquan Brisker didn't hold back when the news of his head coach was fired. He said, God, don't make mistakes. You know what that mean? We saw, we saw last, last night, we saw Keenan Allen said the players played well enough to win the game.


All Right. That's, that's two times the underlying tone tells you all you need to know. The frustration was already built up. It was continuing to build. The players were frustrated. dj, you Can't keep making the same mistakes to ocho. Huh? It's like a, it's like a OCHO is like a player. Teams will tolerate a player if he makes a mistake, but you keep making the same mistake, they're gonna say either it's the way we teaching it or the way you learning it. Right. Or you just don't give a f. Yeah. Now if they, if maybe you are a visual, I'm a visual learner. ocho. Yes sir. You just couldn't tell it.


I need to see it on the board. Right. Let me see it on the board or let me see it on, or let me see it on the page. Let me see it on the paper. Okay. You want me to go here? Okay. Okay, now I got you. I got you right bro. Chad, they will get your ass up outta there if you keep making the same mistake. Quick, Quick or unless you elite, you got, you gotta keep elite. Now the, but if you elite, You ain't gonna keep making that same mistake. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You're right. You're right. But the better you, the better you are at your position, the more value you hold to a team, the more grace you get. Yeah. True.


Absolutely. But you just couldn't have him keep making that mistake. Think about all the games that they've lost the last six that's come down to one possession. Now I don't put that blame on him for the, the, the Hail Mary. Right. Because he called the time out. He had 'em, what you call him and, and, and, and, and, and, and 29 was horse jacking around. I mean, you know, he was, he was bull jiving. Don't Joe, he was bull and then they called it, they, they they, they had Green Bay dead to right and then that kid get blocked and they said we should have, my thinking is Ocho, if they blocked it, they were gonna block it.


You guys got you guys gotta what you call 'em, you gotta hold up. Yeah. Just because you line Up to kick a field goal, that doesn't mean they gonna let you. If you know it used to be on Cho when you line up to kick a PAT Ocho, they would let you guys wouldn't even rush. Yeah. Now because they backed it up. Say what? 10, 15 yards guys rush. They actually try to block the p They feel, they feel like that they have a better chance of doing now. So who is the best coach to fix the bears? Hey, I I, I said it, I said it yesterday and I'm, I'm gonna say it again. I like Belichick. I like Belichick. Willie actually take the job. I'm not sure, but I know where he goes.


I'm not out. He has to have a quarterback at the him. And he has a, he has a quarterback and ca he does, He has a, he is a quarterback in Caleb Williams. You know, and if there's anybody that Caleb Williams can benefit from as a head coach, it would be the court. I mean, the coach that has six, seven Super Bowl rings, you know, I mean, that's just me. I could be wrong. Some people might not like it, but I like it. New England, Chicago, same weather, you know, windy city, snowy city, you know, I mean Bill's used to that type of atmosphere. You talking about giving, if he had the opportunity to coach man, the organization gonna give the keys over the bill.


Allow 'em, we're gonna let you do what you need to do to put us in position to be a winning team year in and year out and compete for a championship. I know that. I think the thing that's concerning to me is that Coach Belichick only knows one way to coach and he wants to coach everybody. All his quarterbacks, like he coached Tom. Tom could take that type of coaching. Everybody can't take that type of coaching ocho. Right? But as a coach, the really great coaches know how to get through to a player using different techniques and tactics to get the same point across. Right. You can't dog cuss. You can't, you can't be condescending. You can't be flippant or dismissive just because, well, I was that way with Tom.


Okay. Yeah. You might be one way in a relationship with one young lady, but you try that with another young lady, she gonna slap five the same thing. You might be one way with one boyfriend, right. Or in a relationship with someone and you talk to them that way. They not gonna tolerate that. But the objective is to understand what is the best way Ocho, that I can get through this player that I, that he understands what I'm trying to say. Right? Some people you can coach like Tom Brady, clearly Tom, but see, the thing with Tom, Tom and I saw this very early on. Tom wanted Coach Belichick's approval because one time he wanted to say Tom, he did a great job, right?


Tom, he never did that. He said the team played well. It wasn't just Tom. A lot of other coaches were always, Hey, Peyton played unbelievable. Aaron Rogers played great, John, John Elway, Dan Marto, yada yada, yada. Coaches would, that's not what Coach Belichick did. We had a lot of guys to play. Well, Tom, well, he didn't have open heart surgery when he got stitches in his palm. That's what Tom wanted because he looked at Coach Belichick like a second. Father Tom wants to prove, we all wants to be, see when people say a validation, yes we do because we want validation. We play up a great season, send me to the Pro Bowl, give me my all pro honors, give me MVP, give me defensive player of the year.


Rookie of the year. That is validation. And people say, well, I don't care. No. Yes you do. You want that Oscar, you want that Emmy, you want that Grammy you want to be number one on the billboards. You do, you want it, you want that promotion on your job. That's validation. Oh, so you work the same job and you don't want to get promoted. I'm cool. I stay, I worked 30 years at a No, you want to get promoted. Right? That's validation. Tom wanted that from Coach Belichick and, but Coach Belichick was unwilling to give that to him. But that didn't stop Tom from trying win after win Super Bowl. After Super Bowl. Coach Belichick looks at it like this.


Coach Belichick didn't have that type of relationship with the players because he never wanted to get close because he knew at some point in time, coach Joe, he's gonna have to cut those players. He's gonna have to trade those players. It's kind of like in the military. That's why they don't let high, let higher ups have relationship with subordinates. It clouds your judgment. Coach Belichick says, I'm not gonna let any of these players cloud my judgment, so I'm gonna keep 'em at a distance. As my grandfather used to say, boy, I'm gonna feed you with a long handle spoon. Right. Which means I'm not gonna let you get too close to me. Coach Belichick needs to understand everybody doesn't have the skin, excuse me, that Tom had.


So you can't coach him like that. Yeah. How do I coach this guy, make that, but get the same results that I got outta coaching another guy another way. Right. I mean he, he he done been around the game long enough, man, you know, he gotta think about how long he been around the game. I Yes. He, he, he's dealt with different players and I'm sure he can adjust especially through, you know, to the times that, well, Why I need Justin with Mac Jones. Oh, Mac Jones was, was horrible. Coach Ocho w well hell, when you give me somebody, Hey, I tell you what Ocho I'm gonna have a defensive lineman to be your receiver coach. I'm gonna have him trying to tell you how to run rocks. How this gonna work for you Ocho?


Well, and you, you know, I'm not talking about No, see now you looking at your year six or year seven. I'm talking about a year two. You hear what I said, huh? Even if you have someone that's coaching by a position that's not his original position, you still have to be able to play sad position And. if you can't get, oh, Joe, the guy went to the Pro Bowl as a rookie, so he just forgot how to play Mac Jones led him to the playoffs and went to the, and went to the Pro Bowl. So he just got how forgot how to play. I know. We, we, we, we, we can't, we can't, you know how cons, you know how hard it is to be consistent year in and year out. Now we, yeah, we cannot, we can't just put that on. You know how some people have, some people have what's we call it, right?


A artist come out and be a one hit wonder. You know, it's about, it's about stacking those, that stacking that consistency up year in and year out. It happens all the time. You seen somebody go to a Pro Bowl one year, then the next few years, well what the hell happened to them? Now we can't blame 'em, the coaches, I'm not saying Mac, I'm not saying Mac Jones was going to be the 15th or the 20th. Greatest quarterback of all time. Right? But that guy had potential. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He threw, He took a team to the playoffs. Is it easy to go to the playoffs? Whoa. Absolutely not. Exactly. Absolutely not. And he did that. But see, that's the arrogance of Coach Belichick because he believed it doesn't matter who you gonna have a special teams coach that's never called a play and a defensive coordinator, that's never called an offensive play.


That's what you're gonna give your young quarterback coach Joe. There's no denying that Coach Belichick knows the game of football. Oh yeah. But the objective is, is to put the right people in place to not only coach the game, but in order to play the game. Right? Mm. It's gonna be very, very interesting. And plus, OCHO people look at Coach Belichick, okay? They look at Cleveland, no quarterback, very, very, very average. They look at no quarterback, very, very to below average. And they look at this big sample size.


Tom Brady, many believe the gold quarterback. Tremendous success. So what Coach Belichick are we getting? Right? Hey, I don't know. That's a good question. I know one thing, I I know I, you can't deny his resume. You can't his resume and Chicago needs something with a resume like that. But you gotta understand, look at Caleb. He's a young guy. Yeah. If you think you could talk to young guys like he talked to Tom. Yeah. No, but I'm sure he can. But you Got a real, here's the difference. Ho ho. Here's the difference. Tom was a six brown draft pick trying Caleb Williamson, number one overall draft pick.


He ain't going nowhere. Right. Yeah. I see, I see. Where you going with it? You see how guys, guys that get high draft pick, they don't, they don't be listening to you like guys, I mean something. Not all, but guys that feel sixth, seventh, undrafted free agent. What you need from me? Coach? You right coach. Okay. First round, round of said man, please. But you know, he, but he wouldn't act like that. Especially at the quarterback position. You know, he ain't gonna be like that. You just said all the time how he read Tom Brady for a throw when they lost in the playoffs. What you mean? He thought, Hey, listen. No, I'm, I was talking about Kayla, I said Caleb wouldn't be like that. But also he was setting the precedent for, for those coming in.


You know, I remember that was the, the first meeting, first time I was like, what the fuck going on here? What's wrong baby? Huh? Who call who you call baby French fry. You can't, you can't hear her singing baby. Come say hello to uncle. Come on. She just waking up. Oh, okay. So we have a, we have a, we haven't decided on the coach yet, so we'll see. Yeah. Cam Newton calls our tour's. Arm strength tour's.


Arm strength is exposed in cold weather. The verdict is out when scouting Miami Dolphins because UA doesn't have the arm in cold weather. O ocho Yeah. Are the, if, are the Dolphins woes to his arm. Mike McDaniel coaching, what is the blame for the inability to get winds consistently when the temperature drops below 30? You Know what? That's a, that's a great question. I'm, I'm not sure it sure what it is now. We can't blame Mike, Mike McDaniel. We can blame Tua. You know, the arm strings has always been a thing that people have complained about many of times. And he always has shown the doubters that that doesn't matter. I'm not sure it's the, in the inclement weather, you know, especially with it being cold, that doesn't affect, you know, you being able to throw the ball, you know, through the wind.


It wasn't even windy. It was just cold the other night. Now it, it, when it started, it started, it started coming. The snow started coming, it started like a cross wind. And I saw some player from the Packers. So them boys didn't wanna be out there. They was cold, they was shivering. Yeah. I obviously, obviously they were cold. But you think about dolphins, the history of the dolphins playing in cold weather. It, they've always, they've always been, you know, abysmal in cold weather for some reason. And obviously being in Miami, that might have some type of effect on you when you're always in 80 degree weather and then it's time to go play somewhere cold. Right. What the problem is, I actually do not know I, don't know mentally, especially as a Dolphins player, when you're going to those games where you're playing 30, 30 and below 20 degrees, wherever it may be, you have to lock in.


You gotta lock in and not even really care about the weather around you or the task at hand. It's only four quarters. How well can I play for four quarters so I can go out here and get my ass back on a plane and back to Miami with a w I? Don't know. How can you Here on it's all, it's all here. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Ain't here. It's cold. I know. Even if it's cold. But you only block the, you only block the coal out up here. That's the only way to do it. And that cold different See you when you go to, when you, when you from a warm climate and you go to like the, that Midwest cold, that's that bone crunching cold, that thing get in your bones and woo.


I mean, because think about it, when they stepped off that plane, damn, we ain't in, we ain't in Miami no more. We ain't on South Beach, huh? Yeah. Nope. The ground, the ground cold. Right. You don't be wanting to drink I don't be wanting to drink no water. 'cause the water get on you is cold. Ah, man. And we knew, we get certain teams that came more like the Dolphins. We played them in the playoffs. Yeah. They won't none of that. Don't you? Nah. And it's so, it's so funny. I, I'm from Miami, I'm from Miami, born and raised every bit of D County and Liberty City. But I love playing in the cold weather. I could not wait until we got to November in December and Cincinnati, regardless of what our record may have been.


I'm on cold, please hurry up. But my wanting to enjoy the cold playing in New England, planning in, in Boston. I'm, I'm, I'm saying the same playing in Green Bay. If after the opportunity present itself, playing again, champ Bailey in John Lynch in Denver when it was cold later on the season, you know what? At halftime, I don't gotta get no goddamn iv. I ain't gotta get no IV because I, I would cramp, I would cramp in my calf, in my calves. Almost every game. Made Them little calves. I don't believe. Nah, not little man. Oh, you gotta understand. I play, I play, I was 6, 6 4, 2 20, you know, but I, I I don't know. It's weird. I'm not sure what the Dolphins could do, man.


'cause this has been going on so long historically for the Dolphins, you know, it is to his arm. You know, it it is, it's, it is always, it's always, it's always something. And it damn sure ain't Mike McDaniels. They're gonna have to find, I mean, look, unless they get home field throughout the playoffs, they're gonna end up having to go to Buffalo. Every, I mean, look, Buffalo isn't going anywhere. Mahomes isn't going anywhere. Josh McDaniel or Josh Allen, excuse me, isn't going anywhere. Yeah. So, and Josh Allen is in your division. Yeah. So unless you get home field, snatch that away from him and you force people to come to Miami when the weather might be nice. Well probably be nice. You might get some, you might get some rain.


It be nice. But that, but that's it. You not gonna, likelihood of you getting snow 20 degrees, 10 degrees, you not gonna get no weather like you got in Kansas City when y'all took y'all ass out there last year. So that's what you gotta hope for Ocho. You've got to put yourself in a situation where I don't have, I don't have to go there. Yeah. 'cause you gotta go there. 'cause you're probably gonna have to go to Baltimore. You're gonna have to go to Kansas City. You're gonna have to go to Buffalo. Yeah. You might probably gonna have to go to Pittsburgh. I see those places. All Those places. It can easily be below 30. Yeah. But it might be below 20. Yeah, that's, that's do it. Below Baltimore is manageable. You know, know Kansas City is manageable.


Now you talk about going to Green Bay now. That's a, now that's a different ball game now. No, Kansas City ain't manageable. You saw how they looked back there last year. You saw luxurious Sne Jam. Tyreek because Tyree was cold. You saw that Tyreek had done, got used to Tyreek had done got used to Miami. Yeah. Man, it's different. At cold, you Gotta function differently. You gotta get your mind and you look, you really have to get your mind right to play in cold weather. It ain't no man, I'm, I'm good. Nah, she No, you not good. You not. No, you not. It starting that week, man. And it's hard Ocho because there's nothing they can use to simulate it.


You see in Denver, we going to play in cold. It's, we outside, it's Cold. We go to Kansas City, we go to Pittsburgh and we go to Green Bay, wherever the case may be. You used to it Cleveland. It's cold. We used yeah, We used to it. And a lot of times How do you simulate that? If you are in the warm weather, you just can't open the door. Because a lot of times, even when we going inside, they open the door. They let the cold come in. Right. Because sometimes it was snowing so bad and we couldn't, they couldn't throw the snow off the field. We did have heating coils on the field that was closest to the, closest to the, the building. Right now they got, they upgraded, they about to upgrade again.


Look, it got unbel unbelievable facilities. But you gotta prepare your, you gotta start preparing yourself that week before ocho. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. But it's, it is hard. 'cause it is, it is hard. It it is, it's hard to emulate. I just got, I got it, man. Here I, I, I'm weird. I I got appreciation for that cold. 20 degrees, 30 degrees, 40 50. Man, bring it on. I ain't, I ain't lying. I ain't no appreciate. I I ain't wearing no sleeves either. Oh. I'm practicing the sleeve. I'm giving, I'm putting on everything they gave me. You know, you Can't, you can, you can't feel the ball. Huh? You heard me? No, no, no. Not in the game. Not in the game. Okay. Practice. I was gonna say. Yeah, I don't like that. We ain't got no heated benches. We ain't got no crowd to gimme no boost.


Right. And I ain't got no adrenaline going. Right. She kissed my ass, kissed my tail up. I'm not going out. Hold on. Y'all ain't had heated benches back then? No, we had not for practice. Oh. You talking about practice? I thought that I'm in the game. I'm in the game. Yeah, we got it for the game. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Mike, you ain't getting no heated bitches for no Practice. Oh nah. Hell nah. You don't need it for, that's What I'm saying. So I'm putting on everything. You absolutely right. I'm not, look, I'm not gonna be so cumbersome, but I can't move. Right. Because all of a sudden you look at sluggish out there, Mike was like, what the hell going on? So, but you know, the linemen, the linemen, linemen come out there no matter how cold it was. Yeah. The linemen are coming out there with shorts. Yeah. And they coming out there with no sleeves. No Sleeves.


Always. Always. And all of them was like that. It wasn't just like one every lineman, no matter how cold Yeah. They was out there with shorts your pads on and short sleeves. Yeah. Short. Kiss my tail. I ain't, I'm not going out there like that. Absolutely not. I got on a turtleneck, I got on You had the on, you had the turtleneck on. Well sure. At practice. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I'm not fitting, boy. I'm not Finn go out there Ocho you know, and, and, and, and, and, and practice. Once you get co once you start shivering It's Over's a wrap. It's a wrap. It's over.


Wait, unless they have, well y'all had, you know, we had the heater, the, the blower what you call the big heater thing? Yeah. Yeah. The blower. No, we ain't got that. Oh. You see? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So if, if, if you get caught where you get in that position where you cold and you start shivering, we did have the, the heaters on the sideline. I'm talking about we had that. I'm Talking about in practice now. I'm not, I'm talking about to No, Mike ain't have that. Oh, wow. And that's why I was like, I already know me because hey, hey I don. You don't know. Hey, I got me. Hey Mike, I gotta go in. I gotta, you know, gotta handle some business. He's like, go on in there, 84. I'm up there in front of the heaters. Oh Sure. I'm looking at the window out. Y'all lying to me, Please.


Hey, back outside, man, it done got cold out there bad, but hey, ain't nothing like that. Man. Your TV throw ain't nothing you can do on, Hey, once some toes in them fingertips get cold. Yeah. Man, boy, it's it, boy. You got, you got number hell to deal with after that. Mm. Hey I, don. Hey, they, hey. I go today. Hey Mike. I think something about something didn't Green River today, man, I need to go on there. They the bathroom. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Damn. I sure hope don't nobody come in here and see me standing in front of this heater.


Okay. Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar, listen Pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing in Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta Sky Miles member means more than just earning miles and enjoying great travel. It's your gateway to Sky Miles experiences. Your new favorite place to unlock unforgettable events. You can even access exclusive events like a styling session. With me, Rachel Zoe. I'll personally guide you and a guest through a New York City shopping trip as your personal style consultant. You'll get a gift card too, so you can take home some of the items we select together. And then I'll host you for a chic happy hour. Delta Sky Miles members have access to other amazing events too. From courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining experiences all by using your miles. It's the perfect way to turn your miles into memories. So head over to delta.com/experiences to discover your next experience and start creating your favorite moments today, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms Apply


With at t in-car wifi. Elevate your adventure by transforming your vehicle into a reliable wifi hotspot. Connect up to 10 devices Up to 50 feet away from your vehicle, making it ideal for camping and road trips. Don't miss out on the fun. Embark on your next adventure today. Visit att.com/incar wifi to check if you're eligible for a free trial. Always pay careful attention to the road and don't drive distracted wifi hotspot intended for passenger use only when vehicle is in operation compatible device. And vehicle required.


D beauty's Black Friday sale has arrived. for a limited time, take 30% off site wide with code 30. That's right, 30% off the clean, luxurious skincare and perfumes you love. And maybe a few you've been dying to try. Now is your chance to stock up on your favorite serums. Pamper yourself with indulgent body oils and check off those holiday gifts for your loved ones. From rejuvenating eye serums to clean retinol alternatives. Dime offers master aesthetician founded skincare that truly delivers. And don't forget about their luxurious non-toxic perfumes. Whether you wanna look your best this holiday or jumpstart a fresh effective skincare routine for the new year, make dime your one-stop destination for clean beauty. But hurry, this sale ends Monday. Over 2 million happy customers and thousands of glowing five star reviews. Prove it. This is the sale of the year that you absolutely cannot miss. So head over to DIME Beauty co.com. That's DIME Beauty co.com for 30% off dime's bestselling skincare, happy shopping


OCHO In the last home game at Folsom Field in front of the home crowd, Travis Hunter and Shado Sanders. Hey, put on a show. Yes, they did. Colorado demolished Oklahoma State 52 to nothing to keep their slim playoff hopes alive. Prime told Colorado going to respond after the 37 21 law. The buffaloes didn't just respond, they obliterated the opposition. It was Colorado's long, largest margin of victory since beating the golfers, the Minnesota Gophers. 58 to nothing in 1991. Shado.


Sanders was 34 or 41. 4 38, 5 touchdowns and an interception. Shado, excuse me, Travis Hunter. 10 catches a buck. 16, three touchdowns, a pick two class breakups. They had. Yeah, Travis was no, Chado was 31 or 41. 4 38. Five touchdowns, one in deception. Webster, Webster, excuse me, had 11 catches a buck. 75, 2 touchdowns. Oh, Travis Hunter 10 catches. 1 16, 3 touchdowns. I think his name is Will Shepherd had six catches for 67 yards.


I like this because this is what Prime knew. Prime knew that they boys state was gonna try to give Gente as many carriages as he can handle and let him try to get as many yards as he can. Yeah. And he says, I'm not gonna let y'all, I'm not, I'm not gonna just get up a big and take my dog, call my dogs off. Right. Trav stay out there because I want them to. I want them to. I let 'em know just how great you are. Can I interest you in ten four bucks, 16 to three touchdowns? Yeah. Can I interest you in a pick? Can I interest you in two pass breakup? Can I interest y'all in that? Yeah, he left. No doubt at all. No doubt that he's going to win the Heisman Trophy in December.


What is that? The first week of December? So this next Saturday, isn't it? It's, it's normally the first Saturday. It's normally the first Saturday in December. December 14th, they backed it up. Okay. Oh yeah. Because you know they got, they got conference play now ocho, right? Yep. Conference. So conference play would be LA next weekend. Yeah. I, there's no question in my mind, he's the best college player. Look and there's nothing, look, Aston Genti had an unbelievable season. Crazy. 2000, what is, he had 2000 and is he at 2020?


Was it 2086? Well, we know Barry. Barry Ru Barry rushed for 26, 25 and 11 games and he had another 225 yards and five touchdowns in the holiday bowl that they didn't count that. So he would've been over 2,800 yards and over 40 touchdowns in 12 games. Which, I mean, think about how much, how many yards you would literally, you would literally have to rush like 250 yards a game. Ojo to beat that. Yeah. Two, two.


Eight. Eight. So he has 20, he has twenty two hundred and eighty eight yards and he has the conference championship next week. Right. Okay. So Barry's 26, 25, 26, 28. So he's about what, 350? 340 something yards. 3 34.


Three 40. But I love what I saw from Colorado three 40 man ocho. If they could have just got Canvas now they're going to the, the Big 12 championship game. Yeah. With a chance to go. No question. They're going to the, what you call 'em, they'll be going to the college football playoff. So now they have, they have to rely on two, two or three teams to lose Iowa, if I'm not mistaken. Is it Iowa or Iowa State? I think it's Iowa State. Yeah, They, yeah. So hopefully, hopefully everything goes in their favor and they, they make it make it to the playoffs. I think they can, they can, they can call some hell now they can call some hell and call some havoc depending on who they matched up with.


So, you know, that's it is here. Here's the hope they do make it. Yeah, he could. He could easily, but how many games have he played? 12, 13. He's played 12 games. He's played 12 games. So he's already played one more game. I don't think he's getting three 40. Who did they play? Who did they play? Okay. Yeah. And they gonna play college. He got, got got gotta go play a game in the college football playoff. And they gonna give him as many care as he need. Because I can see that.


I can see that. So he needs a hundred because if they, what, what if, what if they lose this game? You think they make the college football? Who did? But who could it possibly be, man, how to Colorado State and what you call beat the brakes up there. Yeah. Yeah. So they're guaranteed at least two more games O Joe. And so he's probably gonna need, he's gonna need 340 yards and two games.


Mm. And There haven't been very many games this year that he's gotten held under 170 yards. And I think this is why I, I think this is why Prime Left, left his guys in. Right. That he is like, look, no, no, no, no, no, no. I know it's 35. Nothing is sold. We gonna finish this, we gonna finish this thing out. Right. And Travis, his last game at Folsom Field, nobody in Colorado is gonna re gonna to not be not remember him. They're gonna remember him forever. Mm. You can make the case. He's the greatest college Colorado player ever. I mean, Cordell, Rashan Salam, Brian Byron Rizzo White, he was a chief, he was a Supreme Court Justice.


He went there. But it's hard. They had Westbrook, they've had some great defender. You know, they had afr, Alfred Williams and they had Hudson and they had a lot of different guy, Eric Bmy, JJ Flanagan. They've had some guys. Yeah, but it's gonna be hard to say that they're better, better players than Travis Hunter. No. Radio Georgia's losing what? 17? Nothing. Georgia Tech Really. Lemme who I remote at. No. 'cause if I, if I turn that on, I'm gonna be looking to my left. Don't worry about it. But Sha DOA threw the ball exception.


Well today, 34 41 4 38 set. He, he broke his own record. He had the most touchdown passes in a single season. He upped that. Now what's he at now? Like 34. He most passing yards in a single season. I think he broke Coy DE's record back in the mid nineties when he was playing for Rick New Heisel. Yeah. He said an all time single season passing record. The previous record was 3,527 yards set by Coy Detmer with another game to play. So he has an opportunity to, to to, to move that even further. Ocho Travis Hunter, he had already had, he was the Heisman front runner and today was his most impressive game of his career.


A three touchdown performance and won an interception. A couple of pass breakups. Hunter had 10 catches for a hundred 16 yards. Three touchdowns. His fourth interception on the season with the regular season and stat book offensively. He had 92 receptions. 1,152 yards. 14 receiving touchdowns. One Russian touchdown on defense. He had four interception with a lot of quarterbacks not even thrown in his direction. He is the best collegiate player in football. We've never seen a guy that could do what he did on both sides of the ball. Nope. Maybe you can find a guy that was better than he was on one side or the other. Yeah. But when you combine the two, nothing, nobody not in the history of the game has been better than this kid.


What he did this year. Nobody. Not even close my shit. Huh? Sudor has 35 touchdowns this season with a chant with With another game. With another game. They're gonna get a bowl game. So he has an opportunity to add to that. I mean, he's probably close to 4,000 yards, isn't he? He threw for 4 38. 3 4 8 8. That's where he at now. Okay. No added. So you add 3, 4, 8 8 plus 4 38. 1626 is 74 yards away from 4,000.


Woo. So what bro, I mean for a guy that says the only reason he was throwing good because he was at Jackson State, He proved everybody wrong. Travis Hunter wasn't gonna be able to do that either. At Jackson State Coach. Prime was good, but he was coaching at Jackson State. You always gonna have your doubters, you know that. Yeah, for sure. Always gonna have your doubters. Good motivation. Not that you need it. 'cause half us have us, we already self-motivated anyway. But it's a little nice little fuel for the fire. Prove. Yeah. Few were few prove a few people wrong.


Ain't nothing wrong with that. But they'll move the goalpost and then say something else Depending on who it is. Oh, you know, they, you know, you know that game they play Don't no, Just the hater. Just the hater. The haters always goal. Know The game they play. But it was a very impressive performance that scored 21 in the first quarter. None in the second. 17 in the third, 14 in the, in the fourth. And they won by the score. 52, nothing. Shado Sanders 34 41 4 38 5 touchdowns and Travis Har Ted, four buck 16, three touchdowns, another pick pass breakup. Couple of tackles. Wester had 11 catches for a buck 75 and two touchdowns. And they completely, this is what you do to a team that's three at eight coming in.


Let 'em know that early on. Okay. Y'all can quit now. Y'all stop. We ain't to let you hang around. Nope. Nope. The buffaloes kept their slim hopes alive for the big 12 appearance or Joe, they need at least two other things. Two of the three teams sitting at six and two in the big 12 Arizona State and and Iowa State and BYU to lose Arizona State placed rival Arizona. Arizona's terrible. While Iowa State hosts Kansas State, BYU host Houston. Yeah. So they just need any two of these to lose. Right? Right. Or they need all three of them. Two of them. Two of the three. Okay.


What's the, what's the Chances? Arizona State is on the road at Arizona, but Arizona real aint, ain't ain't too good. It bad, huh? Yeah, Kansas State. It's okay. But they're on the road. They're in, they're in Ames. They're in Oakland at Iowa State and BYU Host Houston and the words of Florida Evans ocho. Damn, damn, damn, damn.


Can y'all done The Volume


This holiday season? Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel Core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game with without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out For details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs meyers.com now.


Oh man, Nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chew right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side use is directed


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa, when she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa, to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.