
This Mother's Day, wrap her in love, withm Couture. Give mom the softest hug ever with one of our luxurious cozy blankets. The perfect way to say you are cherished. You are loved. From movie nights to quiet moments, just for herm Couture makes everyday feel extra special. Shop now@miccouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find the perfect blanket for the perfect mom. Mic couture. Wrap her in. Love this Mother's Day, The Volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. If you play, if you love sports that has a series, the most important words you can have, game seven. Everybody loves Game seven. If you are a basketball, baseball, hockey, something that has a series in the playoffs, game seven is where it's at. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host of Liberty City Legend, the bingo ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler all pro laced out like he just got off a plane from Hawaii. That's Chad Ochoco Johnson and the guy that's joining us tonight.


Woo. Five time NBA champ. Beg Shop Bob from the University of Alabama, Houston Rocket Phoenix. He had a little brief stay over there. I mean he had a cup of coffee in Phoenix, but yeah, you all know him. Been loving from his stint with the Lakers and the San Antonios first. Here yours later. And gentlemen, big shot Bob. Mr. Robert Oring. Thanks for joining us man. Thanks for having me. But You know what? I gotta correct you dog. You shortchanged man. Sal, I forgot about the Rockets, man. Dog. You rock Duke. I forgot about the Rockets. I was just thinking about the Lakers and the Spur. You kicked it off way, way before Bootie. Yeah, You know, I like my favorite saying one morning of your favorite player.


Nah, not man. Thank you for doing good, man. We really appreciate that. Guys, make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your support. Whether you're purchasing merch, whether you're purchasing La Porter, downloads all your views watching Nightcap, the family at Nightcap. We thank you for your support and your continued support. Make sure you check out SHA by La Porter. We do have it in stock. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of its platforms.


She, Shea Media and my clothing company at 84 with the link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited. Once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, yc, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@sheamedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pen in the chat. The guest lineup is looking great. You guys don't wanna miss out. So if we come to a city near you, make sure you check out your favorite dunk in ocho. Get your tickets now. Game seven.


The rockets. Yep, the rockets are going back home. Thanks to a, a definitive, now don't let the score fool you one 15 to 1 0 8. But when they emptied the benches, I think, if I'm not mistaken, they were down by like 15. But the Rockets did an unbelievable job. They got great performances. Fred Van Fleet played 40 minutes. He was six or nine from the 3, 9 0 9 from the free throw line. 29 big points. Shung Goon had 21 and 14 and six. He played outstanding. But Rob, You know this, when you play on the road and you're trying to force a game seven or you're trying to close out a series, you start, your guys that you count on need to play Well yeah, but you need to get some production from somebody.


You don't expect it. Now, I don't know if this is the most points that Stephen Adams has ever scored in a game. I know it's not the most rebound or the most blocked, but this might be the most impactful game that he's played his entire career. And he's played a lot of playoff basketball games. He's played a lot of games. But tonight I believe he was the difference maker because he got rebounds. He kept possessions alive, he block shot, he changed it. When they went to that big lineup with him and Cha goon in there, that changed. That changed it. Go ahead Rob. Yeah, You know the one thing you can't teach is size. And I say that all the time, You know, you just, he say your, your your favorite team just went down because they, they elected not to use their size.


And when you got a small team, go State is a small team. Very, and You know, and we know how strong Draymond is, but he ain't strong as Steven Adams and Steven Adams. He even, he'd be carving out that room. He be grabbing rebounds, be pushing people out the way he's an enforcer. When you got guys, if you look at this Rockets team outside of Dylan and Raven Cha goon, they all little guys. And so you need protectors out there on that floor and and that's what Stephen Adam is, You know, shit, he look at Ja Jas missing that right now. So Yep. You need a guy like that. Oh Joe. I mean you look, you looking at this and I thought, I thought Jabari Smith Jr. He made like two or three buckets with the shock clock winding down.


He had two big threes. He had one string, he got up off the floor. There was a scramble for the ball ran. Fleet gets it and kicks it back. He gets up off the floor. Hell, I thought it was Ray Allen for just a second. Yeah. Not the scale of the game, but he gets up off the floor and he cans a three As Golden State was trying to make their move, trying to create a turnover. I thought the bench was outstanding for the Houston Rockets tonight. I think they got 32, 32 big points. No 16, 33, 36 big points from the bench. The guys played really well. The starters played well. Brooks got in foul trouble and Udo didn't ha didn't have a choice but to send him to the bench. But I thought their backup played extremely well. Your role players, you got what you expected from Van Fleet outside of that first two games.


He's been light side rock from the three point line. He's been going crazy. I mean crazy. And then you got Shung Goon, he's an all star for a reason. He gave you that and then you get Adams coming off the bench and giving you what he gave you. They got a lot of confidence 'cause they went back to back game. They forced the game six now they forced the game. Seven. The Rock, the Warriors have the work cut up for 'em. They went cold in that fourth quarter to start. They couldn't get anything to fall. And the and and a lead that was what, three four Points all of a sudden went to 12 and the Rockets didn't let off the gas and they didn't look back. Ocho you Warriors. Yeah, I thought Steph had it go, he got got hot there for a second. Him and Jimmy. Yeah, but they didn't get enough from the auxiliary players.


Hey man, listen, the Warriors, the stars showed up. It showed up. Obviously we didn't, we didn't see the Steph Curry we're used to seeing, obviously he had 29 points, but it took 23 shots to get there. Jimmy Butler had 27. But listen some goon, but Young Bull is special. UNC Young Bull is special and Van Flea showed up tonight and did what he needed to do at being the veteran presence that the rockers do have. Listen them young boys, them young bulls looked like they wanted it more Unc. Yeah. The intensity they, they played on both, both sides of the floor. Spaceman was really good and that goddamn Stephen Adams listen, he was probably the difference maker. When you, when you talk about the size in which the Rockets have and how small, how small the Warriors are, I think it comes down to making more shots.


'cause those, those, those, those second, those second, what do you call it? The second chance point when you get the second attempt? Yeah. Bingo. That's, that's what you're trying to say. The the second attempts that the rockers had is the reason why they won the game and obviously them playing with a little bit more fire like they won a little bit more. Even though the experience of the Warriors who had been in positions like this before and had the experience with the Draymond's, You know the Jimmy Butlers that are used to be in in playoff atmospheres, them young bulls look like they wanted more. And listen, like you say they got, they they got they stuff cut out for 'em having to travel. Now they gotta go the goddamn Houston and seal the deal. What is it? You gotta believe what what they what? They never un Rudy, Rudy t never underestimate the heart of a champion.


Yeah. I dunno if these rockets are the champions, but that's what Rudy t coined the play coined the phrase and it stuck. I think the thing is that when they went to that big lineup, because Draymond is undersized, you can't play Looney 'cause he give you nothing on offense post wasn't hitting any shots. So you can't play him. So you really trying to ask say Draymond, I need you to keep seven foot 300 pounds. Steven Adams off the glass. I need you to keep 6 10, 6 11 Goon off the glass. You're asking too much. And you see they started to wear 'em down over and over over and over again. Second chance points. They did a great job of finding Shing goon in the high post. And then guess what, he take one dribble, he drops it off to Stephen Adams a dunk or he drops it off.


He finds a a a a Thompson for Leah. He played extremely well tonight I expected, I expected Van Pleat because they gotta do something with Van Pleat. They j because he's walking in shooting shoot around threes. He's feeling that comfortable. You know for me, I knew the war was in trouble from Jump because anytime you change your lineup Yeah that's like a sign to the other team like, oh we don't know what to do with you right now. The Rockets, You know they're, when you that young, anything can give you emotion, give you, you spark, give you energy. They over there like oh we got 'em. Yeah. They scared, they changed their lineup. Yeah. And you think about this, they changed a line and they look what happened. They Out Camp Payton Jr. In there because they wanted somebody to slow Van feet down.


Why? You know, I don't Why change your life? Because you just talked about offense. You know, that's no offense right there. No. And then you got Buddy Hill. We all know Buddy Hill's not a a a defensive player but the one thing that's, that Kerr is going, he's gonna do the same thing that JJ Reddick did and by himself in the butt with it by not playing Minga. Yeah. Because you need size and you need athleticism to go up against this this Rocket team. Athletic team. Athletic team. Yeah. You going, you mad at this dude, I don't know what's going on. If you curse him out or something, he won't plan. But this is your third leading score on the team. He was his second leading score on the team until you got but the Butler.


But now you're not playing him. So I don't know what's going on right there. But that's gonna cost him in this series. 'cause now you done gave the Rockets all type of energy and they gonna go back and probably win this series because you elected do some dunk stuff like in game four, I mean game five and game and tonight. No, You know, You know, You know. Oh yeah Before you go. What I think, what I think for the Warriors obviously going into game seven, what's going to have to happen regardless to what the Rockets do. I think it's gonna have to be Jimmy Butler and it gonna have to be Curry. Curry gonna have to be a little bit more efficient from the field, the overcome all the things that the rockets do, whether they go big, whether they go small. The only thing you do is put the goddamn ball in the bucket and have more points And just hope.


Just Hope. Whatever you can do it. You got, you gotta lean on Curry. That's the only, that's the only way, that's the only way Game seven going going into, I don't know what state that the rockers play in and the Houston Toyota, The Toyota. That's the only way it's gonna happen. Yeah, I think the thing is, I I I like Whatdo. Yoka did, he went to a zone and every time Steph got the ball, they trapped him. They said, nah bro, we gonna, I don't care if you, I don't care if you're at the timeline, we gonna get that ball outta your hands. Somebody else is going to beat us. Yeah. We don't believe Yeah. In a moment like this here. 'cause You know I, there's a difference between shoot hitting shots in game 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 'cause this is an opportunity for advance and now I, you're gonna be like Ocho said, you're gonna have to rely a little bit more on Curry and Butler because a lot of these guys haven't been in moments like this.


Draymond has. Yeah, but I'm not counting on Draymond to gimme a whole bunch of points. I've counting on him to gimme somewhere between four and eight points. He'll give you six, seven rebounds, 5, 6, 7 assist. That's what I'm expecting for him. But your production is gonna have to come from Jimmy Butler and Steph Curry, guys that have been in this moment. But I thought you Donkey did a great thing. He went to the zone, he said Look, do not get back pick because they're gonna try to come and send that back pick and have Curry floating. And they kept their eyes on him. They gave up a couple, You know, backdoor cuts because You know, they got, I, I got eyes on Step and guys snuck behind him. Draymond got one, Jimmy Butler got one couple of guys out. But I give you that, the one thing I don't want to have happen is Steph Curry hit a couple of threes and he hit a couple early and he got the crowded to the game.


I want to keep the crowd at bay as long as I possibly can. And then the longer you kept him at bay and then come to fourth quarter, they couldn't buy a bucket. Steph had some great looks. Jimmy Butler had some great looks and it just wouldn't go down for him. But Hey Yeah. Hey Unc. Hey, hey Rob. I mean yes sir. You could probably attest to this. Obviously being in that situation, I I, I consider precious situations obviously planning in the playoffs going into a game seven. But one of the things just from, from me watching from the naked eyes, two, three things that the, the, that the warrior can clean up for one, the turnovers, they had 16 turnovers a night. They get fi fouling, they had goddamn near 30 30 foul. And then under pressure, let's say he may goes the zone again in game seven.


Relax, tighten up under pressure, relax, continue to run your offense. To do things in a relaxed manner. And if they trap, if they, if they trap cur every time you get the ball, everybody else including the supporting cast, you got to hit your shots. Yeah you got to hit your shots when it matters most. Yeah. You know, see Steph gotta hit his shots too. Six for 16 from three ain't gonna cut it. You know sometimes I know Steph is considered the best shooter ever played this game. A lot of his threes to me were bad threes. I know he said, oh that's not a bad three for Curry, but you can, tonight was a bad threes, you can get off the ball because you move so much and the Rocket is only gonna play defense for so long. You can get a better shot. You know, that's the one thing about in the playoffs and I'm always harped on, do you want a okay shot, a good shot or a great shot.


I know every time Steph touches the ball from anywhere in the gym, it's usually a somewhat great shot. But when you got a long defensive team like the Rock, it's those turn into good shots. I don't care how great of a shooter you are. And for me, that's one of the things they gotta do. And for me, Draymond gotta keep his cool because you don't know the little antics you do that adds to the other, adds to the other team Spark too. And so for me, he going, going into Houston, You know they're gonna be born him, he gonna get amped up, he's gonna have to play under control. Jimmy Buck's gonna have to play under control, but they gonna have to go back to they starting lineup because that's how, that's the rhythm they have. Because when you got a guy like Jimmy Butter who just came into your season and you changed the lineup on him, that can affect him because now, okay, how do I play with this dude?


I just learned how to play with this guy. It's little intricacies like that that coaches don't think about that players need to know because I know, like I know what route you gonna run on the quarterback and that's what, and then think about that now the Jimmy's out there being the quarterback and all of a sudden you got a guy that's not going run to his point, meaning, You know, do Go of the route. It's like, okay, what do I do now? It messes up the rhythm. So I I think that, Hey, hey Rob Go ahead Ocho No obviously gonna ask Rob, obviously listen, you can attest to this, especially in a game situation like this and you got an athletic player that can match up very well against the Rockets. Do you think Kurt plays camming of this game? No. A little bit more being that he No, no I don't, I don't, I don't think he's gonna play him at all.


I don't know what that situation is, but it's been bad. You think about it since three games left in the season he had, he played him and he played him on the reason the other night because he needed someone. And You know, you think about if he didn't play him tonight and in in garbage minutes to try to let him get some type of rhythm, he probably won't play him in game seven. I So You rather well there, You know, despite, he rather despite whatever situation they got going on, you'd rather chance losing game seven based on what you saw tonight and not make the necessary changes to give you, give your team the best chance to win. Hey, I wouldn't do it. I've been playing regardless because You know, for me, when you that talented, that athletic, I know that you gotta plan man because so many coaches get pissed off at players and like, oh, I'm going to show you.


No. Right. You showing yourself because you only hurt your team and You know, and I think that's one of the mistakes that coaches make, You know, it is just hard for me to fathom that you'd rather have your pride get in the way of you getting the dub. Yeah, well look, we've all played the sport for a long time and coaches would rather lose their way than win some other way. Yeah. It's just the way it is. And then the part of coaching is coaching. Sometimes you're like, okay, this is what we're gonna do. But a really good coach say, well You know what, that ain't working. That wasn't my original plan, but let me try to find something else to go instead of being bullheaded. Well I said I wasn't gonna play this guy. Well I'm not playing this guy. Hey, it doesn't work like that. If you're gonna be a coach, you gotta be a coach at all times and sometimes you have to swallow your pride as a player, as a coach, whatever the case may be in order to get the victory.


And I thought tonight, You know, yeah, I I agree with you Rob him changing a lineup. Because even if you, you put, when you put P Peyton in, yeah you get defense but the floor is not spaced as much as when you got em in there. So now all of a sudden the floor is a little bit more condensed. Yeah, you might get a little bit more on ball pressure with Van Fleet but what you're giving up on the other end because you want as much face as you possibly can for your shooters. Like a step like a buddy hill, like a Dr. Zi po Zeki, but now it's condensed. Draymond Draymond is not a threat. They'll give Dre, if you notice like the last three games, Draymond take the first shot, they'll give him that three.


Yeah, you, you are not gonna make enough of those to put fear. Ain't nobody gonna say, Hey get a hand up. Don't even worry about it. Let him have that. Let him have let him have that shot. I'm not getting, I don't want Oprah looks for Steph. I don't want Oprah looks for Buddy Hill and Budzinski. But here's the thing, buddy gave you zero tonight so Yeah, but he gave you nothing. Woo. You said Steph, I think to stay, what makes Steph so dangerous and how he gets the crowd in it is when that he takes those shots from 25 30 feet away and it's a bad shot for everybody else and it goes in, not only does it gets the crowd go, it gets him going. So now he sees it goes in after he's taken a shot and he turns and goes down before the ball goes through the net.


Boy you in trouble. You, you, you're in trouble that start happening 'cause he, he feels it and now there is no bad shot. If he see a couple of them things go in Rob ain't no bad shot on the rest of the night. Yeah but if they don't go in he's six for 16. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He needed, he needed look when you got great production from him and Jimmy Butler. Jimmy Butler 12 or 14 from the free through line. That's what Jimmy does. He's gonna put pressure on you now he's gonna attack. They needed one other player. Draymond gave him a buddy, gave him nothing. GP the second gave him, gave him five points. That's not enough Mo I thought Moody, I thought Moody would get more minutes because he came in here as a big three.


I thought Moody would get more minutes Rob than what he, than than the 20 minutes that he got 22 2. You know what's weird because Moody has been playing very well in this series. Yes. You think about you want a guy that's gonna give you 12 to 13 points and is active like he is and he hasn't even gotten as much play as I thought he would. You know for me you're gonna start keep him in the starting lineup. Do something. Let Buddy Hill who's been coming off the bench all year keep coming off the bill off the bench. And it's just one of those things where Steph, yo we know this is your arena, we know it's your league. But sometimes defer, You know I play with a lot of grace and them mugs sometimes they come down like, yo, if you knocking down the shots, I ain't taking no shots. You curious? And that's one of the things that Jimmy Butler's really good at too.


Yeah. Because he can get it going and he would defer to other people. But that's one thing about Steph though. Steph is not a guy that really defers. 'cause he doesn't have to. Right. But I think when he goes in Houston and that Houston crowd and he's not knocking on them shots, he's going to have to be a facilitator because he ain't gonna be able to do it on his own. You know, people forget the Rocket or a defensive team 'cause you got, he may back there. You got a lot of guys that know how to play defense that long. The athletics. So you're going to have to share the basketball if they wanna try to come back. Yeah. And win this series.


You know that feeling when you're about to score 30% off but they want your number. Ugh. Give them your line two number instead it's a second line on your phone. Perfect for nabbing promo codes without inviting spam to your party. Sign up for every discount under the sun, then block the junk text that follow you get all the perks but none of the spammy baggage. More codes, less chaos. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store and get your shopping sidekick today because the only thing blowing up your phone should be good deals.


Now at Verizon we are locking in low prices for three years guaranteed on my plan. And you can get a single line for just $45 a month when you switch and bring your phone. That's our best price ever on unlimited welcome with autopay plus taxes and fees guaranteed for three years because at Verizon we got you. Visit your local DC Verizon store today. $20 monthly promo credits applied over 36 months with a new line on unlimited welcome in times of congestion unlimited 5G and 4G LTE may be temporarily slower than other traffic, domestic data roaming at two g speeds. Price guarantee applies to then current base, monthly rate, additional terms and conditions apply.


Yeah, you got Thompson who's, who's long and athletic. Dylan Brooks known as the defensive stopper. Easton, Steven Adams. I mean they, they got guys that can pressure the basketball but if I, I, I'm doing everything I possibly can to not let Steph get going early in that game. Seven. Yeah, that's the last thing I want to do. Have like 10, 12 points in the first quarter. Now he gets an extended rest for the second. Because you gotta think about it tonight, he played 42 minutes. Steph don't normally play those kind of minutes. That's a lot of minutes for a guy at his age. People don't, when people talk about LeBron and Plus how he runs because he's perpetual motion, he's not a guy that that's taking a lot of break because he has to work, he's working to get his shot. So he's from sideline, it's the baseline to baseline And then you forget it's not two games, two rest stays.


No it's play off play. So he only got one day rest, 24 hours put back on that court. So that's, and then you gotta fly. Yep. Yeah. And it's a three hour flight, maybe four hour because shit you might not take off in San Francisco with all that damn fog sometimes. So you can't get out of that Fred van fleet and his left. What you say Ocho? You said something. Nah, I was, I was just gonna say the good thing, the good thing about Steph, the chances of him having a game like this, like tonight where it takes him so many shots to even get to 29, 27, whatever many points he had. He ain't gonna, he ain't gonna double that. Yeah. He not gonna have another game like that. I think he gonna be much more efficient. Buddy Hill probably gonna be much better and they, they probably gonna get Buddy Hill, buddy Hill going early and I really for some reason, I don't know why but Ker really understanding, I'm sure Draymond and maybe Steph will probably talk to Ker but with great understanding we need a little bit more help.


We need a little bit more size. You know, you gotta do something and get convenient in there some kind of way for we be sitting at home and God damn Cancun I thought the Rocket thing for no reason. They put a lot of pressure on them. They shot 46 free throws Bob, they shot 46 free throws. It's been a while since our team had seen the team shoot 46 free throws but 16 of those witness team Adams. And a lot of that had to do with, 'cause they, they would hacker Adams and he, You know, down the stretch he made him pay for that. He was, he was making Yeah I'm It's one of those things where you try to, You know, that's all that pop stuff. You remember pop did that against Shaq? Yeah. And You know the hacker Shaq and you, you gotta think about some of these guys. You make one, you make two, you gotta go away from it because that guy has a little rhythm.


You know, sometimes you wanna trust the process. You talk about following your game plan, there's certain game plans you have to scrap. You know, Steven Adams is, You know, he don't, his his free throw percentage might be bad but the dude you look at his form, the way he approaches it, yeah. Everything is fundamentally sound so he can knock him down. He just don't knock him down 'cause he don't shoot it a lot. So it looked like a percentage of bad. Right. Right. The rockets, excuse me, the, the Warrior shot 22 free throws. All of 'em came from three guys. Draymond was one for two, Jimmy was 12 or 14 and Steph was five or six. So that tells me they're not nearly aggressive enough when you only got three guys that take your free throw attempts. That means like, but but the thing is that's not, that's what, that's who they are though.


That's not who they are. That's What you get from a, a jump shooting team. Right. When you shoot jump shots, you jump to the free throw line. Yep. And the thing about, You know, you talk about analytics, the basketball shooting threes, I've always had the mindset, if you're shooting the threes, you're playing soft. Why? Because you're not trying to create shots. You're not trying to get to the rack. So you're taking the easy way out. So I'm just gonna pull a four, A three. Think about that. If I pull a four a three, that's easy. Now if I had to cross on us spin, get to the rack, that's hard work. You think about antman, atman don't, he don't mind that work. You just saw him put in that work and now you get to these guys when shoot jump shots, you're not gonna get to the foul line. And the only reason Steph gets those files sometimes because if you watch closely, he's causing the contact.


He's really good at that. And I stop stopping back Into People. Yeah. And I hate when he does that because a lot of times when he does it, he's not even concentrating on the shot. Right. He's concentrating on the foul out. Yeah. Just take the damn shot to make the shot and you get foul. So be it. Hey, hey Rob, I got, I I just wanna say one thing about, you talk about Curry being able to put the ball on the floor and create his own space in his own shot. You, you mentioned Anthony Edwards. Ja moron can do it as well, but you have to think about it. When you look at the landscape of all the teams in the NBA including those in the playoffs, it's only maybe one or two players on each team that can do that. That can go iso that can put the ball on the floor and create their own shots. So if not that many of 'em, so once you take that, when you trap a player like a curry and they have to facilitate, then now you gotta get everybody else involved and it puts pressure on them that I didn't, I didn't know it's still a game of basketball and everybody, like I'm talking before, everybody didn't have the green light to shoot the ball at will.


Hell no. I I I just learned that. I'm thinking well hell if if I'm open just shoot. Nah, You Off on your ass. That's why you all, They they gonna play the percentages. They gonna let you take that shot. Yeah, you tuned in my guard. You. Yeah. I ain't all that Van Fleet last three games, he had 29 points. He had six threes tonight, 26 points, four May threes, 25 points, eight May three. So his last, his last three ball games, he's got 18 made threes more points and threes than stuff he's been, look, he's the veteran presence on this team. He's the guy that's been in championship moments.


He's the guy that's been on that stage in the Eastern conference where they would, You know, in the, in the Eastern conference finals, they went to a championship. They led Kawa led them to an NBA title. He's he's the guy. So this is what he needs to do. He Hey, follow me, follow me. He's the leader. Yep. He did what he was supposed to do. He got great contribution from X goon. Now sh Goon is the best player. Yes, but the veteran presence of the best. Huh? The the best. Yeah. Best Yes. Better than Jalen Green. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Why did you talk? Yeah, Jalen Green was only had one good game so far in his playoffs. Yes.


He was three of 11. One for six. He had 12 points. Shing Go is an all star. I Yeah, no we, I'm, I'm just, I'm I'm just talking about, I'm talking about Yeah I know Shing Goon is the all star, but I'm just saying Jalen Green is supposed to be that next up and coming that boy in Houston or May am I mistaken? No, you, you, you, you not mistaken. Mistaken. But we kind, we talking about right now. We ain't talking about what you Okay, okay, Okay, okay, okay. On The four. Yeah, I check back Wanna talk his totality. S still the best player because he's rebounding. He's, he's, he's scoring points. He's getting a cys. Jalen Green is just a high flyer right now. Right. And that's all he's leap off of. He gotta do more to try to, You know, that's the one thing that, but I've watched the NBA now. There are so many guys that have become showmen instead of playing the damn game.


They want to, You know, do all these antics when they hit a three, they wanna, You know, it's, it's just play the damn game, You know? Right. You make a damn shot big damn deal. You know, you get back and play some dj. I it's, how many times have you seen a guy up And get a lay on the other end? Get their Ass beat on the other end of defense because they doing this shit. Just get back and play. And that's one thing that, that you, you watch Jay Jalen Greeny play, he has a tendency to like try to get to the hole, look at the crowd and next thing You know, You know get your ass back on defense. So that's why s Goon, he's just a hard worker man. He in that pain. He dunking on people. He can get people involved. He's the best player on that team. They thought it was gonna be Jalen Green has taken over Shing goon, he leads the rockets and points rebounds assist and steals in the playoffs.


Jalen Bronson game went over the pistons. What a shot. What a moment. The Knicks win the series. Rob you one of the great clutch shot shooters. Lemme ask you this. I think for our audience, they wanna know in that moment are you thinking like, man, if I make this shot I'm a hero if I miss it. Or you just going through the, it's the same whether the moment is there or not. It's just like if it was the first quarter, the second quarter, third quarter, what goes through your head when you're taking a shot that could potentially win you the game or lose you the game? You don't think about anything man. Because it's just like when you in a gym, you taking all these shots and prepare for this moment, you, you put the reps in and that's what you gotta do. That's why you see guys, You know, you take Kobe for instance, he used to be in the gym 24 7.


So everything came easy. And if you put in the time and the work and the sacrifice, these moments like this, you don't even think about it. When you think about Jaylen Brunson, most guys, they like going to their offhand to pull up for their jump shot because you can square up a little bit better. He got you going left. Like he thought, oh he's a strong left guy. Yeah, he was setting him up. He sitting Thompson up, I'm coming right back over here to where I went, knocked down this street. So it's just, it's just a process that you go through each and every day. If you watch him, he is so good at manipulating the defense. He can get you on your hip and then he can cause the contact or he can get you, he can, he can gauge your speed if you going too fast, he stops on a diamond pulls up.


And I think for him and any, any guy who's playing this game long enough, you don't think about it. You just do it. Is it, it's this second, a second nature thing to you man. You just, you just enjoy the moment and you just hope that you make that mug so you can talk a lot of shit. He, he does a great job Rob, as you mentioned, but he gets his body in such a position to shoot that shot. 'cause like you said, he's a lefthanded player and most lefthanded players or lefthand dominant, they're trying to get to that left side. They want to go left. He did that and then if you notice, he stepped back and squared himself and let it go. Yep. He hit a, a shooter, he got a and one on shooter and he got a, a tough step back. He, I mean the way he can like get his body in position to take and make tough shots for a guy his size, he's not a big guy.


I mean his body, I mean, You know what I'm saying. He's, You know, he got a little little girl to him. You know, he got some, but he, I mean he fought what you think, six foot? I think he about 6, 6 1. He hit that, hit that. But his ability, and he's stronger than you think for a guy his size because the way he can like put that, that shoulder in your chest and get and get that shot off and the square and the knock these shots down. He was sensational. They couldn't buy a basket for the first nine, 10 minutes of the ball game. And then all of a sudden he said, man, just gimme the ball. What y'all doing? Yeah. And every shot that needed to be take taken and made, now they got a huge tip in by bridge.


If somebody missed a shot and they didn't block out and Bridges got the tip, they tied it up. But, You know, once they missed that shot I said, oh boy, y'all better, y'all better get this ball. Because Thompson had just made a great defensive player like two possessions earlier. He got a shot clock violation on the card. He went to go up and he strip him on the ball. He's like, yeah, Bruss, I got something for you. I got something for you. Just hold It. But, But hold on. I got, I got a question for you. For, for, for for Rob man, for you and Unc right As, as great as Jalen Brunsons was in this series, as great as he's been obviously being a very, very clutch player. Hell you just won NBA cuss player of the year, right? Yep. Yep. All right. Obviously showing, showing his offense proud tonight with 40.


Is there any chance y'all giving the Knicks and winning this series against the Celtics? No. Any chance? No. No, no. And the reason I say no is because when you look at the Celtics, they got six guys that can score and I, every time I look at the Knicks, I, they remind me of ai, You know, they got this one guy that does all the scoring. Everybody else does two or three things really, really good to make that pie hole. And I do take out bridges who one of my favorite players when they use him and he's able to score. Yeah. They're a totally different team. Right. But I just think the Celtics has too much firepower. And one of the things they don't talk about with the Celtics is you look at them, they got four good defensive players out there on that court.


Mm. You know, and that's, and and, and we don't talk about that because we so caught up in all the threes they shoot. Right. But you think about, You know, white holiday, even brown, these guys are fucking good defenders. Yeah. And so they got bodies to throw at Bron a little short self. And so that's gonna be hard. And I, You know, going back to Bronson, the one thing that makes them really good is, this is gonna sound really crazy, is left-handed players are always have that ability to get to the line and do things because you're not used to that. Yeah. You hardly ever run across a left-handed player. You think about Mano Denovi I played with, he was so good because you'll think he's about to do something and his right hand like, oh shit, he's lefthanded and by the time you think about it, it's too fucking late.


He's too late. Show Up too late. Yeah. And because it's just not what you used to. It is uncommon. But I just think he, he did, I think the Knicks might win one game because they play hard. But I think damn overall that's it. I just think the cel Yeah it's gonna be a gentleman sweep. Man. I just think the, the Celtics stay healthy because You know they, they been getting a little banged up here and there, but I just think the Celtics are too good. Yeah. 'cause when you look at it, think about where they go. They got Derrick White that can defend, they got holiday that can defend, they got JB that can defend, they got bigger horford that can defend Kga can protect the paint and then they bring Prichard off the bench that can score Hauser, that can score cornet. That can, that can give you a little rebounding. They're, they're loaded.


You, we know JT can defend if they have to, but he can score, JB can score. Yeah. Derrick White can score. They got scores and they got defenders. So they're always going have at bare minimum two quality defenders on the court at all times. And so when you have that, when you got two guys that can defend, but look what they start with. So if they start holiday, you got holiday. Derrick White, JP Al Horford. Honestly, I'm gonna tell you this, I like the Nixon winning at least three games. You gotta win Three games. Ain't winning that many. I got him winning three games. I mean, hey raw, you want to, you want to, you want best something on it. You wanna pull a little throw wage on there? What you wanna bet Shit make shit, make it lighter on yourself.


Bet 5,200. That's very specific. Why you said 5,200? Yeah, I'm telling, I'm trying, I'm trying, I owe, I owe on 5,200. So I'm just trying to, I'm trying to make it up some other kind of way. I'm trying to break you. Well Lemme ask you this. Of all the game winners that you've hit. Yeah. What's your favorite one Lakers? Against, against the Kings? Kings? Would The ball came back to you that game se was that a game? That was game seven and that was Game four Game. Okay. You know, we lose that game. We go down three one and the reason is, is my favorite because if you look at most of my game winners, they were all done on the road. And so this one was done at home and, and either You got chance to rejoice it with the crowd.


Yeah. I got, I grew up a huge Lakers fan. Right. Man, I grew up a big magic Johnson fan. You know, you would never being a Laker you used to them chanting Kobe b Kobe or Shaq. You know, when you get a chance to knock down a big three and you get 'em chant your name like that man, it's the best feeling ever. I I I Think you, for me it's probably outside of Kobe's last game is the greatest moment in staple slash crypto. And if the, if you, every time I see the shot from above and has when I'm make it and the crowd just jumps up and cheers, I get goosebumps every time I see it. You know, even though I love what I did in 2005 against the game five and I lit their asses up. Yeah. That's the one I was, that's the one I was thinking. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


But You know, it's something, You know, we all, as an athlete, we all got that ego, we all got that pride. You wanna hear them fans change your name. But I tell you what, I only have like one picture up. I don't even have that shot up in my house, but I do have the picture of me making that shot against the pisses because I just like looking at the faces of the people in the crowd. You got some people like no, and you got one guy, him in the crowd like this, like Yeah because he knew it was going in People, I, I don't know if people realize this Rob, but before those black injuries, you were a hot flyer, you was never, I mean you was punching on folks. I mean you were up on the top, people look at you and they're like, man, all he did was shoot three.


No, no, no, no, no. When you came in, I mean, I don't know what it is about them, them Alabama guys, you and McNight, all them guys had up, up, up and away up free up in way ups and, and I don't know if people realize that, but you were a high flyer, a six 10 guy that finished above the rim and then you turned yourself, I think it was the back injury that you turned yourself in more of a shooter. You still could punch your folks, but not like you could when you first got into Houston. No, no. It, it is so weird when you come, the league funny story is like my, my middle son, he came to me one time like, daddy, you don't ever dunk anymore. You can't even dunk. And it was that one dunk in the playoff against the Detroit Pistons that I dunked on real Hamilton while I took it outside to paint.


Yeah. And I said, see, your dad can still dunk. I just don't have to. But You know, the weird part about it is when I got to the Lakers, they was like, oh, we don't want you to, You know, they like, we need you to just spot up. And the worst thing as an athlete, any athletes listening is don't let coaches limit you. Limit you in what you can do. And I think, You know, this day and age it's a little bit different. Back then it was a little bit more, I need you to do this, this, and this. And so in my mind I became, okay, this is what they want me to do. Spot up and shoot threes and all this kind of stuff. But I I, I showed my, my my, my youngest son Christian who's at UCLS, lemme show you something man, come sit down and I'll show them my highlights of me and rockets. When I used to dunk, he looked at me like, damn you had hops?


I was like, yeah. I just stopped doing it because I didn't want, I didn't have room to do it 'cause Shaq was in the damn way. That's dope. That's loud. Hey, hey, hey Rob. Were some of those, some of those clutch shots you hit? Were you able, did you ever keep any of the balls Or No, man. Especially, especially, I mean, you, you got some really, really, really good moments And, and for me, I would want keep the, I would, I I would, I personally would wanna keep those balls. You know, you don't have any, You know, I I really, I I have, I have one. Okay, I have one from, it is actually the, the, the game seven ball against the Knicks.


I have that. And the only reason I have that because I, I, I told the guy, I said, because the first two points of game seven was me dunking on Patrick Yuan. And I was like, I want that ball. I want that ball. So I, I have that ball and I wish I had the one I made against the kings because shit, I, I might, I, if I lost it, if I be you and lost, I just sell that and gimme a lot of money to cover that. So I know he making fans would love that ball. So hey, But, but, but speaking now you talking about balls and, and being able to sell a ball and get you a lot of money. Listen, I got a prized possession. That's what I'm meant to say is I'm supposed to have it enclosed in a case. Right. But I got the, I got the game ball when LeBron hit his 50th point 50. Yeah. Like listen, he 50,000 points and that's something that you would Think you would Short, short the Signature.


Yeah. So it's a 50,000 point ball right there, you see 50,000 point. Yeah. And LeBron signed it for me. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean if, hey, if I ever follow a hard time, man, if this here gonna come in handy, If you fall a hard time to try to send that ball, you gonna stay on hard times. Exactly. You might, you might end up on real hard times. Greg Pop stepped outta in Jail. Greg Popovic stepped out as the coach of the San Antonio Spurs today ending a nearly three decade run that saw him lead the team to five championships. He's the all time winning his coach in NBA history. And he's a three time coach of the year and he is a hall of Fame, won a gold medal and he's inducted to the basketball hall of Fame.


Rob, you played for pop, what, what was it about Pop that made him special? What was your, what's going to be your lasting memory of playing for Pop? I, I think for me is just his, how genuine he was and You know, he, he was one of those coaches where he's one of those coaches where he'll yell at you and then take you to have some nochi and some wine, You know, his two favorite things. And, and for, and for me, I think I, I tell this story all the time. The one thing that really made me fall in love with the guy was my daughter who passed away was really sick my last year with dispersed. And she went into the hospital like at the beginning of the season and he was like, don't, don't come back until she's outta the hospital.


And I sat in the hospital with her for like three weeks and then she finally got outta the hospital and I came back like a day after. He says, is she outta the hospital? Like, yes, she got home like two days ago. He said, she ain't outta the woods yet. Get back, go back home. You know, we don't really need you right now. And I said, and I looked and I'm like, are you trying to get rid of me on the slide? He said, no man, family first. You know, family first. Wow. And that's what, that's how Pop always was, man, You know, you, I just heard the date about the story of DeMar the Rose when his pops passed and now Yeah, it's like, and that goes to show you, You know, there's some things bigger than a freaking game. Right. And Pop realized that, You know, he was always about, You know, spending time with your family, doing what's important. And, and, and I remember even my last year, I went to him and I was like, You know, I'm gonna ask a favor.


He like, what? I said This's my last year I said, can I, my son's on spring break, we going on a road trip, can I bring my son with me? He's like, man, yeah, I don't even ask me a question like that. He said, this is, You know, it's, it's, it's, it's about the family. It's about doing things and, and a lot of teams wouldn't let you do that. Wow. You know, 'cause I remember with, I remember the Lakers back in the day you say, Hey, can't get the flight back. No, it was liability, You know, insurance thing. I'm like, what is this a flight hoe and what? So, but Pop was, he's, he's, he was really, really good about man, if it came down to your family, you do whatever's necessary for your family.


Wanna keep your personal number private, but still stay connected with line two. You can get a second phone line right on your device with a super simple app and no need for another phone. Whether it's for online shopping, dating, or shielding your main number from Spam line two is an easy way to manage it all ready for peace of mind without breaking the bank call, text block and more for only 9 99. Get started with line two.com/audio or download line two in any app store today. Line two, your second line simplified.


Hey everybody talking about the relationship that he had with Duncan, because I think Duncan was the lynchpin because if you could coach Tim Duncan hard, you can coach everybody else hard. And Timmy was receptive and that's what you have. Timmy, Timmy was one of these superstars that if you didn't watch the game, you would never know he was a superstar. He didn't dress like a superstar. Hell, I remember he showed up one to pick up an M DP trophy with flip flops and shorts on. I'm like, David Stern. David Stern probably wanted to swing on Georges, You, you remember that Bob? He had no jeans short James Short a Phil Pop and he David Stern like, hey, but that was Timmy. What, what was it about Coach Pop and Tim's relationship that made it so unique and special?


I, I think we're gonna back this up a little bit because you really have to create David Robinson. Okay. Because you think about, he had David Robinson when Tim came and David was like, yo, this is what we do here. And Tim just follow suit. You know, Tim is just that type of guy. He doesn't say much. You can talk, if you talk about cars, he'll talk to you, you talk about video games, he'll talk to you, talk about poker, those three things. And he gonna talk about that. He ain't gonna really talk to you. But for us, You know who we, we, it, it took me a year just to get him say a couple words to me. And, but he's just a, a, he, he, he is a type of guy who's really focused. We don't, You know, we always talk about Kobe's work ethic, we talk about, but this dude was always in the gym shooting jump shots, You know, always trying to get to perfect that bank shot.


If, You know, he was famous for shooting a lot of free throws because, You know, he, that was one of his, his downfalls was his free throw one of His weeks when he came in? Yeah. Yeah. And he just, he, he, he worked hard, but he was just, he, if you talk about guys who, You know, I used to, I had to get onto him one time like, dude, can you fucking yell at somebody? Man, you sitting over there like with your mouth closed, You know, you yell at someone, you gonna be like, yeah, f hu and everybody's going perk up and listen. Right? So he was just, he, he, he was very mild manner, way. He's mild mind. He didn't wanna say much, but the guy was, he, he, he competed and he, he was, and when he, when he let you into his world, one of the nicest guys you'll meet You, you mentioned the Twin Towers 'cause David Robinson was there, but when David was there, I mean it, one of 'em championships was David, but David was on the tail end of his career.


That was that, I mean, basically Tim Duncan team from the time he walked in the door Oh he was, yeah. He, he was just that good. And he was one of the last guys that was a true senior. That was the number one overall. Ken Martin was the last one, I think in 2000. But Timmy was what, 90, 98? I think the 98 draft was Timmy's first year. But he was the last, the last of those guys that went four years of college and came out. So he was more than ready, more than prepared for the grind because basically he was a grown man when he wasn't 18. He wasn't 17. Tim Duncan was a 22-year-old grown man when he got to the NBA. So, You know, you tell me something I did not know. I thought he came out early. I you just so used to everybody coming out early, You know, think about.


And that, and that's the one thing I hate about the NBA. I know these dudes are freaking 21 when they get to college now, but I, I just wish that, that, that, that I'm about to say David Stern, that Adam Silver put like two years onto it because these guys, you can tell by the way these guys play now, that's why so many threes are being shot because they don't know how to play. They doing what's easiest. It's taking the threes and not learning the game. You know, you got some guys that are gonna come in the league that know how to play the game because of the, the upbringing and how they were taught. But it is just, it's just, it's just a lot of bad basketball being played because guys don't know how to play. You know, you think about tonight, watch the game. Like dude, the first thing you learn in high school and college is how to beat the damn zone.


Right? The zone is the easiest freaking thing to beat and you can't beat the zone. It's like, go to the open spot, go to the dunker spot, go back door. And it just shows you right there that the guys aren't learning anything because they all just trying to, You know, get to the next level to league without learning something. Mm. Rob you played with some of the greats. I mean, you was on a team with Tim Duncan, you was on a team with Shaq and Kobe, you was on a team with Lot Dream and, and Drexel. And I know people ask you what the difference between Dream and Duncan, the difference between Duncan and and and Shaq, the difference between Clyde and Kobe. What are some of the different look, because look, all of those guys that I just mentioned are top all 75 greatest players in NBA history, MVPs, finals, MVPs, defensive players of the year.


When you got, when you got to the Rockets, what was it about the dream that, You know, okay, this guy's special, what set him apart? Oh shit. I knew Dream was special when I watched him in high school, I mean in college because hey, when I, when I was coming out, I said I wanna play alongside this guy. You know, I, I was praying that I went to the Rockets and You know, God willing I did because you could just see his work ethic, You know, you watch him, You know, guys always talking about going into the lab. Dream would be in the lab and we didn't even know it. He would be working on stuff and then he'll just all of a sudden in the game, You know, you think about in 95 how he annihilated David Robinson. Yeah. 'cause he said they took, they gave his, took his MVP from it. Yeah.


All that stuff we had never seen before. You should have seen us on the court. We going like, oh, killer. Who? He became fans on the court. Right? And so he just, and you and you watch him, man, he just played hard, man. You think about, You know, back in the day when he, he, you forget, he used to knock some people out too. Oh yeah. You know, he had that toughness, You know, you, you elbow him, he would, he wasn't because it was only a $50 fine and, You know, punch someone in the face. And so he had that toughness and he just had that. The one thing about Dream though is he, we talk about how hard guys plays, like how hard Giannis plays, how hard Bronson plays, how hard these guys dream, play hard each and every night. You know, people would talk about who's the greatest center, who's this, who's that Dream to me is always gonna be top three centers.


Because if he needed to shoot threes, he could have shot threes. He didn't because he had us out there and you couldn't stop him in the paint any damn way. So he just going to kill you that way. So he was just, You know, he was just a hard worker. And, but more important, great guy. 'cause he taught me about the business of basketball. He was like, yo, I remember one time at a Christmas party, he took me outside and said, listen, listen, you gonna be on this team now let's talk about, You know, things outside of basketball. What you doing with your money? You know, how's the family, You know, are you investing? Do you have the right people? He was just a good guy. You know, a lot of guys now, You know, they won't, they won't come to you and be like, yo man, you need to check your finance. You need to do this.


They can like, fuck, I learned it on my own. You on your own. And so I just, that's one of the things I love about Dream. He, he, he taught me about the business of basketball. So you leave Houston and you go to the le well, You know you have, you didn't go right, you gotta Go there, man. He talk about the sons Man, you got a little pimp. Stop. You got a little pimp in in Phoenix. You have, you have a cup of coffee at the airport. It got right back on the plane and went to la. So you get to La Shaq and Kobe. Woo-hoo. You like, damn, got Shaq got Kobe. What, what, what y'all need me to do? Yeah. You know what's weird? When I got there, man, I was looking at the team. We had Nick Axle at the point. Yep. We had Eddie Jones at the two.


I said, okay, I can play the three. You know, back then I was a three man, right? And I said, we got a young guy like this, You know, everybody was like, oh, you gotta see this rookie Kobe Bryant. I'm like, who? And then you get to practice. You see how good this dude is. Okay. He's learning. Yeah. And then you got Shaq, You know, you say, okay, Shaq just got beat in nine to five in the finals and you got all this talent. I said, oh man, we about to do some work. And I said, we gonna do some work for some years because everybody's young, right? Everybody's under 30. But sometimes it goes to show you too many cooks in the kitchen when it comes to basketball ain't good. You gotta have some guys that are glue guys, some screw guys, You know, some boat and, and do the things to keep the team together. And you think about we have four all stars. Yeah. And then we got swept by a damn team that had been together for 30 years.


Told Oh, you thought that was Kobe? That was Kobe rookie year, wasn't It? That was Kobe's rookie year. Yeah. Yep. And then the, and then LA and then in 99, You know, we got beat, we got beat by the Spurs, lost the last game in the form to the Spurs. And then that was when we got new coaches and we said, we got rid of Nick, we got rid of Eddie. And we brought in defensive minded people, You know, he brought in Ron Harper, we brought in B Shaw, we brought in Rick Fox, we did all these things, brought in AC c Green. And it was, that glue Was ho gr was Ho Grant there then? Or Ho Grant only came to the last, no, ho Ho grant was on the, on the second championship. Okay. In 2000, 2001. Right. Yeah. So, and it was just weird, man, you just, and it, and it goes to show you when you got too much talent, it's hard to blend it away.


But when you got, when you got enough talent and you got guys who mature and you can, you can tell Kobe and Shaq to shut up and sit your ass down and do what you're supposed to do. And they going, they going, you think about it, we used to tell Kobe, oh dude, you ain't doing that tonight. Oh Shaq, you ain't doing that. And they will listen to us because we are veteran guys. You know, now you got this going on guys, You know, respect us. And we had a lot of respect for one another and there was no animosity. And people always ask me about the Kobe Shaq thing. I was like, man, I must have been fucking blinded because they never had beef in front of us. It was all in the papers, man. You know? And that was the weirdest thing when people was like, well talk about it. I'm like, they in the locker room laughing and joking.


They the first people to hug after the championship. I know you, you tell me up. You, you won a championship. Who was the first person you hung? You hugged after you won a champ. It's probably your favorite player on the team. Yeah, absolutely. And so that's why I was like mental rival. They would say, oh they beefing. I'm like, when? Where? So it was just weird to me. How Good was Shaq? You look at Shaq and I tell people, I don't think people realize how athletic Shaq was when Shaq got to the league. Like Shaq first five or six years when Shaq was like 7 1 3 25 and can move like a dar, we're never gonna see that again. Yeah. You're never gonna see a guy his size with that account agility. You're just not now you might have like a yo got the footwork and joy. Me got footwork, but I'm talking about just raw athleticism and power.


Yeah. You're never gonna kill O'Neal again. Never. Yeah, never. You know, you think about if you always talk, if you start a team, if I could take the 2000, the 1999, 2000 Shaq, the MVP Shaq and the have him that Shaq and put him on, that's my first person. Not Jordan, not Dream, not Kareem. That's the first person I'm picked to start my life. I can get that Shaq because he was just so dominant. He was just so strong, so athletic. You think about this, this guy can bring the ball down, cross your spin, take off from outside the paint the monkey dunk on your ass. And then you can do, You know, and it, and it, and you, you go back and look at a lot of tape.


And I've heard this outta rough mouth. I'm sitting there, you can hear, oh, he is on him and he's not getting the call. He is like, oh, he's too big, he should be able to handle that. I'm like, dude, it's a freaking foul. He's slapping the shot YI said, all right, y'all gonna piss him off and then I'm gonna get outta way because he gonna start elbowing people. And you can tell when he got frustrated, 'cause he'll do that spin and put that elbow up. He, When he come like this hair, He don't care who he hit. I'm like, so yeah, he was, he was like I said, if you got one player, one moment I'm taking 1999, 2000 Shaq and I'm starting a team with that guy. If I can get that guy each and every night, Okay, Kobe, you, you, Kobe is, is is 17.


He gets that 17 now by the time they start to win championships, he's the Kobe, he's, he's become what He Became. And you get to see it on full display. He could still elevate over the top. He got the mid, he could B blah bop bop. Or he had, he had the package and if you needed him to sit in the chair for 40 minutes and take the polling team, 0.23. Yeah. Best, Best player. Yeah. He, and he wanted that challenge. And You know, you, You know, I know you think LeBron is the greatest of all time. And you people talk about MJ being the greatest of all time. I want you to Think you, when you watch Kobe Bryan, he did every freaking thing like MJ and he probably took it to another level because Kobe, You know, when Kobe first came in the league, we used to laugh and joke like, you can't shoot threes, he just shoot threes like mj.


But he, we, we would like joke with him. So that dude would be in the gym every morning at five o'clock shooting number threes and now he could shoot threes. And it's things like that, that why he was great. You could tell him he was not good at something. He would prove you wrong by going in and working on it and adding to his game. This dude, You know, God rest his soul was the hardest working dude I ever seen in my life. And you think about what, where he went from his rookie year where he just played. Wow. Yeah. You know, he didn't have no structure to his game to understanding that, oh, I gotta tone this down. And I don't know if it's 'cause he talked to mj, he talked to Phil, whatnot. But when he got Phil, it, it made him more structured than I've ever seen before.


So he, he, the dude was just phenomenal man. So I hate when we talk about the goat and we never bring him up like, 'cause it's like, You know, to me the goats are mj, Kobe, LeBron, and Kareem. Those are the goats. And why do we have to put 1, 1, 2, 1, 3 and four, those four guys right there. Why we can't just four goats. That's the Mount Rushmore right there. Why, why didn't playing on that team alongside Shaq and Kobe, why didn't they win more individual MVPs? Kobe didn't win one until later, late like 2001 I think 2009 or 2010. He won the MVP. Why didn't they win and why didn't Shaq win more MVPs?


Why didn't Kobe win MVPs? Did they cancel each other out? I don't think they count each other out. I just think, You know, if you, if you look at the league back then it was hard to win back to backs unless you was a white guy, meaning Steve Nash. And so, You know, you think about that second Steve Nash should have been, SHA Could have won that in Miami for real though. It, Yeah. So it's so many things. You can look at it, it's just weird. You know, you think about MJ when he was in the league, he didn't win it every year. No. You know, you then you, it's always someone different. And like you think about this year, even though Yoic is having the best freaking career, best year of his career, he ain't gonna win it. Nope. He gonna probably give it the shake, You know, and it, and, and it's just how they do it.


And I, I don't know why, but I think Kobe should have probably won at least three. Shaq should won. At least I said Shaq should have won at least two. You know, I think his, his, I think the year he won it, he should have won it and then the following year he should have won it. Okay. You know, other than that I think, You know, 'cause you think about his third year, our third championship, he wasn't as dominant as he was. He was still effective. He just didn't bring that, you think about he wasn't the Shaq before that and that's what they based off. Right. They always say, okay, we gonna take your last year, what did you do better than that year? And I, I think he was just consistent. He never like went up a little bit to another level.


Tim Duncan? Yeah, Tim Duncan had one of the great games. He had a a damn near quadruple double. He was two blocks away from a quadruple double in an NBA finals game when he played, when he played the, the nets that year, I think he had 21 points, 20 rebounds, 10 assist and eight blocks. Yeah. But that was a net man. A nest was a nest. We had just swed just swept the next, the year before that or what it was a nest was like, You know, PO po po, Jason Skid, Richard Jefferson, that crew, You know, you were the beast in the east, but when it came to playing the teams you used to wear, you was just like, you like the legs and the clippers, you just a little brother.


So it was, it was, they made it a good challenge. But you, you, you go back and look at the east back then east was terrible man. They was god awful. And so, but Tim Duncan though, that goes to show you when he wants to take over, he can take over man. He, and, and the one thing I like about Tim, when he comes a block of shots, he didn't care if you dunked on me like shit, I don't care. I don't have social media. I don't care what you say. You know people in San Antonio gonna steal bow down to me and You know, most guys was shy away from trying to, You know, go up against a Venice car, Think you might get dunked on. They like, nah, I ain't challenge that Tim didn't give a shit. He would try to challenge you anyway to block it because he, he knew nine times out 10 he was gonna block it.


It was gonna start a fast break. Alright, Your Mount Rushmore teammates, you get four teammates on, on, on Mount Rushmore. Who you going with? Dream Shaq, Kobe, Clyde. Damn you ain't, you Clyde over Timmy. You know what, this is one of the things, You know, I I I love Timmy, but I'm going with Clyde Clyde's my boy, man. You know, sometimes personal feelings get in the way sometimes. Hey, I'm doing Steve Kerr right now, I'm putting, You know, hey, but You know, people don't, I think people forget how good Clyde was, Man. Oh yeah, yeah.


I mean he, because he took a, a kind of a backseat road when he got to Houston. But, but, but Ly Clyde Clyde, I remember hell, I remember when he was dunking on everybody at five Slam Pajama at the University of Houston. Yeah, yeah. But he used to, Clyde used to elevate. Yeah. You know, and the other reason I didn't put Tim in there is because I remember, You know, I'm watching the Hall of Fame ceremony and I watched Rudy t get inducted and then when Rudy t gave me a shout out for the Hall of Fame and they pan through the crowd and Tim didn't clap. So that's why he ain't on my, my rush. Hey, because I, I I started calling, said motherfucker, I saved your ass in thousand five.


Excuse my life, you better get your ass up. And I Spurs got some cap space. They got a, they got a night. Hey they got Stefan Castle, who's rookie of the year, Wim who was a previous rookie of the year they got, do they, would you make the move for Giannis? Would you try to package some pieces for Giannis us? That's the thing you got, don't you forgot about Darren Fox? Yep. I think that's, that's hard to say. I would because you can't pass. Oh, I think that's gonna be the hottest commodity this summer. Everybody's gonna want the Greek Creek because he's that type of player. You know, I mentioned him earlier how hard he played.


So this is gonna be really interesting to see where he goes if Milwaukee would want to give him up. But if I'm the, if I'm the Spurs we got the cast space, why not go after him? Because You know, he'll love it there because he got a good, You know, the one thing about the Spurs franchise is it's a good franchise. They're a very humble franchise and you don't have to worry about a lot of outside noise. You think about it in LA and You know, Chicago, New York, there's a lot of outside noise. So you being in Milwaukee or used to outside noise being been at a minimum, so if you go to dis Spurse, you're in the same thing. So I don't know if he wants that. I don't know if he wants, You know, be more, You know, can't get no more notable than you are as Greek freak.


But does he want a bigger market? That's why it boils down. Yeah. He wants that market. Yeah. It it, it boils down to a bigger market. I haven't talked to Greek Freak, but I talk to the powers that be we're gonna do everything we can to get him down here in Miami. I I've told, I've told UNC that already. I'm not sure why he continues to ask that question. Hey Rob, I've sat down with, with Mickey Ris and I sat down with Pat Riley. Pat is is willing to change some of his ways and, and let the reins go a little bit on the way he conducts himself when it come to, to the entity that is known as the Miami Heat. So, and we also gonna get Ja moron too. You don't want that dog. Yeah, I'm just telling you, I'm telling you turn He would fit in great in Miami, but you going to have to give up, You know, a lot to get him to Miami.


That That's, that's fine. That's that's fine. That's what we wanna get. But, But if you give up stuff, you're gonna be right where a Phoenix Suns are. You give up all that. You got three guys making 150 million, but your bench sucks. Yeah. Same thing Happened Where Carmelo left the nuggets. He went to the Knicks, but all what he wanted to play with, they ended up going to going to Denver and then you had to trade those draft picks. So now you there, you basically by yourself like you were when you were in, in Denver. Yeah. We gonna, we gonna make it, we gonna make it work. The Volume.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause. And the use of oral contraceptives. Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh Optive mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eye drop aisle at all major retailers.


This Mother's Day wrapper in love with Nikki Couture. Give mom the softest hug ever with one of our luxurious cozy blankets. The perfect way to say you are cherished. You are loved. From movie nights to quiet moments, just for her Mic Couture makes everyday feel extra special. Shop now@miccouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find the perfect blanket for the perfect mom. Miki Couture, wrap her in love this Mother's Day.