
You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with Code Space eighty@talkspace.com.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire. And everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa? Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up? I'm Laura, host of the podcast Quartz Side with Laura Corti, A masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis Icon, Alana Kloss. I don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone, And I want the whole Market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I Would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's Up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and deep blue sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network,


The Volume Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Ocho there's another debate going on Twitter. Do you brush your teeth before or after breakfast? Ocho. Are you team before or after? After both. After the hell you eat them. You done slept all night. Mouth funky. The food thi man. Hell no. Hold on. So you go wait a minute. You had that minty taste. That minty taste in your mouth and then you go eat the food and the food don't taste nothing like it is 'cause you got all the goddamn crescent, Listerine and tooth. Absolutely not. I brush my teeth before then I go back. Then after I eat, I go back upstairs, brush 'em again. I eat before I go to work out. I brush my teeth again. I come home, I eat, brush my teeth again.


I lay down, take a nap, brush my teeth again. Hey Roy, Roy Ruins ruins the taste of everything. Nah, Hell nah man. Man my mouth be fucking you been sleeping all night and then you go, oh no, I can't do that Joe. No, I mean with, with teachers on. But once I'm finished I'm in that thing going to work on them boys. And, and last night you don't, you don't know, You know. Hey booty. Oh, woo. Oh Nick, hey. No I don't. I'm I'm saved. Nah, them days over. No, no, no. I don't already know. Nah, nah, I'm but them days I don't do nothing like that no more.


Boy, nothing like that. You Do. No. No. I'm promise I don't even go, I don't even go past the waist no more. I don't even go past, I don't go past. Probably got a tongue in the You put your tongue in the belly button too, don't you? Huh? You put your tongue in the belly button too. Got all that line in there. Yeah. I used, I I used to. I used to used to. Yeah. Yeah. Them them days long gone, man. I'm telling you. I'm a different, I'm a different, I'm a different man. I got saved. I told you, I told you I got saved. I got saved, I got, I got baptized 'cause the last one was wearing off. And I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm moving different this year. I'm walking different this year. My head is high this year.


Man. You wake up at ocho everybody wake up in the morning, breast smell like get back. You gonna go downstairs to eat? Yes. I'm going to. I'm going, I'm going downstairs. I'm gonna make my strawberry poptarts. I'm gonna make my, my cream of wheat or my quick roll. I'm not even talking to Cream. I'm not even talking to nobody before I brush my teeth. I'm not even having a conversation. And You know what? You know what? So if you, you, if you have, if you have a partner, right? Let me ask you something. Yes. If you have a partner Yeah. And y'all wake up in the morning, would you kiss him before brushing your teeth? No. And you don't love her? I love her. No, you don't. Don't love her. No you don't. Lemme tell you, I I had a situation, man.


This, I was a dating this, this woman. Talk to Me. Hold on, hold on. Lemme get comfortable. Come on. Come on. Because you be there. You be having the stories. Come on. And You know, You know your boy. Hey Ocho, You know your boy at hey two in the morning. Yeah. You know, she, You know she touch with chest. She touch Ocho. I would have to go run, brush my teeth. What? Oh, you can't, you can't mess up the momentum. What, what did we talk About? That's what she told me.


Ocho good habit. Ocho. I had, I had some, I had to break some habits. Ocho I had to Wait in that, in that moment, in that specific moment. During that time. Yeah. You had to go brush your teeth and ruin the momentum. Ruined that. I ain't Ruined that for me. I was, if I didn't ruin it for her, I ain't ruined up for me. I was good. I came back and picked right up where I left off. Ain ruined up for me. I ain't got, man, listen man, I ain't, I ain't got Nah, you, you, you'll know, you'll know, you'll know when you got the right one.


But I, but And I, when you, when you don't have to do all that, You know, I asked my, You know, because my homeboy, I said hell no. I'm just a real, I'm real like self-conscious like that. Right. But You know, it's, I ain't brushing my teeth. Ain't nobody it, it, it's, hey, It like that. Don't, that don't, man, that's, I'm telling you, if it is the right one, all that don't even matter. That's out the window. That's out the door. You not even, you not even subconsciously. You're not even thinking about, You know what, I didn't brush my teeth yet.


This, You know what I love you. Let me kiss her. I'm not talking about tongue it out. I'm talking about just, just ask you, Hey, Hey, but hey Ocho did I got sleep? Did I got slick? Then I got slick. What you did what? You did the Bathroom? Yeah. Go brush the teeth. Right? I go lay that down for about 30 minutes. Right. Then I do. Okay. Okay. I like it. That's different. I could, I couldn't do it though. But You couldn't do it. Don't, Joe. Nah, I'm just say when the, when the moon Hit, that's it. Right, right then and there. Right then and there. No if and no if and buts about it right then and there, wherever you touch me.


Like my grandma used to say, wherever you show out, that's when you get wore out. Wherever you touch me, Whatever. Right, right then and there. Okay. Ocho packer safety, Xavier McKinney started this course today when he tweeted, nepotism is always okay and justified unless it's a black man doing it. Yeah. Then it's a problem. You mofos are corrupt and brainwashed. Yeah. All and, and for all you black folks in the media, stop, we can't say that word Ocho, but it's C-O-O-N-I-N-G because they, they'll they'll, they'll, they'll flag us. So they see that's a, that's a racial slur now. Yes sir. So we, I'm, I've had to learn the hard way.


Right. Right, Right. But y'all know it's the, it's the trash panda. He say, y'all stop trash paning and being puppies. Right. You ain't tired yet. Damn. Ocho you agree? Yeah. Come on. We talked about this before. We talked about this before. It's always, it is always a problem. It's always a problem when, when we, when we do it, when we put, when we put those that are, that are part of our family treating positions and we're in a position of power And we allow them to up up the ladder. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it happens all the time. It happens all the time with our, our our brethren. But anytime we do it, it's always an issue. And it brought to the forefront on why we do it.


Because when we Split the, And we son on the coaching staff, bill Belichick put his son on the coaching staff. Yeah. But listen, ain't no problem. This has been going on for a very long time. It happens all the time. Not in just sports, but in the corporate world as well. And as, as well. It happens all the time. Hell Yes. I I But we're the only ones that we're not supposed to do it. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh, it, it is frowned upon. It's it's frowned upon. It is. It is. And we listen, we just call a spade a spade. Lot of times we be doing it though. They don't, they don't really talk about no nepotism. Right. They're like, Hey, I'll get in position. I'm a And we see it all the time.


People get in position, they call their homeboys all the time. Qualifications don't matter. But we understand Ocho we are not allowed that liberty. We don't get that freedom. We ain't, we can't be putting no homeboys in there that ain't qualified. Now if my homeboy qualified, we can do it in there. Oh, the qualifications. Hey, you gotta be careful. You can't just hire your homeboys now. And they, You know, homeboy get comfortable. Think they can get away with doing certain things. Not Absolutely. Because you cool. Nah, it ain't about being cool now. Nah. We, I gotta, I gotta finish the run, whatever it may be. We, we still, we still got work to do now.


Man. The Washington Wizards need they butt kicked. They can't scored 162 points In real life or video game Against, against the wizards. That's embarrassing. 162. Now, there was once upon a time in the eighties, OCHO Yeah. It was customary one, you see 1 51 40 games. I mean, I think the, the NBA record, somebody scored I think 180 3 to 180 1 was the final and triple overtime. But This, this was, this was a real game. And we not talking about the Allstar break. No, we not talking about the Allstar game. Real game. A real game. You let somebody score a hundred, 162. 1 62 to 1 0 9.


I bet they must have shot, they must have shot threes the whole game. Nah, Washington was terrible. The whole, whole game. Let's see the Wizards route for the most points in NB franchise history and the most, allow, they had nine players in double figures. The, the Pacers did, let's see, pull up the box score right quick so we can get this ocho. And they did this on the road. They weren't even home. Ah. And no player played more than 25 minutes. That's nasty. Halliburton had 29 and 25 minutes. Miles Turner had 17 and 21 minutes. Knee Smith had 11 to 19, aka had 13 and 23.


And then you just guys just went to work. That's crazy. That's embarrassing. Somebody, somebody didn't care. They shot 64% from the floor. 57% from the three. They was 27 to 47. 17 to 19 from the floor. I mean from the free throw line. Yeah. McKinney's, right? Yeah. Jordan blacked out. I mean, I wish my kids wanted to do something in here And I could like, look, you start, You know, you ain't got, you ain't got to, You know, send no resume in. You know, the CEO tell 'em who your, who your reference.


Hey, listen, Hey listen, when your, when your kids come in, all they gonna wanna do the work. That's what I'm Saying. How understanding how serious you are about Club Shakespeare. They know about Nightcap. They know and understand, Hey, this train gotta keep rolling now. Yeah. I think you got, you gotta be weary. You gotta be weary. Sometimes your kids want, But they, I mean, look, they don't, they don't want that want handed to them. I'm, I'm, they, I'm tough. I mean, I'm, I'm probably tougher on my kids than I would be somebody else. And everybody knows that that works with me. They know the expectation that I have. Right. Sh What, what did Kayla say? I don't wanna work for my daddy.


He yell too much. Oh, I, I am. Oh, you absolutely. Yeah. And make no mistake, I'm tough on everybody. Hell, if I'm tough on my damn self, why? So what? I'm supposed to be easy on everybody else. I shall be easier on myself. Oh, Joe, we got a fair special guest. The director Black Panther, the director of Creed. Yeah. He's a recipient of four NAACP image awards. He's been nominated for two Academy Awards, the Golden Globe and the Grammy's, the director, as I mentioned, black Panther and Creed. He has a new movie that's coming out in April called, here he is, Ryan Kogler.


Ryan, how you doing, bro? I, I'm happy to be with y'all, bro. I'm happy that you're with us, man. I'm feeling good, bro. Like, I'm big, big fans of y'all coming up. I used to play, I used to play football. Not, not as well as y'all, but, but, but big, big fans of y'all there and then, and then watching y'all transition, man, it's been, it is been beautiful, bro. Like, it, it, it is, it always warms my heart when I see, when I see athletes prolong that career. You know what I'm saying? Because, because Yeah. Well, lemme well lemme ask you this, Ryan. Okay. You want, you, like, you played football. Did you have professional or collegiate aspirations? Absolutely, bro. Yeah. Ab Ab absolutely, bro. I used to, I used to play with Marshan for Real. K that Beast mode.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We from, we from the same neighborhood. So, okay. So, You know, I played him, played against him. And in Pop Warn High school in college. Yeah. I played at Sacramento State. So, so, so, so o show, bro. We, we, we both played for the same coach. Man, you remember Coach Steve Moha? Hey, coach Moose. Yeah. Coach, yeah. Coach Moose got me my scholarship at ah, at Sacramento State. Oh yeah. Look at that's me scoring a touchdown on, on, on Davis. Right there on uc. Davis? Yeah. Oh, that's live You receiver ride? I Was, I played Slack. Oh, was You? Talk it up. IIII not like y'all bro, but I, I, I paid for school, You know what I'm saying? I paid for you feel me?


Yeah. There are go. Yep. And that's Dope, man. Hey coach, coach Moose is good, man. Coach, coach, coach Moose. So lemme ask you this, okay. You go to college, you And you have a nice little college career. Yep. When did you decide to say, You know, what film is gonna be the direction that I go In? Mm, yeah, bro, it's a great question. So, so I, I, I got my first scholarship to a school called St. Mary's College. And it, it, it, it is known as a basketball school where we had, we had, we used to have a football team. And then they dropped the program after my freshman year. Okay. I, I, I played, I played quite a bit that season. Like I, I, I was returning, I was returning kicks, You know, I was, I was playing, I was playing receiver. I played a little bit of DB that year.


And so I got some, some more scholarship offers. But while I was there, it was a woman named Rosemary Graham, who, who taught a creative writing class. And she read something I wrote and she was like, Hey man, you should think about writing screenplays. You know, my girlfriend at the time, she's now my wife, she bought me a little software that I could write screenplays. But I, I fell in love with it, man. So, so by the time I transitioned to Sacramento State, I was doing it on the side, taking, taking, taking classes and, and, and shooting, shooting short films with my homies, You know. And then I, I applied to film school in 2007. I It is crazy, bro. 'cause 'cause we was in, I was doing real well going into my senior year. And I, And I, And I got an injury doing seven on seven, where a walk on a cat was trying to walk on a team was over eager.


And he, he caught me on a pulse and broke my zygomatic arch right here. Ah. So, so it was, it was, I was eight weeks off where I couldn't lift. I couldn't do anything. And, And I, and, and during that time I realized like, I need to, I need to put this application in for film school. Man football is, is, is, is fleeting. You know what I'm saying? So I, so I applied to USC field school And I, I got accepted. I found out, I got accepted like in the middle of the season. And, and, and right around that time, man, I started to find myself, my mind wondering when I'll be on the field thinking about else, I'm think about, I'm thinking about a movie I wanna make. I'm thinking about being on set. You know, that shit is dangerous when you doing that. Yeah. To be football. You gotta be all in. And I was kind, kind when I knew, You know what I mean? Right. That, that, that's dope, man.


I, I want to talk. Listen, I'm, I'm a movie head. I, I, I enjoy films. I enjoy the arts and the crafts of it. I, I I enjoy getting lost in character. I get very passionate when I, when I talk about stuff like this. So I watch the trailer for sentence and, and it, to me, it seemed like a unique blend of, of, of supernatural action, You know, mystery and, and psychological theater. How did you approach this genre and, and, and, and in bending concept? And what was it about this story that made you want to tell it? Man, that's a beautiful question, man. So, so, so I had an uncle who was from Mississippi. You know, I'm from Oakland, but I had an uncle who was from Mississippi, and he was like the oldest member of my family, oldest male member of my family. You know what I'm saying? So I, whenever I kicked it with him, he wanted listen to All Bulls records and drink all pack of whiskey, You know what I'm saying?


And, and, and he passed away while I was working on Creed in 2015. And I never really, really reckoned with, with, with his passion, You know what I'm saying? And I, I, I would, I would put Blues records on to think about him. And that was how I got the idea for this man. Like, like, Like, You know, coming off of, coming off of Black Panther was a real long movie that, that would kind for everyone. We, we dealt a lot of tragedies, a lot of, a lot of misfortune dealing with the Covid situation. So for me, I wanted to make something that was quick, but also something I was, that was very much very unique, very profound. You know what I'm saying? Like, like in, in, And I wanted to, to, to play in a, in, in a genre rock can incorporate music. But I also wanted to make something that was a little bit, that was a little scary man.


Because, You know, black folks, we like that. You know what I mean? We like hear there and, and talking at the screen. You know what I'm saying? I think something that, something that get down. Exactly. I Back. Exactly. You know, And I think, I think if we have some incredible filmmakers that have, that have capitalized on the medium, You know what I'm saying? Like, I, You know, you think, you think of Jordan, Jordan P Yeah. But, but Get out. Yeah. Yeah. But Spice Spice done his thing in that, in that, in that genre near deas and everything in that genre. Yeah. You know, so I was fired up about it, bro. And, and, and, You know, truthfully, bro, like it was a chance for me being a product of the great migration, You know what I'm saying? Can being from being born and raised on the west coast, right? I get back to the South and, and, and, and embrace that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.


Embrace that part of my ancestry, You know what I mean? Like, like I had, I had the, I had the most amazing time making this movie, bro. How, how, how long, how long? I'm just curious, how long does it take to make, make a movie in general? I'm not, I don't mean this one in, in in, in specifically, but I'm just saying in general, what, what, what's the timetable like? That's a great question. So, so this one we made relatively quickly, but, but they, they, they go from, it can go from anywhere from two to four years. You know, this one we was able to make in one year. Yeah. Yeah. It, it's, it's, it's, it is essentially, bro, it's essentially like a imagine imagine a season, season and a high football. You know what I mean? You Know,


when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


It's spring savings at Bray and scarf going on now with huge savings throughout the store. Save up to 30% on select GE profile and cafe appliances. You can also save on in-stock GE profile refrigerators and bestselling washers. Shop local and save now during spring savings at Bray and Scarf. Visit any of their convenient locations or shop online@brayandscarf.com where it doesn't cost more to get more.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons, first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur, and almost most importantly, Ayo Enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Ayo enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast, Aho is where sports music and fitness collide, And we cover it all. The arva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world, like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth is Wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. Jay Edgar Hova was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It takes you six months to shoot, six months to a year to shoot it, and then you have to edit it. It takes you another six to months to a year to edit It. Correct? Yeah, man. And, and that's not including writing the script because I, I write the script too. Right. Okay. And sometimes you gotta shop the movie around, You know what I'm saying? Right, right. You know, so I can tell you how long my movies all took. So this is my fifth movie that I wrote and directed. Okay. Fruitville, it takes at Fruitville Station. Yep. Classic. Right on classic man. Right on. That's crazy. I said that, man. But it, it took me, it took me about a year to make that one. Okay. You know, creed, we shot that. We still, so Creed, we, our creed was about a year and a half, You know, like, like in a half of that year was just trying to convince Stallone that, that it, that it was worth doing.


You know what I mean? And, and Right. Rightfully so. You know what I mean? He, he was, he was, he wanted to make sure that we was, we, we was serious about it and, and, and make sure that it worked, it would work for him. And, and then we shot in January, we put the film out in like November. That was a fast one. Black Panther took about two years, started working on that in 2016, put it on in 2018. Black Fabric was like a, was like a four year movie. You know what I'm, wow. Because I wrote, I wrote one script, You know what I'm saying? Chadwick passed away. I didn't know, You know, didn't even know he was sick. So I didn't have to rewrite that. You know, we got going, the pandemic slowed down quite a bit. And then, You know, my, my lovely actress got injured, so we had to shut down for a little bit, You know what I mean? Right. And we put that one out. So, so I, I, I wanted to make something fast after that, after that, You know, four years on, on, on one movie, you feel me?


But I was blessed man to, to, to be able to make something that, that I'm so proud of, man. Like, super, You know, really proud of this man. I can't wait to show it to y'all, man. I think y'all gonna dig it, man. Listen, I'm, I, I know I'm a dig it. When you walk the trailer for me, when it comes to anything that you do, whether you're an athlete, you have to be a special athlete that puts butts in the seats. When you're a comedian, you have to be a comedian that has stage presence to always keep the cr the crowd engaged when I walk the trailer. And it, and it catches you when it catches you right away. I don't know who did the editing And I don't know who did the trailer, but I'm telling you right away, it catches you and it keeps you and it holds you. And then it's like, it's an appetizer, but it ain't enough.


It ain't enough. Because I want to, I want to see what's next. So now I can't wait to see it. And, and just, I, I'm, I'm very passionate and enthusiastic when it comes to movies, bro, I've been a fan of yours for a long time. All your work, everything you've done, that's why I can't shut up right now. My family, I'm gonna tell you something. I'm gonna tell you something crazy. Otro For real, bro. I'm gonna tell you something crazy. We met before, bro. For real. We met at the, at the, at the Tribeca Field Festival. It was the first film festival I already got into. Spike did a movie called Kobe Doing work. And, and, and ES esp N has the world premiere of it, bro. And I, And I, And I, And I saw you in there And I went over there and shook your hand, bro. You know what I'm saying? Just, just, just on the strength, You know, just being a fan of, of what you do on the football field, bro.


I was also student in the game, bro. You know what I'm saying? Like what y'all, what y'all was doing, bro. Yes. Over there in Cincinnati, man. When it was, when it, when it was, when it was, when it was you and, and TJ and the boys, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Hey, like, like, like, like, just, just how, just just the, the, the, the precision of the route running, bro. The confidence, You know, You know what I'm saying? Both of y'all had that. Both of y'all had the mental game too, bro. I remember. I remember, I remember Shannon bro. And you used to be micd up back forth. Appreciate that. I Appreciate that. I appreciate, Hey Brian, lemme study your movies. A lot of your movies. You got Michael B. Jordan. Now Michael B. Jordan in this role, he plays a dual role. He stacking, because I was like, I like, hold on.


If on that look like this, this look like Michael B. Jordan playing both of Ebo for, I said, come on, Dialo. I had to rewind and look even close. I said it's, yeah. So what is it about Mike that you love casting him in your movies? If I'm not mistaken? He was in Fruitvale. He was in Fruitvale too. Happened In all of, yeah, yeah, yeah. Even, even in all of 'em. Look, bro, like, like what, what you'll find it's chemistry, man. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's a, it's a head coach and a quarterback. It's a quarterback and a receiver. You know, like, like, you get, you, you develop a shorthand where, where you save time. You know what I'm saying? You establish a time for the rest, for the, for the, for the rest of the, of the crew. And, and, And we not the first ones to do it, man. Usually when you see, when you see filmmakers work, they usually had like Spike and Denzel.


Yeah. Oh yeah, man. I mean, big time Spike and Denzel, Tony, Scott, and Denzel. Yep. You know, Scorsese had a, had a, had a thing with, with the Nero and Caprio. You rekindled it with Leo. Exactly. You know, it, it, it's a, it's, it's, it's helpful, man. And, and, and, and Mike has a, You know, Mike, Mike has a, has has a very, a magazine work ethic. You know what I'm saying? Like, he, like, he, he's always willing to go, always trying to push himself. He doesn't wanna rest on his laurels, You know? And I, And I, And I, And I can rock with that, bro. So, so I, You know, I put him in, I'll put him in every movie if I can. I always, he'll always have a, he'll always have a role if I'm, if I'm working, You know what I mean? And lemme ask you this, right? How did you, how did you come up with the name Sinners? Why the name Sinners?


Man, that's a great question, bro. We, we, we found that Late Man, like for a long time that movie was just called Grilled Cheese. It was a working, it was working title. Yeah. Like, like, so he pulled up in Louis in Louisiana, You know, this past summer and said, Hey man, what girl she shooting at, they would've brought you, they would've brought you to our movie. Okay. You know? And, and, and, and the story behind that name was, I had been cooking these long, these long drawn out crazy meals. I wanted to make some quick and fast. I knew what tastes good, You know what I'm saying? So that's how we came up with that. But for, but for Sinners, You know, it was a collaboration between us and the studio trying to figure out the, the right, the right name for the movie. And, And we realized that, that, that that line, You know, that that word was said so many times throughout the script, You know, it, it deals with blues music and this relationship with the church.


You know, like a lot of times the the best blues singers will, will, will come from Gospel. You know what I'm saying? You know, learn that, that, You know, a lot of times they daddy was pastors, You know what I mean? And, and, and they, and they singing, they singing music about drinking and bumping and grinding, and it's in conflict with how they was raised. You know what, You know what I'm Right. So that, so that dynamic was one that we were really, that we were really, You know, once we realized like, like that, like, like it was like, oh man, that was always the name. It should have always been called that, You know, But this movie, but the trust no one, because this movie has a lot to do with paranoia. Absolutely, bro. Like, I, I mean, look, it's, it's, it's, You know, it's dealing with, it's dealing with black culture.


You know what I'm saying? And, and, and a lot of folks don't know that, like, that, that, You know, I would argue that blues music is the most important contribution that America has made to, to global pop culture. You know what I'm saying? Everything Originated off. Everything comes from that. And, and, And you do the, and when you do the research, it really came from this one specific area of Mississippi, You know what I mean? Like, like, like in, in, in, and at that time when, when Bulls was created, it was very hard. It was a very hard place to be black. You know what I'm saying? And yeah. And, and, and people were trying to, people were trying to affirm that humanity affirm that dignity at a time. When, when, when, when it was, You know, when it was, when it was very difficult and people were trying to keep 'em separate. Right. You know what I mean? And if, if, and for me, that experience kind of breeds a, a level of paranoia.


You know what I mean? When you can't, when you can't be out after, after dark in certain towns where you gotta, You know, where you, where You know it, where everybody knows everybody when somebody new shows up, You know what I'm saying? Or somebody who's been gone a long time, You know, it's a little, it's a little bit of, You know, you might look at 'em a certain way, You know? I mean, how did y'all come up, man? Did y'all come from places where everybody knew everybody? You, you could tell an outside at the jump, I'm, I'm from a small town. They was, there was 3,500 people with two traffic lights. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah. I mean, we pretty much, we pretty much knew everybody. Now, obviously there were people that were, would come back from New York or Chicago or Detroit that I wasn't familiar with, but I knew their family. And after a while they end up staying. So we were cool, we were cool with them.


Also, you said something very interesting because everybody talks about the Mississippi Delta, the Delta Blues. Yes, sir. This film, this film deals with a lot of brotherhood, loyalty. Fake. Yes, sir. You, you did a great job of, of, of working and, and, and, and, And, and Putting all that together. And it came together from the trailer, from what I saw. I'm gonna go, I haven't been to the movie. I haven't been to the movie since the pandemic. I'm gonna go check this one out. Oh, Right on Kenny, to see how you tie this thing all together. Now I saw the too minute trailer, but I wanna see you tie this thing together for 90 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean, I mean, we, we, I'm proud of it, man. And like, like, look, look, another reason I think you going, you going dig it, man, is your relationship with your brother Sterling, bro.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, whenever I hear y'all, whenever I hear y'all talk, I gotta imagine in y'all neighborhood, y'all was known, You know what I mean? Like, Like, You know, like in, in, in that, so these twins, You know, it, it, it's Stack and Smoke. Yeah. Smoke and stack. It's an archetype. Right? Like every neighborhood, always I ever been there, had a set of twins that everybody knew that was kind of notorious, You know what I'm, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And we, And we, And we plan on that, that, You know, that, that, that, that relationship between the brothers man, what makes them similar, what makes them different, You know, I think Mike just did a beautiful job with it, man. I think he really gonna enjoy it. Anybody who, who got that type of relationship, You know what I'm saying? I a big brother, got a little brother, You know, that gonna really feel this movie, I think on a different level. I like it. I got, I got one more question, man.


After creating something like this, something that's so bold, so different and, You know, you're pushing boundaries, You know, with, with, with most of your work and, and your craft. And, and again, I'm, I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna harp on it. 'cause I've never had a chance to actually tell you. Now I do. I'm gonna make sure I let You know, I'm a huge fan of everything you've done, And I'm really, I'm really, really excited for this. But do you see yourself continue to push boundaries with more genre films? Or, or, or just, I don't wanna be too nosy, but what's next? All right, we got another creed coming. If we, if we do got another creed coming, I wanna shoot my shot real quick. Oh, we Did. I Like the final boss. Yeah. We got, we got, we got other Creed coming for sure. Oh, let me, let me, lemme Yeah. Yeah, Mike's going, Mike's gonna direct that.


So, so yeah, like, like, You know, a absolutely, bro. Like, I think, I think we love to make something happen for you. And, and, but the, the other, the other piece for me is like, You know, I I wanna work a long time, bro. Yeah. Like, like I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna make all types of stuff, man. And, And I, I do love working in the genre space. This is my first, this was my first like, movie without out horror elements. And bro tell you, it's very addictive. You know what I'm saying? Like, like, like the, the idea, the idea of doing something else that, that, that, that isn't this much fun. It kind of frightens me a little bit, man. Like, You know, so, so, so, but, but we'll see man. We'll, we'll put this out to the world and how people respond and then we'll go from there.


But I'm, but I'm definitely, I'm definitely not closing the door on doing more genre work for sure, man. It was, it was just, it was just too much fun. IY for real. Right? Right. I like, I Like, You know what Ryan, when I look at it And I think about like, you did Fruit Veil, you've done Creed, you've done Black Panther. Now you're in this genre. It's kind of like Spike. 'cause Spike has kind of been all over the place. Yeah. He's done Malcolm X he's done hurricane, he did Devil in Blue Dress, he's done the Harlem Blues. He's done inside, man. He's done, I think, man, I think he did, man. No, that was, that was he, He did 25th hour. 25th hour. Yes. So he's kind of been, is that kind of like, look, I don't want y'all pigeon hold me in there and saying, oh, he only does if this a comedy, this is rhyme.


If it's something to do with Marvel or a Black Panther, it's gotta be rhyme. You wanna be like multifaceted. You don't wanna be tied down or pigeonholed or typecast for any particular type of movie. Right. That's absolutely correct. Man, spike Spike's a big, big hero of mine, man. A mentor, You know, same with, same with John Singleton. You know what I'm saying? Yep. Big, big hero mentor. And then stepping outside of our, our, You know, our community. Right? A lot of film Americas like Steven Soderberg, You know what I'm saying? Where you never know, you never know what they're gonna do next. Right. But you, but you gotta, you gotta, You know, it's gonna be quality. You know what I'm, You know what I'm saying? Like, like, like if, if, And I do definitely wanna continue to push myself, but also push the medium forward, man.


You know what I'm saying? Like, it's, it's, it's a blessing to be able to, to to, to work in a space where you get to work on things that are fresh, work on things that haven't been done before. You know, for instance, with this film, You know, this is the first time that, that, that IMAX camera has been combined with a, with a ultra pan vision lens. Right? So it's the same, it's the same camera work, same camera package that was used on Quin Tarantino was filming the Hateful eight. Oh, that was great. Yeah. Yeah. So you combine that, that was good with the traditional IMAX film camera. First time ever, You know what I'm saying? So, so, so getting, getting a chance to break new ground and do that with, with, You know, with people of color on the screen. Right. You know what I mean? In a, in a story setting, the Mississippi Delta, man, it's a, it is a great honor to be able to do something like that, You know? You know what I mean?


And, and, and it helps me to, to be motivated, helps me to stay sharp. You know, I'm getting to work with people who I've been working with for a long time, man, it's just amazing. Yeah. That's, that's dope. I don't want, I don't wanna be too presumptuous of, of this, but I saw something and it seems like, I forget the two brothers, but it's two brothers Ocho and one of them might be cast. I wanna throw my hat in for Tchaa, You know, I'm gonna throw my hat in. I just throw, oh Man. Come on. What You doing? Hey. Oh, I'm gonna throw my hat into me. Hey Man. Get it in there. Hug. Hey. Hey man, we can talk about it, man. Hey, How you gonna, how you gonna take Myo? Can I get my role first in Cree? Oh, okay.


Oh, you okay. You wanna be one of the fighters that Cree fight? Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. I Gotta think. I got an extensive background in combat sport, so it would be perfect to be able to transition. So I ain't really gotta play no character. I could just be Myself. Hey, I pop in that thing as ocho, huh? I, I feel Yeah. All this Hoge. That's the thing. All this Hoge. Oh, Oh, all this Hoge. Oh yeah, yeah. I mean he, hey, they had him, they had him already in the uniform. I'm like, okay. Yeah, he definitely could, he could definitely pass. But to Tyler. Yeah, he could, he could. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, all that shot. Big shots off the artist, man. He incredible. You know, he made watches too, bro. Does he? But like, straight up, straight up noise. How make watches bro.


Right. Wow. Like a, like a, like a, like a genius bro. You know what I'm saying? Ryan, were you, were you as a kid? Were you in comics? Were you a superhero fan? Yeah, big time. I had an older cousin, You know, I'm the oldest of three boys, so I didn't have no big brothers always been looking for one, You know what I'm saying? So I, I had an older cousin who was, who was, who was seven years older than me, who was a big punk head. And I, I got into him just 'cause he, I thought he was cool, you feel me? So I, I, so that's when I started reading him. But I, I, I did, I did always read him. Like I, I took a break from a little bit when I, when I got serious about sports, right. But we would still watch the cartoons, what have you. But it wasn't, You know, it was, it was all school and ball. But Like, You know, from, I would say from like, from like eighth grade, like ninth grade maybe to, to, to, to, to my senior year of college.


And I went back to film school. I got back into 'em. You know what I mean? Do You collect them? Man, that's a great question, bro. I honestly, I, I, I, I do, I do, man. Like, not but not, but not actively, bro. Like, like what happens now is is like I'll go to Comic-Con for work And I, and I'll go, they got, they got a, they got basically a, a, a floor. You know where you can, where you can go, where you can go buy anything? Trade, buy, sale. Yeah. I, I go in there and hit the floor and co one or something, You know what I mean? But it's been a while since I've been in the comic book story, man. I'm not, I'm not gonna hold you. Gimme your top five superheroes. Woo. Shit. All alright. I'm gonna go fast. I'm not, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna overthink it. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go to, I'm gonna go to Charlie number one.


Okay. And then I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go Wolverine. Okay, cool. Can I put villains in it? You can, yeah. Alright. I got, I got, I got Magneto number three. You got who? Magneto. Magneto? Yeah. I got, I got, I got, I got Magneto number three. I got, alright, well I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go deep cut. I'm gonna go deep Cut. Roro Sar from, from Watch me. Okay. I know Roro Shark, R Shark. Okay. Watch me and then, and then I'm gonna, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go rogue.


Okay? I Rogue And I, yeah, yeah. Rogue is gas. Like, like the, the, the, the, You know, You know, You know, You know, take our glove off touch, touch you, take your powers, knock you all. I mean that's, that's, yeah. That's, that's pretty, that's pretty solid. I'm Surprised you really didn't go with a lot of the old like, like Superman. Batman, Batman. Ain't no superhero Batman. They got, he can't do it without that Belt, bro. Bro. Bat Batman. Batman. Batman was a dog for me though, bro. Like, like the fact that I'm saying this without saying Batman is crazy. 'cause 'cause that, that was, that was, that was man, that was, that was the one for us. 'cause they had to, they had to, they had the animated series. Mm. Yeah. And we used to mainline And I had a homie from Fresno who played db incredible defensive back.


He a coach now, man, me and him during fall camp, bro. We, we went half on the, on the, on the DVD pack. And during them dope days, we, we would ride back to his girl house and watching and watched the movie between bro, we, she'll, she'll make a, she'll make a little, she'll make a little fool for us, bro. We on the couch, bro. Take taking it, taking it back to eighth grade with it. You know, that's the, That's live. That's live. So let Black Panther three. How long we gotta wait? Not long. Yeah, not long. I mean, there been a lot of rumors circulating that Denzel going to be in it. Yep. I don't know. That's what, that's what the word in the street.


Yeah. I have my head yo Talking. Yeah, Yeah. Talking. Yeah. We, I, I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I've been dying to work with Denzel man And I, I, and, And I, I'm hoping we can make that happen. But, but, but I, I, I got every intention on working with him in that, in that movie. And, and, and he, as long as, as long as, as long as he interested, man, we, we, it is gonna happen. Wow. But, but, but You know, he, he a he a living legend man. And, and, and he is, and a great, and a great mentor for so many of us. You know, like, like he just, he just, he all about, he all about looking out for us now, man. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and You know what wasn't an example, bro, for how to, how to, how, how to, how to live man.


He got his family around him. His, You know, his his his children. Yeah, man. Like everybody around Paul been with Paul Letter for 40 plus years. Oh. John Davis. John Davis used to train with me in Atlanta. I had retired, but he was down at Morehouse and the trainer that trained me, bring him to the track. We, You know, You know, tell him how to do certain things. Yeah. So I I, I've known that family for 20, that was in, I retired so like 20 plus years. Yeah. So, and Denzel is great. His, his wife Pauletta. Yeah. John, David. Man, they, they're unbelievable People. Rc I just, I just seen Denzel. I wasn't able to actually, I, they were, I was able to let him know I was there, but he wasn't taking no visitors. It didn't matter.


It didn't matter who you were. I was able to see him last week on New York. I went to see Othello. Yeah. Yeah. He, he on play. What he on Broadway, bro? No, no, No. Yeah, when he on Broadway, he in a different zone, bro. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How was it played? Oh man. Beautiful, beautiful. Listen, I, I I I, I, I took drama. I took drama in high school. So that's why I still have a, a love for, for drama in the arts and theater and, and dance. So I, I really, Excuse me. Huh? Come on, Unc, man. Start playing right. And listen, Unc, you already know. 'cause you can Hey Unc, you can hear me talk when I talk about certain things you already know. It's something I really like now. Hey, hey, why you, why you, hey, why you, why you call Bush?


When he said dance start, that was when he, that was when he got up in there And you, hey. Yep. Hold on. This, this how, this how, You know, I love dance too. Mind you, mind you rc I did, I did the river dance. I did ballet when I was playing. Yeah. I just left, I just left New Orleans last week. I went to see Alvin Elli man for the, the umpteen time since 1988 when my grandma took me to go see him in 88 at the Gusman Theater. I love it, bro. Thanks Alvin and the Chipmunks. Hey, come on. Huh? Hey, I, I wanna go see him. I'm gonna see him. I haven't been to a whole lot of Broadway. I saw, I saw Samuel Jackson when he played Dr. King.


Okay. I might not get there. Yeah. Broadway is d is different. Yeah, it is, it is so different than going to the, it is so different than going to an actual movie. Yeah. I don't know if it, You know what I'm saying on joke, I mean, you, like, you, you just went to a, but to sit there and to see I'm like, damn, this is amazing. Yeah. Yeah. It's no joke, bro. It, it, it's, it's a true actor's medium, You know what I'm saying? Yes. Like, like, like, whereas in, whereas in film, You know, like, like it is arguably a filmmaker's medium. No said television is a writer's medium. Like, like, like that, that stage is a actor's medium, bro. They got nothing to save them, You know what I'm saying? They just, they just, they just up there. You know what I mean? And it's, no, you man.


You know what I'm saying? Like, I, it's just, it's just, I I, Bro, and that's what Denzel says. Denzel says, he's a, he's a, a, a, a, a, a, a theatrical actor that went to the, and screamed say he cut his teeth on Broadway. Yeah. And he takes that. He says, some people are staged and they come to Broadway. I was Broadway that went to the, went to the screen. It's, It's interesting too, bro. 'cause, 'cause like, 'cause like a lot of people don't, a lot of people don't understand too, is like, is like, is like the culture of, of Broadway, You know, like, like very similar to, You know, very similar to basketball, right? Like, if you, if you, if you, You know, like basketball is very culturally ingrained in the United States.


So much so that if you go professional, if you go watch a professional basketball game anywhere in the world, most of the players is gonna be from the states. You know what I'm saying? If you go overseas to, to Italy and watch a game there or overseas in Germany, You know what I'm saying? Like, like, you'll, you'll, you'll see a lot of players here. And, and with that stage where You know, it, it's so culturally ingrained in the uk You know what I, You know what I mean? Like, it's, it's, it's a part of that culture. They, they, they, they about the stage, right? The way we are about basketball here, You know what I'm, You know what I'm saying? It is in every school. It's in every, You know, so you see, so you'll see these British actors getting shipped all, all over the place, man. They, they ain't on every road, You know what I mean? They ain't on every, on every, You know, You know, white, white British actors, black British actors, You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. And, and, and, and for, for me coming up, bro, the first time I hit, I hit a Broadway play and really, and really seen and really seen it. You seen somebody get down, You know what I, yeah, it was, it was, it was Like, You know, like, like I, I, I, I damn near wish I had been exposed to it earlier, bro. You know what I'm saying? Because I might, I might have been, I might have been doing that. You know what I mean? Right. You know,


when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons, first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur, and almost most importantly, a per enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide, And we cover it all. The Riva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world, like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Is Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the right. We're officially Linemates Nate. We worthy the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, well, hey, even if I just get a Campo, I could be, I could be on Bo's brother. Oh, we got you, bro. Hey, hey. If y'all with it, man. Hey. Huh? Hey, Hey. I can be a Boku Brother. Something. Put Your boy in there. I'm coming down there. I'm coming. I'm coming with it. Right? I'm coming. Hey, 80. Hey, I'm with it, man. Y y man. I'm with it, man. Y y y'all, y'all, y'all got, y'all got such, y'all got such great chemistry, man. When I, when I, when I, when I watch y'all, bro. Yeah, it's evident man. It's evident. I appreciate that. Sinners arrive in theaters April 18th, directed by, written by Ryan Kogler. He ridden such Frank Fruit, bell Station, black Panther, Wakanda Forever.


Forever, creed. And now he's with this one. Sinners arrives in theater. April 18th. Ryan, thank you for giving us a little bit of your time. Thank you for the trailer. We all support you. Hey, chat. Make sure we go out here and support our brother Ryan Kogler. Hey, he's doing big things for the community. He doing a big thing for the culture. Yes, sir. And we gotta make sure we keep him up. We gonna lift him up And we gonna keep him up there. Ryan, thank you so much for your time. Appreciate it. Hey, I'll see you down the road, Man. I appreciate y'all, man. Thank God. Thank you boss man. Love man. Lord. Yes, sir. We gotta talk about this. What Bishop Marvin Sapp is receiving backlash. He locked the doors of the church until they receive 40 K in donations.


Let's take a listen to this ocho. Okay? And they understand the cost that is involved. There's 1000 of you. I said Close them doors, ushers, close the doors. Close the doors. Close the doors. It's a thousand. That's watching online. This is a small seed. If I get a thousand online to give this, if I get a thousand in the sanctuary to give this, that's $40,000 tonight. Now everyone up here, we've all sold and seen it. But I need everyone standing up here with us, with me to plant a seed of $100 because again, it costs to sit up here.


And this is what I need you to do. If you're giving electronically, or even if you're giving tangibly, I'm gonna have y'all come to the altar and give it. 'cause I need to see a thousand people moving. Bring them baskets. Bring, I want the baskets up here. I wanna see the folk. Y'all start moving. Y'all can bring in right now. Come, come, come, come, come. A thousand people need to give $20. A thousand people need to give $20. A thousand people online need to give $20. This is easy Saints. Hey, well that's always been the church. That's always been the church. But see, they used to be, Oh, that's always been to church. I I, I grew up in a church. You know that offering played to come around by two to five, nine, They said, but the Lord said give what you can.


Right? He ain't put no, he ain't put no number on it. Oh no. Where the Bible thing. He say when you tithe 10, 10%, 10% of your earn now yes. 10% of your earnings. Now he will say, Malachi, I think it's through Malachi three, eight through 11. He said, A man robbed God. He answers the question because he already know what you're gonna do. He say, yeah, where would I rob you? He said, in tithe ain't an offering. Oh, he say, bring your tithe to the storehouse And I open up the windows of heaven and pour you out of blessings that you will not be able to receive. What? What? That, that's what he said. Now he ain't tell these Jack ladies coming up here talking about, Hey, see what they preaching is prosperity. Yes sir.


Yes sir. But see, come on. That's why I'm gonna go into the ministry. Come on Now. You kicking that? Hey, hold. Yeah. Hold show. Yes, sir. Oh, fast. Play around off a plastic collection plate. Now look here, don't you? Hey, don't put no change in the collection plate. Yeah. I don't like noise. Yeah, Dog. God don't Like noise. I don't like noise paper. Listen, I didn't go into the back. Listen, listen. Hey, you, You know ma mama and sat. Now the church, the church, the church, the church that's part of the building fund. The church need new windows. You aint tell Church, you not gonna tell me How McGill Pop Paul part.


Oh, he need a roll. Oh, he need a, he need a jet. Oh, he need a a roll Royce. He need a Yeah. He ain't gonna have a better, he ain't gonna have a, if I'm working harder, he ain't gonna have a better car than me. Not that I'm donating to. Yeah. Hey, well, well, one, one thing you gotta understand Now, I I I've never, I've never been in, I've never been in the pulpit. I've never been a preacher. But I do understand the work that come behind it. I do understand the study and the hours and all, all the stuff that they have to go through when it comes to running the church and being a preacher. And I'm not gonna sit up here and preach 'cause I'm, that's not me. I am not finna play with the Lord like that. But in the Bible it says Play with the Lord. Hold on, listen to me. Now, in the Bible it says, God loves a cheerful giver.


It doesn't tell you how much you got to give though. Exactly. That's My point. That, that, that's it. Now that's the only thing I don't agree with. Now you ain't finna lock them goddamn doors. And I got get home and watch the basketball game. 'cause it's March Madness. Talking about something. I gotta give you a thousand dollars now. The devil is a lot. Now you gonna open them doors And I'm gonna give you what you what I can now that's what's gonna happen. Or we gonna have to tussle up here in this church. Yeah. Then God will have to come down there and pull me up off you. He gonna have to, he gonna have, he gonna have to come, he gonna have to come down, up off his throne because he is the alpha and Omega, omega is high and looks low. So he know I'm gonna be tear your tail up in that church if you lock up doors.


And I can't get up outta there. But I would say, but come on now. Oh, they, they, they, they, they, Hey, they doing too much Ocho. Hey, They doing too much. They a trip. They, they a trip. And it's, it is a new church. I didn't even Ocho I didn't even know, I didn't even know pastors was a job. 'cause every, when I grew up, the pastor, he was the principal. He was a janitor. He cut hair. He wasn't no preacher full time. That wasn't the only job he had. Right. I ain't know. I I swear on you. I did not know that that was a full-time job. Yeah. Janor. I mean, maybe it's just me. Maybe that was just a southern thing. But Yeah. Hey man, My pastor was, was a, was was, was a teacher at the school or he was a principal or he was a custodian?


He was the barber. Yeah. He did other things. He wasn't just, he just didn't preach. Maybe that's just by, I don't know. Right. Maybe that's just me. Hey. But one thing you gotta think, I'm not sure if Marvin Sapp has a mega church, but I understand what, what goes into it and what entails when it comes to the overhead for a church of that magnitude with a congregation. Well, stop building the church that big. Yeah. I'm, and listen, I don't know. I ain't never been there. I I ain't never been there. But listen, I, one thing I do, I I love some preaching. Boy, I love some preaching. Now, You know, grandma had me in the church, You know, Sunday, Wednesday Bible study. I led the choir. You know, I was, I was in the, I was in the junior choir. I was a junior deacon.


I did, I did a little bit. Everything. I, i, I would need to see where they said that in the Bible. What it Oh, the hell. It's not in there. And they locked the doors. Now it's not in there in The Bible. No, it's not in there. That's not in there. You know, they, they, they, they, they rewrite their own story now. Yeah. You know, we, we, we, we, we, we good for that. We good For that. What goes to show you? Yeah. It used to be Salvation was free, but minister the found a way to charge for salvation. Salvation was free. But that's a good one. Everywhere, Man. They need to stop. Look, that was, that's a good one. Now. And It's not the fact that it's $20, it's the fact that he's put a number on it. Right.


You don't tell somebody what they should give. That's between them and their God. Yes, sir. Not between the preacher trying to get money out your pocket. Yeah. Especially, especially during these times. I give, I ain't got no problem giving. But you don't, he ain't gonna tell me how much to give. That ain't got nothing to do with him. That's between me. Hey, I'm gonna have to answer. No matter what you think of Shannon Sharp, Shannon's gonna have to answer for Shannon. Yeah. You could save one soul your own. Yep. You trying to tell me what I need to do. I would have to give an account for this. I'm would have to go before that man. Yeah. And everything. He gonna say, you remember this, you gonna remember.


You remember that man. They need to. They, I I, I don't, I don't be liking that OI don't, I don't. Yeah. I, listen, I'm, listen, I'm, I'm with you when you're right. I'm with you in right now. I'm not getting too upset about it because I, I've come from the Baptist church, You know, I've been there. I know what it's like from a little, from a little one until I was a senior. Look, I remember sitting on them, them, them, them benches. We had wooden benches. You fly too much. You might get a splint in your butt. Yeah. We didn't have no cushion. We didn't have no cushion. Any seats. The it leaked And I mean, I mean they, they revamped it. Yeah. But it was a, it it was a church.


And you felt, And you felt the Lord come in there now in have got all these fancy things. Lord Lion ain't coming by here. Yeah. Yeah. Oh boy. Y'all, y'all play it in my name now. Hey, y'all gonna have the answer for this. Hey, there was some good days. Now you, Now you got, I mean, just, you mentioned that video. Just bring back memories at church with grandma in Overtown. You know about Overtown, right? In Miami? Yeah. Mount Olive Baptist Church. I'll never forget Reverend Clark. Then as I got, as I got a little older, That first pastor, my first pastor with name was Reverend Clark. For real? Yeah. As I as I as I got a little older, You know, Miami, Northwestern, where Teddy Bridgewater just won a national championship. Yeah. I started walking from my grandma house on 44th.


11. I started walking to new birth. 'cause new birth, they, they was at Miami, Northwestern and having church there. And I started going to see the honorable Victor t Currys Vic, Victor t Curry, and became a part of that church. And now they over there in open lock off one 35th. Everybody that's a part of new birth. I know you might see this Victor t Curry. I hope everything is good. I know. I ain't been to church in a while. I ain't got no suits. But I love you. And I'm doing, I'm doing right Ocho. Yeah. But they've been preaching prosperity for the longest time. You remember the televangelists? See Reverend Ike and they had Jimmy Swagger and they had, and Oh, Jimmy, You know by Jimmy? Yeah. Hey.


Yeah. Oh, and Jimmy Swag got been talking about Father I sin, I'm saying, Hey, hey. But, but I'm saying y'all remember Rex hum barn. It was Jimmy Swagger. Rex Humbard. Reverend Knight was the first one. Yeah. Because Reverend Ike was having you put $5 and send it in for the prayer cloth. I don't know if y'all remember that, but been before your time chap. But I'm old enough to remember. That's one thing about being old. And once you get to a certain age, you realize that's your only purpose left to do is to get old. Man. He better stop playing with me. Hey man, hey, Hey, hey. That was classic goddamn Jimmy Swagger boy.


I remember Jimmy. Yeah. And I said, man, look here. That's funny. Like I said, I look, I give, the Lord knows you bless me. Yeah. And I don't have no, I don't have no problem Uhuh at all. And not only do I give to the church if, if people in need, Yeah, that's me. Hey, That's me. I'm gonna help people in the wildfires. That, that, that happened in California. Yes sir. Hey Shannon. Hey, You know, me and my mom, we, my mom ain't got nowhere to go, Shannon. Right. I get you. I get you a place for a couple of months. It is, Hey, I, I long, I've never, that that's the way my grand, that that's what my, my grandmother would give people her last.


I'm like, why you getting that? Hey, you ain't talking about they ain't got nothing to eat. Hell wet them. You know, we, we gonna be okay. We got some rua baggers and You know, we can make some crack limit. No, let them make Rus right. Give them what we going to eat. And then we can go to the supermarket And we get some hot dogs. But that ain't how Mary, that ain't how Mary Porter was. She say, son, You know, hey, one day God will bless you. Yeah. Hey, listen, she Believe, oh, Joe, she really, truly Yeah. Believed in that. Right. Hold on. I, I, I believe in that and, and always have, You know, you remember, remember when I used to do, do the tipping?


Do the tipping all the time. Yes. And I would put Proverbs search, the generous person will always, I, I, I, I stopped doing it 'cause I kind of got in trouble. 'cause people seeing me do that and give the others. So they complaining, well, why you not sending more to me if you got extra to give the strangers out? So I, I just, I stopped doing it all together, You know? So anyway, but I Think that's the same, that's the same thing, Ocho when we gave to Southern. Right. And why did you say, bro? Bro, come on man. Oh yeah. I, yeah, yeah. Man. What about a and t? What about this? What about wrong? Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it is, I, I, I stopped, I stopped. Foremost, Savannah State gets my undivided attention. Right. They marched on the list.


Right. No matter what. That's, yeah. Absolutely. And I love HBCUs. I'm matriculated. Yes. And I got a degree from Savannah State. But first and foremost, I'm here sitting in this seat because a lot of people in Savannah stated, Hayes Walton, Norman Elmore, Clare Baes, Joyce Macklemore, Joanne Green, Steve Smith, gay Hewitt. They believed in me. Yeah. They believed in me. So, man, please. But I, I've always been like that Ocho I, I, I've always, You know, when I, I got money.


I used to go back and, and, and, and tithe and, and, and make sure my grandma ooh, gimme something to put in the church. I give my grandma, You know, Ooh, you want me to put all this in church? You saying you something to put in church And you ain't gotta put it all there. Keep something for yourself. Now you ain't gotta put it all in there, but you say give you something to put in church. Yeah. You wasn't Put it all in there. I came. You know your baby go take care of you, granny. Yes sir. You go get some more. The Volume,


You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with Code space eighty@talkspace.com.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire. And everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa? Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up? I'm Laura, host of the podcast Courtside with Laura Corti, A masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis icon, Alana cos I don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone, And I want the whole market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's Up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive head first into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.