
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume like the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to Hoing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bes instantly When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once. Not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speeds not available in all areas.


Why are you scared? Man? That shit don't mean nothing nigga. It means so Deebo walked out like Deebo Nebo don't look at him like that. He gone run. Hey. I mean like that shit work on like regular people man. That shit don't scare nobody nigga. What you talking about boy? I'm on whatever you want boy. Hey, hey, hey, hey Shannon. Huh? I need to be a part of this 'cause I want buy the gates.


It ain't gonna be no regular ring. I'm put gates up high because he gonna try to get up outta there. Me? Yes. I want high gates if I, I want High Gate gone. We he Octagon He want MMA. No. Hold on. I want high gates so he can't get out. Hold on, hold on. So what you're sitting here telling me is you know how I am, you know how I'm built. You know the cloth I'm cut from and you don't believe in me because a nigga look like that. Yes. Yes. Alright, bet. Yeah. Hey all, all I'm saying, all bet we sit. Let me paint the picture for you all four in prison. Yeah, it's getting ready to get dog and me and Shannon, we walk out because we in the next cell and Debos just sitting up there eating some chips looking at you.


Something going down that night And It ain't gonna be Debo. It definitely ain't gonna be me. I'm just trying to figure out, look, I understand that y'all played in the same division and you know I don't think y'all ever beat Pittsburgh, but what makes you think that you can beat this man? He put his look, he put his pants on. Right? One leg at a time. Just like me. What did you talk about? Yeah, but the difference is his pants don't fit Mickey Mouse. Boy. These are large. Exactly. It's funny. It's, it's, I mean I think we look at aesthetics, we look at size, we look at somebody being big, we look at a nickname like Deebo and we mistake that with okay he can whoop everybody.


He not everybody. Lemme no I didn't say everybody who came up with this foolishness. Huh? Who came up with this foolishness? What foolishness? No. Come on man. Everybody in F NFL scared of Debo. What? Everybody in the NFL scared of Debo Steel. Man. When the last time you played do a decade? When the last time you played? Last time I played. Yeah. Last time I played was 17, 18. We lost Philly. Philly Super Bowl. That's a long time ago. And we still steal. I say the same thing you did lost Super Bowl. Do you ever watch Debo work out like his tapes like this? What's that mean? I work out too. Not like that. I don't, I don't need to work out like that. That ain't, that ain't my strength.


That ain't my forte. But I know I have a certain skillset that I So you gonna stay outside and just jab? Yeah. Killing nigga. But you know he coming. Who? He coming, coming Will, you know what can I have the ring size cut down So you can So you don't want him to be able to run? I don't want him to be able to do nothing. I ain't throwing no thought in. No. Everybody gonna be able to, all his people in the corner gonna be butt naked. Ain't gonna be no towels. So you sound, it sound like the whole crowd. Nobody believe in me and it's just how it was when I was growing up. Nobody believe in me. So just why about this? Can we take a poll? Who got on Joe?


Let you go nigga. What? Okay. Too bad. That ass ain't gonna be in the ring with you. Who, who got Deebo? Yeah. See, see what just happened was the, the the the women who like thugs and Like they dudes to come home when they want to. They the ones yelling. All the fellas like Deebo. They know you're gonna kill you dog. So you gotta a select crowd. I like that. I I like that. You got a, you got an audience. Don't worry about it. Just set the fight up man. Oh, it's gonna happen. Just set the fight up. You not a bet man. Can I bet on I'm not a bad man, but I bet on this one.


You bet. What? You heard me? What you said I'm not a betting man, but I will bet on this one I'm betting too. Who you, who you betting your money on? Who you think me? I'm betting on Dee on 30 seconds. Right. Well y'all, y'all over under the first round. Huh? Over under the first round? No, no, no. He gonna run. He gonna run. He in shape now. He gonna run. So he ain't gonna catch in that first round. It's gonna be that round three run. He said he wasn't running. Oh, he running. That's what he said. He said that's, that's the philosophy. He gonna run bebo. He's going run. He gonna run. He gonna run. I ain't never ran for nobody in life.


I ain't never ran for So you ain't never done this? Huh? You done this once or twice? I've been fighting for since 87. What are you talking about? No, I ain't talking about that type of fight. What's the difference? It's a big difference man. Y'all scared man. First of all, different weight. What you think? We scared? We ain't gotta fight. I ain't scared. I'm just saying man, nigga beat that nigga man. How biggie we goingt? They they tried to help you out? They trying to, they trying to talk some sense into I don't need no sense nigga dog. Hold, don't cut no deal. I'm gonna take all them chains off your neck when I knock your ass out too. You want Yeah. Yep. Get outta 85 matter. Matter of fact, that's the only thing I want. I can you all that other shit.


You Oh yeah, I got the bracelet. Hey, you take your game too and call Mecho shit. You want that? You want that cross bracelet? You want that cross bracelet? Oh, I want that cross bracelet for sure. You got. Oh well you know how to get it. A b blood let get it. I love it. No, I get it. Yeah, I'm and you got, you got the right one. I ain't none Other people be scared of. But when you knock out can I get the third bracelet? My momma told me don't mess with nobody that's scared of you. 'cause they pull a gun or a knife. I'm glad you ain't, I don't got no gun. Ain't want no, I want the, I want the third one. I want the third one. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, doc. Whoa, whoa. Hold up. Everybody thinking what they want. Yeah, I want a third. They want Yeah. Pick what you want.


What's that shoe you with? 11? I want them. Yeah. It's funny. Y'all, this one, it's funny. Y'all don't believe me, but it's all good. I believe in you. I'm gonna shock the world. You gonna shock the world. I'm gonna shock the world. I believe I'm gonna get that bracelet. I'm, I'm gonna shock the world. Hey that one I believe even ain't cutting no deal either. Huh? He ain't cutting no deal. Like it ain't gonna be no fake like either. I don't care nothing about that. He ain't get down like that. Oh. I don't care nothing about that. Is that a day date? What you talking about? Cut a deal? What's the deal? I'm saying you don't cut deals, you not going, you know, like they did the other thing that we just saw that everybody wanted to see with Paul Tyson. That's what saying you ain't cut no deal. No you ain't cut no deal. Oh no. Cut a deal for what? This would be the first time I'm actually sanction kill somebody and get away with it.


Dog check. Dog don't go in there dog. Hey you, you let that shit scare you. It scares me. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't gotta fight. I ain't gotta fight man. That nigga scared me. I'm built different as man. Go ahead and get a make sure you go make sure it real everything in real name. I'm, I'm built. Hey real. Make sure he put everything in your name baby. Hey, can I get some insurance on you? Yeah. Make flow. Keep it cute nigga. All right. Good. Keep it cute up. All right. We still right here. Ain't nothing hearing opportunity go there. You gotta say too. Hey. No, you take it off again. That's what I'm waiting on it off. Take take it off.


That's off. Why they do that? At Do what? Take off that chain of the fight. What ran your face. Listen, I thought it was about to go for the hoodie. I was waiting for the set. The fucking be. Man fuck you. Nah nigga. Fuck you. Hey dog. August, August, all right is happening. Can that be your manager? You asked for George. Ain't Chad off You mush Ojo. I'm sorry Ocho. You had to show me. Can I manage you? Huh? I cannot manage you. I want to be your manager. Nah, nah you don't. No, I nah, nah, fine. Nah, nah. Lemme tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna let somebody in the crowd, even manager and you get, you get some of the purse. Okay. Let me tell you what I'm gonna do because I'm mismanage because we going to blow this fight up.


We're gonna make a lot of money off this fight because we got some big draw drawers. Not draws but drawers. But I'm gonna make you a lot of money 'cause I'm gonna have every part of your body rented out the bottom of your shoes because they gonna be back, back. I, I'm going, they gonna see everything when he knocks you out. I'm gonna have, I'm gonna rent this part out. I'm gonna have everything on you. All right. Boost moment off your neck. I got you dog. Make all your jokes. No, I'm, I'm dead serious. Make all your jokes. I, when you fall, I don't wanna don't be trying to congratulate me boy. I know. I believed you. I knew you could do it. I don't wanna hear none of that shit from none of y'all. You ain't gonna hear it from me.


You ain't gonna hear it from me. I know. I'm gonna say, hey, you know what I'm gonna say. Sure. Your ass up to work tomorrow. I'ma, I'm gonna climb up under the ring so I can talk to you where you fall. Oh. You gonna be the conscious. I'm gonna get up. Stay down. Don't you get up your, get over. You got him. All right. Don't worry about it killing him. You killing him with your face. I just trying to figure out why not box in something that you do. Why would you wanna go MMA? No, 'cause I want, I want to make sure he's comfortable in something that he's good at. Oh, he thinks he's good at also what I'm gonna do, man, I ain't gonna even lie. I don't wanna like punish your face, break, break everything in your face, break, break your bones or nothing like that. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna choke you out and I'm gonna choke you out.


And I'm not gonna let go and the ref go have to choke me out. Hey, do and let you go. Do he mean this stuff man. Do you see this dude? Man? Ain't no way in the world. I'm get in no d That shit don don't scare nobody. It scares me. Weak man. And as your manager, he afraid for you. I don't, you know, they say the loudest one in the room is the weakest walking man coming all white. If your manager come in all white, you coming in all white because it ain't gonna be no towel. I'm gonna just flip in the radio. I'm tired. I I'm tired of talking. Just, just set up. Just get the date we gonna set up.


Hey New Orleans. Nah, we gotta go. We gotta go. Ain't nobody coming here with no fight. Y'all know that. Yeah. It's gotta be, it's gotta be Vegas. I love Vegas. I love it here. But y'all, but you know what time's gotta be Vegas or it's gotta be Jerry's world. Where Dallas, Jerry Worldl stadium big enough. Me and Jerry ain't speaking right now. I'm just joking. We just gotta finish talking. We just gotta finish talking at the war show. Excuse me? What'd you say? I, I don't know.


Oh, the Saints. I almost came to the saints back in the day. You that close. Okay. They took me fishing 'cause they was trying to impress me and I got sick out there on that ward. I was sick as a dog man. I was, I was so mad. I was sick as a dog. Although I didn't come. That's the year I went to San Francisco. Yeah. I was on a tour and I came through here. I love everything about this city. I went for a walk today in, I liked the long, like the real nice shotgun houses. Yeah, they're they're big. They're not small ones. But I, I like that. It was on, I don't know if it was St. Charles Street or something like that. They had a lot of those beautiful, beautiful homes. Man. I love 'em. How much are those homes, by the way?


How much? Tell me how much. Half a million. That's, that's, that's one episode for Shannon. Hey, well we'll be able to clear it in this fight. You'll be able to get one of 'em homes. That's fine. That's fine. I can't let you go in there though. Huh? I can not let you go in there. I can. I'm good. I can't see it. I can let him go in there as a friend. We go too far. As a matter of fact, I'm encouraging it. I'm not Devo don't play man. Look at Devo sitting over there right now. See what I'm saying? Die. That shit don't scare nobody. I'm encouraging it. Let's make this money. I care about it too much. And I love him.


I care too. I look, I promise grandpa told Grandma left. I was gonna look out for him. Coach. Hey coach, where you did? You care about him so much and you a man of God. I ain't gonna kill him. Thank you. I'm a choke him out though. But where he wake back up? I'm gonna let go. When they say, Hey, where you from? Fort Miles. Where that's at? Florida where I'm from. Miami. Where that's at? Florida. Fuck that nigga Be both. Hey, I ain't got nothing to do with what he just saying now. Hey, just cook. I like that. Keep that same energy. I'm gonna keep it. Yeah. Why that out?


Always kept it. See you gonna make me not let go. Okay. That shit don't scare nobody bro. I keep telling you that. Hold it. You gonna be going to tap and do all this shit? Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Only thing I'm gonna tap is your face. You like that now. I mean, make President Trump's side of the executive order for you. Let him go hold it. Because you know he ain't gonna do that. No. He is not in your weight division dog. Huh? He's, that's what I tried to tell him. Oh. Who you heard me say? He ain't care about weight man. Anybody say hunker here? Okay, say it one more time. He's not in your weight division. He put his pants on one leg at a time. Just like me. He bleed just like me. Yeah, but his pants are like 40 twos.


Nah, that's fine. That's fine. You don't, he don't put it. You put both of y'all. Y'all gonna learn. Y'all gonna learn both of your legs at the same time. Y'all gonna learn your legs. Look at that man leg. Look at your leg. Hey Doug. I wanna involve them a little bit. Can y'all ask some questions or so? Yes. Yeah. Let, let's let them ask questions. They, we ain't got the mic yet. They just yell. Hood style. Hold on. Where's Jordan? Jordan? Yell it. Just yell it. No, we got mics set up right here. And Jordan. No. Yeah, come up there and ask the question. They got mics right there. Here. Here's Jordan right here. Who got a question for the panel? Jordan got a mic right there. There you go.


Yeah, it's good. Oh yeah. Who's got the first one? There's right, right there, right there. Jordan, can you see? I can. What'd he say? I can see out there. Debo. You just need to see Chad. You don't need to see out there. I don't need to watch him. What'd he say? What'd he got A shot? Oh, he want a shot.


You want, he want a shot of me. I got a question for, oh, go ahead ma'am. Yeah. My name is Christopher Al Sandor and I got a question I wanted to know, how does it feel to be the most highest rated podcast in the world? I'm gonna tell y'all right now, it feels great. You what I'm saying? I've been doing this for so long to finally get the recognition that I came here to get and I've been searching for.


I mean, it feels unbelievable. You know, I wanna thank my Lord Savior to Jesus Christ person. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm sorry. Go ahead. It it feels great. It feels great to accomplish things with someone, you know, to have Chad by my side doing Nightcap Club Shehe with CJ as my producer Ash and her team does a great job with, with, with Nightcap. And to have my, my guy that comes on from time to time, even though he gives me a hard time. That's why I start calling you. 'cause all you wanna do is Jones. No, you know, you getting the truth when you call me. No, I want the truth. You know, you got the truth when you call me. I know I'm getting the, I don't want the truth sometimes, but you know what?


You respect it. That's what I like about I do. Because you listen and you respect it. But it's, it's, it's unbelievable the amount of support that you guys have given me through all the years and when people say it's an overnight success. Did you not see those 10 years that I spent on CBS? Did you not see those seven years that I spent on Fox? That's 17 years. Ain't no overnight success. Yeah, 17 years is over is overnight. Oh well. But I thank you guys from the bottom of my heart because without you, there is no me. Yeah, there is no ocho. You know what Shay You, you just had to find your format. Yes. We thought, I don't, I don't think y'all know this, but I was on CBS then when I left, he came on CBS.


But it wasn't a format conducive to his success. Because when you're doing television in the NFL, you only get 15 to 30 seconds to exhaust your thought. And he's a thinker. He needs to paint a picture So you can see it and you can hear it and you can understand it. And 1530 seconds ain't enough time for him. So when he got on another platform that he was able to develop his thought and you understand how smart and intelligent he is and how quick, quick witted he is, you got a chance to really meet the real Shannon Sharp and I'm, I'm glad y'all gave him an opportunity. So you need to applaud yourself. Absolutely. Hold on a second.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime credit. Build a card. This is a secure credit card. With no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay. And get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better Credit Home Loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network at m withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Before we go any further, Jake Fall and Canelo Alvarez are finalizing a contract of box in Las Vegas Sojo. The proposed bout is speculated to take place May 3rd, 2025 in Las Vegas potentially coincided with Cinco De May weekend, a traditional date for major boxing events. Promoters anticipate that the fight could generate revenue with estimating, suggesting the purse around $200 million driven by pay-per-view sales and ticket revenue. Ocho Are you surprised that Canelo would rather fight Jake Paul than Benavidez? I think Canelo's at a point in his career where he can pick and choose who he wants to fight. He's earned the right to be able to do that. Fighting Benavidez is dangerous.


Fighting Benavidez is dangerous. I think right now the Mexican monster would probably beat Canelo based on where Canelo is. As far as in his, his career is concerned and Benavidez is hungry. Yes, Benavidez is hungry and has an advantage in that fight. So I understand Canelo was riding off into the sunset, making as much money as as possible. You know, being able to make 20 million fighting Jake Paul as opposed to taking much less to fight. It ain't no risk with Jake Paul. Well I mean it's supposed to fight. It's, it's, it's it's it's a win in a sense. Especially financially. Yeah, I mean potentially a hundred million, $150 million. What happened to Bud? He was supposed to fight Bud. I know they, yeah, they canceled that.


They stopped that. He said, I mean, to be able to fight a guy that's really not a professional boxer. Yeah, he's he's better than say it's more, it's more of an exhibition though. Yeah, it ain't no exhibition with Canelo. I mean you, you know what I'm trying, I'm trying to say. Right. But I mean it's, it's, that's just like what what you trying to do? Who with Bullock, this ain't finna be no exhibition. This nigga finna get that work. He finna get that work. And I want y'all to keep, keep, keep doubting me. Keep talking trash. You keep putting your little fucking mean face on pussy. What? Yeah look that man say Apollo Cree was in an exhibition. Who? Apollo Cree.


Oh yeah. Yeah with Dre Go. That's a movie. Oh okay. This real life. Alright, real luck. Well look we are gonna have Deebo back on in two months to see where he's at in his training. We'll have you back training where you are in your training. Hey, get your weight Deebo. Don't stop training. Get your weight up. He, he messed the knee up. I never got, he ain't got nothing up about it. And that's gonna be your excuse when you get your ass whooped off. Never My knee. My knee good. My knee, my knee good. You good. He say me Good watch. I ain't kicking you your ass with it. Listen, I'm gonna kick you right in there too. Do it. I'm do it. Yeah, it's like can't steal. Okay, keep talking pussy. Oh. Weak ass leg. What? You don't waiting as much as my son man.


I'm too five right now. Keep talking about prac. I practice with my son for somebody like you. All right, well show me that in the octagon then. Oh. See all that push away pushing sled. That don't mean nothing when it come to these nigga. Yes. It don't, don't mean shit. Alright. You realize I'm gonna grip you. I'm gonna put these motherfucking hands on you all. You don't look like a bitch. Alright. You done in 30 seconds. Alright. Alright. Bet Chad show me Chad. Show me Chad. What he meant that I don't, I mean what I'm saying too. No, he meant that you see me smiling. I know you. Yeah I know him too. Alright. That James Asen ladies. This gentleman said woo, you go stronger than though Soft as why you looking back?


Why you looking back? Why you, why you looking back? Hey, he thought so. He thought something was coming that time. Hey are you just kidding? Watch my six now. Watch my six. What gotta do No, no. I ain't gonna, no we gonna get this, we gotta get this pay-per-view man. Yeah, just make sure we ain't gonna, we gonna let it steal on you. Okay? I don't let him. Come on dog. We gotta, yeah, go ahead. How you doing gentlemen? Hey, my question is for Shannon and Prime. I'm a big 49 ERs fan. I wanted to know a what Super Bowl was the most special, special to both of you gentlemen? Being that you won multiple. The first one. That first one.


The first one. Why you ain't ask me my bad dog? The first one. Yeah, I think the first one because there's nothing like the first because you can't replicate that the second time you won back to back. I won back to back won a third one in Baltimore. But there's nothing like that. First time, first y'all remember your first kiss, you remember your first everything. Ain't nothing you hold on on you got women sitting by they man and they weren't the first one. And you saying, okay wait, okay it is what it is. But I'm saying but you remember that. You can't say that they look straight. Y'all just look straight ahead fellas. But you, you remem you remember that first one? The adulation, the the, because that's what you know, that's what you really play for. I mean the money's gonna come and you make a lot of money if you play this game.


You know, if you play this game, you want the two Ms. You want money in memories and you want as many, as many you can in both categories. Yeah. Yeah. And so for me it was the first. That's good, good answer. Well I won, I won a Super Bowl in Madden 22. What was it like? Huh? What was it? Like the confetti falls on the screen. Congratulations. Thank you. Appreciate you bro. Shaq. Hey, what's up y'all? So first and foremost to the beautiful people in the room. Happy black History Month. Yes. All right. All right. And thank you for the Rose Sparks coupons. They will be put to good use.


Oh okay. Well you got some spawns. You got some on you? Yeah, I got the, got the little coupons that were on the chairs. Okay. But, so look good. I don't really have a question for you guys, but I am a local kid. I am actually a medical student down the street at Tulane University School of Medicine. Wow. Congrats. Alright. Alright. I will be graduating in May. I'll be the first physician in my family and I want to go into sports medicine and Coach Prime, the way you have taken this mantle as as a, a coach and making our young men more than just athletes, bringing them into this professional light.


You have truly inspired all all of us and just me. And I just wanted to say, I would love to be the team doctor for your whatever team you're on. And So you go shoot your shot, shoot your shot, man. Don't play all you want and everyone peer pressure and I'm not asking for a handout or anything 'cause I come, I come from a praying family and we speak things into e existence. So oh nine, I just wanna let you know Coach Prime, I look forward, I look forward to working with you one day. Amen. I like that. I like that. George Jordan, hold on.


And now we got coming to the stage. We're gonna hold on from q and a for a minute now. Coming to the stage, Louisiana's own New Orleans, old Master P. We got pee here. We got my dog here. We got my Did you, did you see when I, when I played about it, about it in the meeting rule, I had to educate the youngsters.


They didn't, they didn't know nothing about Body. Body. Come on man. Yeah, yeah. So we started up in the morning, like whenever I walk in we play some kind of music and I had to educate them about we've divided by it. We've added by it. Pete, lemme ask you this. Yes. You built this empire on music and you branched off to do other things. What was the mindset when you started this empire? Well, you know, I grew up in the projects, callo projects out here. And I ain't had nothing. I lived with my grandparents and she had 12 kids. Me and my brother made 14. I just wanted to make it out the ghetto. I wanted to get my grandmother a house one day.


And that just pushed me. It pushed me and it pushed me and I, I said whatever they could do, we could do it. And so ever since after then I just been building and grinding and hustling and went from selling no records to over a hundred million records independently. But you were one of the first to have a distribution deal that was in your favor. You also was one of the first to have entrepreneurship that wanted to do things outside of music. How did you develop that mindset though? I mean, I guess like anything else like this man, I guess when you, when you're hungry and you're poor, you told me funny.


'cause you always gotta have a why. Yes. My why was I ain't had nothing. I gotta make it up outta here. A lot of people was dying young. A lot of people didn't get opportunities that I was able to get. And I'm like, I'm gonna make the best out of it. And I'm, I'm, there's gonna be no limit to my success. And that's what I call my company. No Limit, you know, B and I had an experience together. I mean he's at the top of his game and you talking about an athlete, you know you talking about two sports. But this man was, was was multi, multi just understand with the talent. So he came to Dallas to play. They had the trial for the Mavericks. Yeah. And when I tell you he had it, he had it right.


So they called me over there to holler at Pete because Pete still had that hood in it. What I mean by that is he, you know, Pete went to practice and like Pete, Pete, you can't go to practice deep. You can't do that dog like Pete. Like man, I'm giving him buckets and I'm doing this, I doing that man, what's going on? I say, dog, tell me about what, what happened man, you know we was running wind sprint and I was winning them. I said you can't do that. Yeah. And I was doing it. You can't do that. You know the stars that they have here. You gotta let them make it. Yeah. Because this is their team. Do your thing. But you gotta let them make it you not the politics. Yeah. It's politics and everything. It's politics. Think about it. Right.


And that's what makes the trailblazers. Trailblazers. We gotta think outside the box. Yeah. I've always thought outside the box when I was telling, you know, de I was in Dallas. Right. It was tough because I know I was had with, I had it I think so I grew up with Steve Nash So you know me, I'm already on him like man Steve, like man, yeah you need to chill out. But you know, that's the way we was raised down here. It is like we just raised tough, like a lot of kids today don't have to go through what we had to go through. And at that time New Orleans was the murder capital of the world. And That's right.


It was like a privilege to be able to go outside and play basketball. And so I always was just tough when I played and then I was like one of the fastest ones on the team. I'm, I'm number one in all the drills I'm thinking I'm in. Right. But like Deon said, that don't matter. I mean I, we gotta get this man a round applause to what you did in college football. My brother, hey this is what I want to tell y'all. Right. This man actually changed the whole game of college football because they never wanted to see us do what you was able to do bro. And and it's incredible because now when I walked into this man locker room, I was like man, hold up.


I went, they got a barber, they got all this stuff. I'm like man, this is crazy. It the hood, this man done really changed the culture right here. This was the hood for real. This was love. But is like, you see everybody having fun and I think the difference is a lot of players want to play for you 'cause they want that type of atmosphere. Yes sir. And I appreciate you for coming to support it. Yeah man. You thought I gotta support you. Yeah. We like people like our sidelines in in in Boulder. You've been there sha it it looks like the BET awards. Yeah. Hey everybody up on the sideline? Yeah. Hey Pete, listen, you've launched everything bro, from music to food products, even the basketball league. And you've been able to build generational wealth and what advice do you have to the young artists and young entrepreneurs looking to do some of the same things you've done, especially those right here from your hometown?


Well, well first y'all put your trust and faith in God. That's the most important thing. And don't be afraid to put the work in. 'cause they say work without faith is dead. And so a lot of people think, oh I'm gonna just pray and God go, no, you got to really put the work in. You gotta grind, you gotta go to work. And then God gonna give you all those blessings if you do right. And you have integrity. Because one thing that I learned in this, in this world, this game of life, you know you have to have integrity because that's doing the right thing when nobody's looking. So most of us only wanna do the right thing when somebody's looking. So when you do the right thing and nobody's looking, you gonna be all right. Lemme ask you this, had you made the NBA, would you have still been as hungry to do other things outside of sports?


Yes, because everything I do, I do it 'cause I love it. I don't do it for money. So you got to have a passion and a purpose. And so everything that I do, I've never done nothing for money. I'll tell you right here in New Orleans, right? Y'all know me as the ice cream man, but I started out as the popcorn boy selling popcorn at the Superdome. And when I met Tom Benson, I said, bro, I'm gonna be rich. And he said, yeah, you gonna be rich. You gotta take care of your business and do what you gotta do. I said, yes sir. And who would ever thought a 15-year-old kid that didn't have nothing that I was going to be able to be doing what I'm doing now and to be able to have a sustainability is nothing but God. Amen. All the things that you've accomplished, I mean music and snacks and real estate and this, what endeavor haven't you tackled yet that you, that piece like you know what that's next.


I mean building family brands. 'cause when you look at all these big companies, these are family last names. So I started Miller Family Foods because I want to be able to bridge that wealth gap and be able to pass that generational wealth down from generation to generation. So being able to build a family name and brand, it's so important. Look at Kellogg's, look at all these different companies. These are these people last names and so I don't think they'll imagine that we could do something like that. Right. Go ahead time. I'm just thankful man that I've been knowing this brother for I don't know how many years. And you've been consistent my dear brother.


Yeah. I mean you've been consistently who you are, how you get down on stage, off stage and you've always tried to help another brother. I've never seen you in the bull junk trying to put nobody down or trying to clown nobody. You've always tried to bring us up. Not only us, your family, your your kids, your loved ones. Everybody. Yeah. And I applaud you for that because I know you done had to walk away from some junk you really didn't want to walk away from Oh yeah. But you did. You took the high road and I appreciate you for that man. Yes, thank you my brother. Yeah. I mean it's, it's tough when you, when you grow up in property, you come from the streets and, and you, you out there to change your life, you could get tricked outta your position. I know a lot of these football players and, and you know, entertainers, we get tricked outta our position because we really come from the hood and we, we really could fight too.


So it's like sometimes you be like, man you serious. Like why is you playing? Right? But that's where, you know, you gotta take a couple, you gotta take a couple deep breaths 'cause you really know what you're dealing with. But this world now, with the social media and the internet, they're gonna try you no matter what. Like think about it now you seeing people catching cases for somebody just saying something about it. So that's why I'm saying it's a, it is really a spiritual warfare. And so my thing is that's why we gotta keep praying 'cause you can't stop somebody from saying something about you now and you know it to be straight false. But now you gotta either answer it or you gotta not say nothing.


And then somebody gonna say, well you must be guilty 'cause he ain't say nothing. Yes. And then if you say something, man you got too much money, why you talking about that? Yeah. Hit don't go holler. Yeah. So it's like Yeah. But it's the truth though, right? Y'all Yes it absolutely the truth. I'm gonna tell y'all something. I'm gonna tell y'all something. That's, that's incredible. Right Dion, you changing the way we think about coaches, people want to play for you because a lot of these coaches thinking tradition, they don't really understand us. I'm talking about black men that's in these locker rooms that comes from broken homes come from all these different, it's a different way you got, you know, you have to treat everybody different.


You right. I don't care if you got a hundred people on your team. Team, you know how to go walking. Some people you could scream at. Some people you gotta talk nice to. That's right. Some people you gotta give a hug to. My coaches always say you treat 'em all fair but you don't treat 'em all the same. Nah, you can't. It it is just like your, your family. You got kids, you can't, you can't treat 'em all the same. 'cause you gotta, you want to give 'em that love but in's certain ways. You gotta give all of 'em that love for them to actually get it. Pete, lemme ask you this. Hold on, hold on. Go ahead. It's my turn man. Go ahead. I wanna talk about music. Yeah. I wanna talk about the music industry right now. Yeah. As opposed to the way it was the music industry during the no limit heyday, right? Yeah.


I wanna know your current take on the state of music industry today. Yeah. As opposed to how it was then. Yeah. What you think is difference. I think, I think to be honest with you right. What I love about now is so many young people making money. Yeah. But for us, we never was angry. 'cause if you got a lot of money you shouldn't be angry. I never was upset if I got money. Right. Like why so many beefs and all this stuff? It is like, 'cause you got all this money bro. We trying to make it out the project not go backwards to the project. Right. It's a big difference. I think this industry now is they trying to prove how tough they is.


We never had to do that. 'cause our goal was to make it out. Right. And I just think that this generation is dying young. We wanted to live and get older. Ain't nothing wrong with getting older. That mean you did something right in life. Yes. And so I think, I think that I tell people all the time, right, it's what you invest in your time in. So I feel like this generation is investing, they time into the wrong things. Everybody have 24 hours is what you do with your 24 hours. So if you're going to invest 5, 10, 15 years into going to prison, why not invest four years going to college or building a business?


There's a lot made about the Super Bowl halftime show you are from New Orleans. I'm sure you'd have loved to perform on that. How do you feel that the NFL should choose, should select the halftime show? Man, everybody up here know. Let's be real. The NFL gonna do what they want to do For sure. So we need to go on our own things and create our own stuff. If that's what we going to think of. We gonna have to listen to what they say. So I I really don't get involved in it. I mean we know Lil Wayne is probably one of the best audience in the world and he deserved that. Yes. But we also know that Kendrick Lamar then did all this stuff and that's what they want.


But what could we do about it? But accepting we gotta salute the brother because it ain't him that's making the decisions. Right. It's them. And so I I'm not going to not say that Kendrick deserve it. Yeah. He deserve it. But this culture down here is so different. If the NFL really knew that before they made the decisions, they wouldn't be getting the flack that they get. This is the problem I have with that. Pete, you, you, you 100% correct. But when we do what you just said, we should do it. Have our own thing. We don't support it. Yes. Nope. Yes. We we we don't support it. Well see, think about it. Think that's what they do though. D they support them but we don't support. We don't support us. We just talk about it. And this black history month, we don't, what are we doing? We don't, we don't do that.


Lemme tell you why. The last several concerts I've been to, I've been to Wayne concert. Yeah. I think it was Snoop and I forgot who was the third. 90% of the folks in the audience was not y'all. The last time I looked in Colorado at the football game, 95% of people in the stands are not y'all. Yeah. Every time I look around it ain't y'all. But whenever something go down, y'all got something to say. Yeah. So you gonna get mad all you want. I'm just telling you straight up, I got your back.


I love you and I'm down with you and I'm gonna fight for you to the end. But if we want to get outta what we want to get out, we gotta support one another. Yeah. And know what we gotta be able to communicate and love and be able to tell the truth. Because I'm gonna tell y'all this, the problem is right here. Right. If we gonna bridge the wealth gap, right. We only make product for black people. Other cultures make products for everybody and they build business and brands for everybody. So I'm a type of person, right. I'm not prejudice, I just love being around good people. Whether they white, black, asian, Latino. That's right. And it don't matter to me. I love good people. Now the thing about it is it's the bad people that's making the noise. And, and every time something happens, think about it.


It's, you say when you look at billionaires in the world, we could count the black billionaires on one hand. So how are we gonna control anything? And when you look at CEOs of these Fortune 500 companies, we make a 10th to 1%. And so we don't want to see us get to that level. So then we can't even take care of the community because we, we don't have enough of us running these big corporations. So when you look at Amazon, you look at Walmart, you look at Target, you look at all these big Fortune 500 companies at the top, you don't see us at the bottom at the entry levels. You see us. And so we have to change that. And I think that's what this about. It's, it's tough for us. 'cause think about it, right?


Even the, the top players in the NFL even look at the, the thing that they did in the basketball in the NBA this week. You took Luca and you took Andy Davis, they didn't even know that they was being traded. Think about it. No matter how much money they making, they could make 200, 300, 400, 5, $500,000. But the person who own these teams, they switching them around like chess players. And we can't do nothing about it because we don't own nothing. It's nobody look like us at the top of that level to say, Hey, this is what we need to do. And so we have to change that mindset. It's just a mindset. Y'all like coach, say we living like crabs in the barrel.


We trying to stop each other from getting to the top. Because as soon as some one of us sneak out, we trying to outdo each other then to say, how can I help everybody else get out? And so that's what my life has been about creating future millionaires. I feel like I don't want to be at the top by myself. Amen. And Shannon now, you know, we'll have some deep discussions and we have some real ones. Right. And when you go into your bull junk and people coming at you, who are those people look like me. But the the reason it bothers you is what? Because you do so much for us. Yeah. And being we attack you. That's why it bothers you.


And I'm sitting up there saying, dog, look at man, forget that. Keep on doing what you do. Keep on going. I dare being a blessing and keep start. I mean it's nothing that's gonna stop you but you. Right. But you gotta keep on doing your thing. Well, lemme tell y'all so it hurts us. Well we kicking butt for y'all. Yeah. And y'all don't support us or you coming at us. That bothers us. That really does bother us. And we want y'all, it ain't nobody sitting up here that don't want you to come up. It's nobody sitting up here that got a jealous spirit. Yeah. In in they body. It's nobody in here that don't want you to just rise up to the top of nobody. We all, that's why we so darn blessed.


Because you want, we want y'all to come up. Well be honest with you, coach. That mean y'all slowing the process up. 'cause we can't change the past, but we can change the future. And, and if we, we have that mindset to help and love each other, we going be all right. Yeah. And so for me, I'm gonna tell y'all straight up, I'm from, I'm from New Orleans. It fuel me when they get mad at me or don't say they don't like something or, or say I can't do something, I'm getting out there and go get it. To be honest, that makes me go even harder. Right. You know what I'm saying? I just think that I put my trust in faith and God, I don't put it in man. I don't even care about what somebody say. And I'm, I'm gonna keep grinding, keep hustling, keep going. Every time they try to stop me, say, Hey Pete, you can't go this way.


Okay. I'm going through the window. I might climb through the chimney, but no, to me is just like, maybe I ain't taking notes. Right. To be honest, with I, I done been through it all. So I feel like God spared my life and I'm here for a reason. I want to help the next generation. That's what my life is about, helping the next generation. Thank you. Let's give it up for Ma New Orleans own master P. Love you. Yeah, Sure. Appreciate you. Appreciate Shannon.


Got on some Louis Vuitton. Tim, I seen you wanted to do Shake. I ain't know there was Louis Vuitton you had on. Huh? Had some Louiston. I'm stepping on him. I see you. I'm stepping on. I see you. You know,


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory of how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the post-season run. It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore Nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Coming to the stage next former NFL head coach. Matt. Patricia, man. Hey. Damn, coach, Coach. God Coach. Drawing up like what Polyester I see you. No baby, don't you act. Hey Cole. Thank. Thank you. Alright, how we doing? Doing good, coach. It's good to see you. You looking good man? Thank Trying it Great. Trying. I had to, I had to get it all that off you look. Thank you. You darn good. Go ahead. You can take it off time. Go ahead. You wanna start it off? You want me?


Well, you look good. You, it is obvious. Let's talk about the obvious. Yeah, go. I mean what, what, what's really going on? Yeah, just interesting year, you know, kind of Coach Belichick and I do a little coaching on YouTube, which was fun, right? Wrote, wrote a TV show that, you know, that we got to get out and kind of do some fundamentals. All that stuff that we like to talk about. So, you know, it was a lot of fun. I got to see Chad every week, which is great. Good guy. Get his McDonald's every single day. Make sure we get you fed right. Ab absolutely. Coach you. What's, what's next as far as coaching his concern? Is there anything that you'd like to do? Is there anything on the table from a coaching perspective?


Yeah, you know, right now I'm kind of just, I'm, I'm trying to be dad. You know, I got three kids and I spent last year in Philly and that was great. My, my family was now with me and my oldest son. He went from like here to here between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And I was like, I kinda, I need to be home. So, you know, I'm doing this, which is great. You know, get to hang out and talk football, which I love to do. And get to see a lot of people that I haven't seen in a long time. Yeah. So it was a lot of fun coaches at heart. One question before you go MVP tonight. Yeah. They gave it the Josh Allen. Yeah. With the numbers and the stats that Lamar Jackson put up this season. Yeah. Your thoughts. You know, I'm gonna go the other direction.


I'm going Saquon Barkley, the MVP, Saquon Barkley. I mean this guy was doing Stu I saw, I sat with my son and he ran, you know, defensive guys. Right. So we appreciate that. That's right. So he ran and I saw him do a reverse leapfrog over another human, like a professional athlete. Yeah. And I, I looked at my son and I said, you will never see that again. That is the most amazing thing I've ever seen. Yeah. And I think his, yeah, I mean he has been unbelievable. Right? And I think everything that he's brought and you guys can appreciate. You guys are great. You guys are, I mean obviously like I'm humbled to be even sitting with, you guys are unbelievably great players and you all did this on your teams and we know what great players look like, right?


Those are the guys that elevate everyone around them. You know, they're the guys that take good players and make 'em great players. The guys that are average players and make 'em good players and bring that team together. And I think he's done that in Philly. I think his humility and his excitement is general joy that he has to watch his team succeed. I man, I love it. I love that coach. How do you build trust with a player? Because they say, you know, this is a player's league. Yes. And players seemingly are getting younger and younger and now it's different. I mean, you can't coach players like we could in time. We talk about this all the time. You can't coach players like we got coached when Yeah. We was in the league and when we were growing up. So, but how do you build that trust with players? Yeah, you know, I kind of look at like, I'm on like my fourth generation of NFL player.


You know, my old heads when I coached linebackers was like Teddy Bruski, Mike Vrabel, junior, say Willie McGinness, Roosevelt Colvin, Larry Izzo, Chad Brown, my room. I'd walk in my room. I wasn't sure if we were gonna coach or fight. Like I didn't know 'cause it was like Alpha Dog Central. But I think the biggest thing that everybody wants, they just, they want to know that you're gonna help 'em get better. They wanna know that you're trying to do everything you can to elevate their play and, and do everything you can to, you know, grow them as young men. And I think that's what we gotta do. And you know, look, you gotta make sure you go in and tell 'em how much you appreciate 'em, how much you respect what they do. You know, you guys are different. Like, I didn't, I can't play, So, you know, I can coach, but I'm not in between those white lines, you know?


So I need to do everything I can do. And this is what kept me up late to make sure that you can go out and perform your best. And that's why I didn't sleep every week. 'cause I was like, there's no way I'm gonna let you know. You go in between those white lines and do everything that you do at an unbelievable level and risk everything that you risk and make sure that I didn't give you every tool possible I could to make you be successful. 'cause I just wanna see the joy in your face when you get that done. Right. Sunday we gotta big game Super Bowl 59. Yes. You've been around the game of football for a very long time. Yes. Offensive side of the ball. Defensive side of the ball. If I'm a bettman, who I put my money on. Yeah. I I am, I am Eagles all the way. Okay. I, I'll say this.


So there's two teams right now and the NFL Super Bowl history that have had the number one defense and the NFL's leading rusher. Philadelphia's won right now. The other one was the 92 Cowboys and they won. So, you know, look, defense wins championships. I'm on the couch with the defensive guy, so I'm okay. That's right. You know, I think this is where the, the defense comes through and, and look, Kansas City, Andy Reed, Patrick Mahomes, like those are, you know, those are guys keeping me up late at night. But I like where Philly's at right now. I like their physicality, the toughness. I think it's gonna be a great game. It's gonna be a good one. It's gonna be a good, you think coach, we just presented the NFL Coach of the Year together. How do you think Coach Belichick is gonna do at the college level?


Well, I'll tell you what, I know North Carolina's excited and I know those kids are excited. I think those kids are gonna be coached in a way that, you know, look, he's gonna teach, he's gonna take the extreme complex and he's gonna boil it all the way down into something really simple that they can understand. And he is gonna prepare those guys for the next level. You know? And I think that'll be a tremendous amazing opportunity for those guys to learn from him. I just told him, when we were just chit chatting, I said, coach, I saw that you went on the road and you went to home visits. I said, no, I don't do home visits. But he said, he said, I've been on the road for a minute. Yeah. So he, I just, it's just hard for me to think about Coach Belichick doing home visits Yeah. With kids in high school.


That is crazy. I mean, imagine you're, you know, you're that you're in that home and here comes, here, comes Coach de Right. Walking through the door. So, you know, that's gotta be a great experience for all of them. Coach, thanks for joining us. Yeah. Coach. Matt. Patricia, thanks so much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Appreciate thanks. Hey, great. This for, great to see you. Ah, you go. That's pro Eddie p Y'all good? Hey guys. Coming to the stage next colleague. Good friend of mine. Stephen A Smith. I'm swinging on him. Where's Stephen? A I need a job. I'm swinging on him.


You, you can work with me. Huh? I got a job for you. What you want me to do? Receiver. You wanna be the receiver coach assistant? Wait, I can come coach at Colorado. Yeah. What's the pay? What's the job? What you need me to do a lot? If the money right, I'll be there. Can you teach what you did? Ooh, that's a good one. That's a good, I don't know if they got feet like this, but I can teach. What's Stephen A You asked a question. You asked you talking about you want a job? He asked you a question. Can you teach what you did? He asked me can I teach what I did? Have you seen somebody be able to do what I did back then yet?


I seen some people with good feet not quite like yours. Well, would they? You were special. I'm gonna give it to you. You were special there. Go your answer. Well maybe people would have feet like you weren't trying to teach it. Now the question is, can you teach? I could teach. I could teach. I just wanna know the pay. I could be in Colorado tomorrow. I could do Nightcap from Boulder. You know what we, we both could do Nightcap from Boulder. Let's go. Yeah, I like that. I like that. I like how y'all, I like that. We good? Huh? Oh, we good?


Are we good? Good. Yeah. Y'all good? Y'all good? And now hold on, hold on, hold on. Coming to the stage, Stephen. A spear. I like he a stripper or something. The way y'all come, you see the walk. You see the walk? That's that money walk. What they do baby. Y'all hire good to see you. Yeah. Y'all hiring. Say what? I wanna be on for a shake. We got the people, got the people here in front of you. So I wanna get this off. Oh, you been working out too? My dog Working What? What day?


I wanna make sure y'all hear this. What day can I join? First take What day you join First Take what day? The day I tell you? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. We getting somewhere? That's enough news. You want, is there anything you wanna share? No, not yet. Sure. I'm good. Life is good. Yeah, life is good. I can't complain. It's good to see y'all. Thank y'all for coming out with my boys. It don't get no better than what they doing and we know what the hell he been doing. So it's all good. I'm in the, I'm in good company tonight. We've been, we've been talking about this and we've been going back and forth, right? Josh Allen won the MVP. Yep.


Lamar Jackson was first team all pro quarterback. Yep. Which is, I'm surprised, I'm shocked that it happened. What are your thoughts? I'm kind of glad Lamar didn't win it for real. What, where got, let me explain. It's the set up. That's the setup. You got two league MVPs. Every other individual in NFL history who's had two league MVPs have won a Super Bowl championship. Lamar, if you'll be quiet and let me explain, I will make sure you understand my explanation. What I'm saying is if he had won three then the heat on him next year would've intensified even more and we'd highlight his failures more instead of appreciating his greatness more.


Josh Allen went in the MVP. Well congratulations. Now what you going to do? Because we going to talk about you the same way we talked about Lamar Jackson. Now 'cause now you are MVP, where's your chip? And if we not gonna talk about him not having a chip, we can't do that to Lamar Jackson either. That's why I, I like it, but I don't love it. I understand it. I, I like it, but I don't love it. I understand your philosophy. I understand how you flip that. Brilliant. That's what I expect from you. But nevertheless, we can't look down the street and condemn a man about what may happen tomorrow and not applaud what he's done today because that man deserves his flowers right now, regardless of what may happen tomorrow and how we think about him, he was the most valuable quarterback in the NFL to his team, to our league, to his offense.


Am I right or wrong, Mr. Stephen A Smith, I'll give that to you. But allow me to retort. We walked into this season and we looked at Baltimore and the acquisition of Derrick Henry and we said they're monsters, they gonna win the A FC. We saw Josh Allen, he lost Stefan digs. He lost Gabe Davis. He had a rookie wide out in Keon Coleman. He didn't get Amari Cooper until the middle of the season and he was balling out up until the last week of the season or so.


Shannon and I, along with everybody else, was debating who was the MVP. We were leaning towards Lamar Jackson. But it wasn't like we had some Mely dismissed Josh Allen because he had played on an elite level and he didn't have as much to work with. So you are absolutely right with what you're saying. If we're able to look at Lamar Jackson and say there ain't no need to discuss nobody else 'cause nobody else was even close. But we know that wasn't the case with Josh Allen because of the personnel that he was working with. The absence of expectations, how he had exceeded expectations. And because of that is why I feel the way that I feel looking at this game.


Kansas City going for an unprecedented three p. You got the Philadelphia Eagles that were here just two, just three years ago. This is the second time they're here in three years. We know what's at stake. We got Saquon who had an unbelievable season, offensive, offensive player of the year. You got Jalen Hurst who played unbelievable, had the one turnover and they end up losing that ball game. If you had to bet your money, who do you like in this game on Sunday? Well, you don't bet against Patrick Mahomes. You don't bet against Patrick Mahomes. However, if you wanna roll the dice and take chances because there's more money out there to get, if you take a risk, you look at Philly.


Philly collectively is the better team. They are. You look at our, and then we talk about Saquon Barkley 2005 yards rushing. He's been electrifying, but we didn't mention this enough. Do y'all know they're offensive line averages? Six feet, six, 300 and like 28 pounds. Some big boys up there. I mean these brothers plug holes as wide as Broadway on a Sunday morning. If you can do that against Kansas City's defense, Philadelphia Eagles gonna win the championship. But I think you got to do that because Patrick McCall's on the other side, you gonna have to do that in order to win this game.


Oh, he ain't really answer the question. Now, if you were a bed man, who are you putting your money on? I would bet on Philly. I would take a chance to bet on Philly. Okay. But I recognize that I'm taking a change. But I would still bet on Philly, right? You, you said Patrick Mahome several times. I like that. Since I got into this coaching ram, I look at coaches a lot differently. I have a lot more respect for the the coaches than what they're doing. Andy Reed is unflappable. Andy Reed has never been just flat out, out coached in a one-on-one battle for it all. Andy Reed will have his team ready and prepared and he will have a few wrinkles up in sleeves for situational football like we hadn't seen before.


So I know we talk about Patrick Mahomes, but Andy Reed plays a major role in this whole situation. And if it was coach, coach is going toe to toe. Ain't no, ain't no contest. There you go. Ain't no contest strength. There you go. I mean I re I respect Sirianni but he ain't on Andy Reed. There you go. Over the last year we've seen you kinda get into politics. Yeah, we see you at 2%, two and a half, 3%. People are talking about Stephen A Smith. He's resonating. What made you decide to say, you know what? I wanna branch out into politics. I wanna talk politics. I've been this way all my life.


I was neutralized to some degree by my employers. First of Philadelphia Enquirer, then CNN, then Fox Ports, then ESPN. They wanted us, you know, the industry itself. And I've talked to you about this personally, Shannon. I told you the beauty of athletes, the greatness of this brother, the greatness of all three of y'all. All what the thing that you know, but you can't fully appreciate because you've never been constricted to that level, is that y'all have a level of freedom and independence that less talented individuals like myself that had to go through the maze of corporate America has to experience.


And so it comes with restrictions. You're an employee, not an independent contractor. There's a healthcare plan that comes with it. That's the benefit. The hazard is that it has restrictions everywhere. You can't do this, you can't do that. You represent the brand, not just yourself. We want you pigeonhole here, we want you marginalized here, et cetera, et cetera. But what they didn't know about me is that all my life, I mean, as much as I love sports, watching presidential debates was like a Super Bowl. To me. Watching a gubernatorial debate was like a Super Bowl to me. I love the volleying back and forth. I love, I love having at least a spec of knowledge about the issues that affect us.


You know, to me, I don't even consider it politics. I consider it social commentary. It ain't politics when I'm talking about the economy, healthcare, immigration, education, crime in the streets, et cetera. Yo, that's real life issues that I deal, I'm from Hols, Queens, New York City. I'm from the streets of New York. That's real life issues to me. And so when I see a bunch of people who don't look like me, who don't share my cultural identity, who don't have my experience, who don't walk the streets and haven't walked the streets the way that I have my attitude is you might know the issues, but you don't know the true impact that it has on everyday people. And I'm one of those people, I don't give a damn what kind of success I have.


I still roll back to Hollis, right? I still pull up at a white castles. I still are going in the park in New York City. I still, I I, I am who I am. And so when the opportunity finally presented itself and I was able to branch out, it was courtesy. And this is where all of y'all play a role. Prime was an independent dude, always preached about independence. You came with Club Shehe and then after that Nightcap and when y'all came about and y'all were doing y'all thing along with others like the Pivot and others, I said, hold on, you've been holding me back, holding me back, holding me back. But these other fellas got their own platform.


Well, I got my own now I own and operated 100%. What's the problem? And they were like, we can't say anything. And so when I went there and did it, they were like, wait a minute, now you're doing sports. That's us. So we can't stop you from doing that, but we'd be damned if you going to just have a sports show, right? Then. This should be for us. I said, I don't want a sports show. And when I told them pop culture and entertainment and politics, they're like, go ahead. Because nobody thought that I would resonate. 'cause they, they didn't know. And so finally they said, oh damn, he had the situation room. He on Hannity, he on M-S-N-B-C with Rachel Maddow or somebody else.


He's on Politico, he's on News Nation. What the hell is going on? And all I said in response was, here I come. Right? I told you I was coming. And the goal is to resonate and to make a difference and affect our community and all communities in as much of a positive way as possible. And that's what I'm doing right now. So they saw it, they put me on Bill Maher and HBO real time with Bill Maher. They wanted me on. They put me on the View and they said, oh shit, this brother's real. He, he, it's, it's something special going on here. And then everybody started calling and I'm like, this ain't new. This has always been me.


If you, if you think about the conversations we've had off the air, think about the things we talk about. Think about the things I've shared with all three of y'all at one point in time or another. And all of y'all have espoused words of wisdom on me and I'm always appreciative of that.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it sleek ad-free user interface, enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory of how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. It's Josh Allen. Gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


But I'm an independent thinking. I got my own mind and I, I I use other people to edify me, to educate me. But when I know the issues, I ain't scared of a damn thing. If I know my facts, I'm going roar. And that's what I'm doing. Amen. Proud of you boss.


Alright, well since you are out here, you might as well participate in the next segment. It's called Sex or Next. It is brought to you by Rose Sparks. Oh Lord Rose Sparks the game changer in the bedroom. It's a fast pack, Lord hug, getting hard at 15 minutes and lasting up to 36 hours. Oh Lord. 36. So when the mood hits, you'll be ready. And just for the attendees, RO has a special Valentine's gift on your seat. There's an envelope with a $30 off your first order, which you can get by scanning the QR code on the card screen around the venue. Ro wants to help couple have great sex. Sometimes that meaning Ro sparks, I need this for the night. But other times it means asking your partner the right questions with exactly what we'll be doing in a little game. If you have a question you would like to play, please make your way to the floor to wait in line to ask your question. Ladies and gentlemen, from the upper deck, you could also come down. Do not be shy. Don't start that shit. We are in New Orleans. Y'all have, y'all had a bunch of questions earlier Now break your ass down to the mic now. 36. 36 hours. 36 Hours. Shannon? 36. 36. $36 what? 36. Oh my God. 36. Hold on, hold on, hold on just a second. Hold on, hold on. Oh, I got another one in there. I got another one. Stephen A. Oh Lord.


Alright, come on man. What you got? All right. First off, I'm gonna say shout out to y'all. One of the nightcaps, he was talking about these grippy socks. Yeah. So I got, I got, I got you a pair. I got you a pair. What your boy get there? Pair What? Your boy get these Grippy. Hey. Hey. Tear it off. So one thing I, I gotta ask you. Huh? I gotta ask you want Go ahead. Ask ask me myself. I'm a proponent of, you know, using little bullets, you know, nothing crazy. Just, just, just a little, little, little something there, you know.


Put it on a cl knock that out. I'm gone. I'm gone. Come on coach. Don't mind me. How do you like to spark it up in a bedroom? I, you know, without the live. Without the live. How do you like to spark it up in a bedroom?


It out. Oh, Look what your boy got. What? That's the got crib. That's the gribbles. What, what, what, what he talking about? They acting shy? No, he asked me what do I like to do to set it up in the bedroom? Oh, you ain't see his ig. Tell him what you like to do. What I like to do? Yeah. That probably be a question that you probably should ask her. You got look, I look all that good.


See y'all. These new age women. Y'all done gone too far from me. Not really. Yeah, they have. Really? Yeah. You gotta evolve. I, I've been telling them How old are you sir? Nah, he, he done sat down, bro. I ain't no dinosaur. I don't need this ball. You got involved man. Man, you, you got too many rules. I'm gonna keep 'em too. Hi guys. I'm Auntie Hamme. Okay. And I am a coochie college professor. Okay. And I would Wait, Wait, wait, wait. You, you a what? A Cooch. A coochie College professor. Okay, tell Me more. And I have a lesson right now and it's all about, we're learning about how our coochies relate to owls and our coochies hoop, like hoot hoot hoop.


And I would like to know if you guys would like coochie that comes out in the daytime or coochie that comes out at night. As long as they come out. I'm good. Day, night, midday, early afternoon. Is there, is California, is there a difference in coochie that comes out in the day as opposed to coochie that comes out at night? Yes. Coochie that comes out in the daytime is more calm than the coochie that comes out at night. The coochie that comes out at night. It Gets wild Like that. There we go.


What I, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey, we didn't, hold on, hold on, hold on. Can we get a woman to, to confirm or deny this? Because I'm not, come on, hold on, hold on. Come on. Come here. Come on, come on. Where's that? Was that, was that sex next? No. No. Oh. Then we going what you want? You call it? I mean, that wasn't next. I ain't understand none of that. You, you understand? No. Hold. Look, we gonna get confirmation. She about to give us confirmation. Oh, she been drinking? She about to tell and she got on black. Yes, that brown. Oh, you want that brown on? That brown? And she got all black. She about to bring it, don't you?


So I can confirm Auntie Hammy in the daytime. You know we moving about our day, so I'm just going to bend it over into the one two real fast. Okay? But mama, I lay your ass down on that bed. Everything is wet. Everything is wet. Oh, Sack sack. Everything. Yeah, you keep, yeah, you are. You married your boyfriend here? They're My husband. He won't care. Okay, so he confirm. You confirmed this? Oh yeah. Oh, okay. He confirm. Okay. Oh, you got sex then. Thank you very much. I gotta write that down.


Hello? Yes sir. Hey, what's going on man? Thank you guys for showing up here, being independent. And I want to echo what Prime was saying earlier. Like part of what we gotta do is support you guys like how Prime said accept support you guys. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Gimme a time. Gimme a time. Gimme time man. Gimme a time. Well bro, hold on, hold on a second. Not to cut you off. I think you, I think you missed the, the, this is like sexual next. It's got we. Yeah, we, we like, we asking like grown up type question.


Oh, I'm married. I'm done with that. Okay. Yeah, go here bro. What's going on y'all? How you do appreciate everything that y'all put out on the podcast. I watch y'all all the time. Especially Club Shehe. Love what y'all do. Especially Marlon Wan. Love that episode. Thank you. My question actually was for Prime, but he left. He'll be back. He'll be back. He got, he come back. But I do want to confirm this. If you work out, you don't need those pills. What? What if you work out? You don't need those pills. You feel like I don't work out. You do work out. But I'm just confirming if you work out, you don't need those pills.


I I have a question for you. How do you know? Just because you work out, you don't need those pills. 'cause she told you that annual physical check, your testosterone level, how that ain't got nothing to do with. Plus it does hide of Eagle head. Yes it does. But I guarantee you act, act nothing. I'm gonna go and keep that to myself. I don't know. No, don't tell her. Don't worry about it. I don't know. But you don't know what you're missing out on, bro. I'm telling you. She don't know what she missing out on. I don't know. We appreciate you saying next big.


Hey, I've been working out, I've been working out 57 years. Me saw the mask. This me. Oh, you ocho Stephen. A I wanted to ask you this girl recently, she put me in the friend zone. We had, we are having a great dates, a lot of stuff. She put me in the friend zone after a couple dates. I wanna know how can I get back in there. You not? No, I'm not. I ain't gonna lie to you. She, but she start, she she was, she pursued me though. Yeah. Yeah. And she and she told you that you weren't her tight when she put you in that zone. Wait man. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You leaving out some key parts? Yes. She pursues you. She pursued me. Wait, let me finish. Y'all had sex already?


Yeah. What, what? I mean what we saying? What we saying? No, it's, no. You talking about Sean? No, no, no, no. Okay. Oh. Oh. It wasn't, it wasn't that. Okay. It wasn't that. Okay. You sure it wasn't that? No, no Ocho It wasn't that. It wasn't that. Okay. Okay. It was, it was after it happened to me. So I'm sinus. Yeah, go ahead my brother. It was, it was after a little while. My brother quit while you were ahead. Yeah. Let me finish.


You said she pursued you. You said y'all went out on a couple of dates. You said you gave us some and then you said she don't want no more young man. That's a good, that's a good point. That's a good point. Move on. You not for her. I, I love you for Hey don't trip. I've been there. Love you Ocho. I have it. Love easy. Love you. I love you. Shit. I'm in the friends zone that I don't believe a man needed us to tell him that it was over.


Now what? I said, I don't believe he needed us to tell him it was over. But sometimes, you know what? Sometimes it's good to hear somebody else. You sometimes when you used to living a lie, you know, you, you, you got to come to the fellas for the truth. 'cause you don't want to accept it yourself. That was him. I tell, I'll tell you how you can get outta the friend zone. Put that on him. Well, 36 pounds. Hey, it won't be no friending no more. Hey everybody. Yeah. I little show. Hey, get your boy subscription. You know what I'm saying? That's gonna help him out a lot.


It ain't get him, but it ain't, Hey Rudy, not that problem. Rudy Ano from Austin, Texas. Hey, I think I speak for everybody here is we Ms. Shannon and I love the show with first takes way better than undisputed. I ain't gonna lie, but we Ms. Shannon and be like, ski, ski, what's going on with the cowboy? Ski ski? But anyways, we missed that. But my question is, everybody has, I don't know if you notice, but he's doing a hell of a lot better on first take. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Yes. All right. Remember that? I like first take. Remember that, that undisputed. I agree. You're damn right. So does everybody else, the main question, everybody has the same question. Everybody's thinking the same question. Who the hell is Michelle?


That's what we wanna know. Michelle Obama. Michelle Michelle. Who? Hey, I wanna know who Michelle is. I still don't know who is Michelle? Oh, you, why the hold on. She was still is. I'm just trying to figure out what, what is it? I mean, like if I'd have never said that name, nobody would've been interested in, but we heard you say, whose dick is this? Michelle, we heard you. So now we wanna know who Michelle is and what did she say? She ain't say nothing.


Next. Next. See what I gotta go through, Stephen. A you see what I gotta go through? You know, I do feel bad for you. You know when the fellas come asking you to tell your business like that. That's not how it usually works, fellas. No, it's usually the ladies that's asking who is she? I mean, the fellas ain't the ones that's supposed to be asking these questions most of the time when it's out in the public like that, right? Then it's public consumption. So I need to understand, I want better context as my co-host. Yeah, don't lie to me. You, you, you, you, you got the context. We got all the context we need.


You ain't, you ain't devoided the context. Stop that. The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is homes shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.