
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from planners, Skippy Nabisco Terra Cheez-It Lunchables, and Sparkling Ice for lunchbox surprises. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Stay farm and DJ Dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


The Volume,


the 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book. Draft an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Drafting Sports book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices viewed from your seat, the lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap Olympic Edition. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharp, the guy to your bottom left. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro bowler, the all Pro Liberty City zone. Y'all know him. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, we also have a special guest. We're gonna introduce Tim in a minute. Let me go through the, the cadence here guys. Thank you. Please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts, every subscriber matters. We're able to get to this point thus far. Thanks to your support. Please make sure, please, please make sure you hit the like button.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We're taking pre-orders only. Also, please go follow my media company on all this platform. That's Shea. Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. That's 84 spelled out as you can see, OCHO and I wearing the new Olympic merch that just dropped. You can see what it is right here. OCHO got the white on. I got the gray kind of blue accent. Ocho got the short also. Hey, they sent, they sent me these. Try to get me to squeeze Texas in Georgia. Y'all know that wasn't gonna work. So here we are right now. I could just hold up. Yeah, I could just hold up my, they actually thought I was gonna be able to fit in these.


That's what, that's what my ash doing. Use Code Olympics and the ch and the Olympic mech just dropped and the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a very, very special guest joining us to recap the day's events, the sprinting events. He's a five time Olympic medalist. He's a 12 time world championship medalist. He's the 2004 Olympic champion, a hundred meters. He beat Francis OB Colu from Portugal by one 100th of a second. He ran 9, 9, 8 5 over, ran 9, 8, 6. He's a 2005 and 2017 world champ in the hundred meters. He's a 2005 world champ in the 200 meters.


He's a 2019 world champ in the four by four, excuse me, the four by one. He is none other than Justin Gatlin nephew. What's going on bro? Thanks for joining us. Oh, I appreciate it, man. I appreciate it. Chad, what's up Ocho? What's up baby Man? Everything good? I'm still waiting to race you. I've been, I've been waiting by, I've been waiting about 10, 15 years now. We gonna put 'em spikes on. But You know what, first of all, I, I was trying to add, add that to my stats. I was trying to get that on to say, Hey, beat Chad Ochocinco in the street race, but my package ain't come. I, I hit the button that said 30 days on Amazon instead of overnight. So I ain't get my spikes yet. So we gonna wait for those. Okay. Okay. Okay. We'll get that. We gonna get that popping though.


Yes sir. Yes sir. Justin, let's jump right into it. In the women's hundred meter final, this wasn't upset. She was the overwhelming fare favorite. Although Julian ETT has been running well all year. She's been in a bag all year. So let's not just make it seem like she just came on the scene. She's an NCAA champ. She's a medalist on the world stage. She can run and she put the race together of her life. She got out of the block and Shari couldn't chase her down. It seems like to me that Shaka was not, she was not herself, she wasn't a jubilant, she wasn't playing around like she normally was. When you watch this race and you break it down from your professional standpoint, what, besides Julian Alfred running well, what do you think happened to Shaka in this race?


Well, you know, I think Shari is known to be a fighter, right? That's how she's made her mark in the sport. She's fought the world. We know it. 'cause you conceit in her races, when she comes across that line, she's roaring. Ah. You know what I mean? Right. So watching her run, she didn't show that I think in the semis, in the finals. But once again, just like in the Super Bowl, when you get to that Olympic line, everything that you think of that you, when you was a little kid about being an Olympic medalist or going to the Super Bowl, and so flashbacks that come to you, that moment is here now. It's a heavy moment that you have to put on your back when that gun goes off. So I think at the end of the day, sometimes that moment gets bigger than you and the preparation you just gotta put to the side and say everything that got me to this point, I'm gonna do it again.


Go ahead. Ojo. I mean, I think, I think all Sha Curry has to do, she's been phenomenal all year. She's been phenomenal all year. Obviously she did win silver. And there's one thing, I'm not a track runner. I'm not a track star by, I am familiar with, with, with, with track runners, with athletes. I have one now. You know, my daughter's here, she's at University of Kentucky. If, if we could help my baby, if we could help my baby with our start and just get a better, just get a faster start, just get a better start, turn it over a little faster because the second, the back half of the race, she's good. She's good. And other, other than that I have, I have nothing bad to say. I'm happy. I'm happy she gets, she, she won silver and I, I'm excited. I'm excited. I I don't think that the SHA care that we know showed up today.


And that's nothing against Sha Careri because I think that if the Shaka we know that showed up to Olympic trials would've handled business today, yes that would've been, that would've been a very close race and a very competitive race today. Right. Hey Justin, I I have a question with someone as good as that. I'm sure obviously whenever you race, especially on a stage this big, do you, as a runner, as a competitor, do you still consider it a bad thing coming in second? Is, is that, is that, I mean, how do, how do you guys view it as Olympic sprinters not winning gold but still, but still placing, you know, really Well, I mean when you look at the point of how you trained all year, you've become the favorite and you've worked so hard to make sure you wanna obtain that goal.


Yeah, it's, it's a little hurting your heart, you know what I mean? Because your focus is to get that goal. That's what you here for. You're the favorite going into the finals. Mm. You're the favorite going into the Olympics. So everyone's already saying that it's yours to lose. That's what you want. But at the, if you looking at it from like 50,000 feet up where you look at yourself against 7.9 billion people in the world, you get in that second place is still an accomplishment. You know what I mean? Especially for if you have a young career, you have a long career in front of you. Huge. So, Yeah, long way. I don't, I don't think that she should walk away feeling with her head hanging down is the fact that it's motivation going into the world championships and her getting ready for the next Olympics when it comes. Oh yeah. But this is what we've talked about with Shakar all along.


Even when Shakar before what transpired in 2021, we always questioned the starts. We know, we know at this level, this is not high school. This is not the collegiate level. Justin, you are not gonna consistently run down these men and women if you get left in the blocks, they're just too talented, talented. You can't spot a great, you can't spot women and men that are the equivalent of you two meters and think you're gonna chase him down. The reason why both got so good because great is because he worked on that start. And once he could get out the blocks, even with you, once he got to 50 meters and he stood up, it was over.


Should carry has a top end. Like you gotta go back to Flo Joe to find a female that has a top end like Shaka, but she's giving up too much ground in the beginning of the race Justin. And she can't chase these women down consistently. So my coach when I was, when I was competing is actually her coach. And my coach always said, Dennis Mitchell said nine seven don't catch nine seven. So you can't give a deficit to an individual that is your equal out there when you competing against Exactly. You gotta make sure that you go through your checks and balances before that race and when that gun goes off anything that is what you gotta hit, which is your strong suit, you gotta capitalize on your strong suit. And her strong suit is that second half.


She has to be in striking distance of the Julian Alpha. 'cause Julian Alpha is strong. She going, she gonna push through that line. And that's what she did tonight. She got in front and she did not relinquish that lead for, for Shari. Shaka had to give a a, like you said earlier with Usain Bolt, have a good start. You ain't gotta be in front of the field. We know that when the light goes on and you hit that 50 meter mark, Shaka wakes up, right? Yeah. And, we see what she can do when she wakes up. So the fact is now the Olympic goal is somewhere else. Let that be motivation for her to be able to come back and do something bigger and better. We need to see a ten five. Yeah. But here the thing Justin, is that we look at her in the trials. She ran 10 71, she ran, she ran high 10 eighties.


Do you people, I don't know if people understand how slow, now we're not talking about the world. When she ran 10 65, which is probably one of the four or five fastest time ever run by a woman. She ran 10 71 at the trials and it wasn't close today she ran 10 high, 10 eighties. That's not Shari. She can run ten eight oh in her sleep. But, but I believe the moment, the pressure, the expectations came along and all of a sudden she was, she was, she was still in the blocks. I'm like, she not catching. Once I saw the way that the way Julian Everett got out, I said Shakira's not catching her.


Not today, not today. She'd have had to run ten six she'd, I don't know if she could have called, if she'd run 10 65 with the start that she got today, Justin. And then listen and what we're trying to do, we're trying to analyze and go through the steps, the cadence of what a, a world class runner, male or female goes through. And what Justin's saying, what I'm trying to say is that, look, he said it, Dennis Mitchell said, if you run nine seven and I run nine seven and I get you out the gate, you not catching me. It's just like a race car. If we both got 800 horsepower and I get you off the line, Ocho you not catching me. If I got 800 horsepower, you got 800 horsepower And. we the equivalent drivers.


So she had to hit that mark, she needed to be with Alfred. And then when we got to 50, now let's see, my top end has already was even with your back, with your front end. And now let's see who could get to the, the last 50 meters and get Well, I I, go ahead. Yeah, I, I always thought about something when I, when I think about racing, obviously I, I don't know track like that. Justin, you can correct me if I'm wrong. I think there are maybe two phases or maybe three different phases in in track. Obviously there's a start. That's one phase I I would assume. Yeah. Then you have your drive phase, you know, which, which I'm assuming you driving out to get out and then I'm not sure what the third phase might transition might be called transition. Your transition being able to hold that phase as long as possible.


I'm assuming your strength, you don't actually turn over and get faster. You're just able to maintain that top end speed longer than everybody else. So when it comes to racers, there's a bunch of receivers in the NFL everybody can catch, but they all get open a different way. So are there runners or is it, is it, is it crazy to say that each runner has a different strength and nobody will have all three phases and be really, We really good at all three phases? Justin? That's the one thing I love about running a hundred meters man. All three of us are built different. We have different, we have different attributes we bring to the table, but all three of us could run sub teno. That's what you looking at when you looking at those women when they get to the line and the men, it's the fact that the, some are so, some are tall, some are short, some are stocky, some are skinny, right?


But the fact is they all can go, you know what I mean? I think you have to play on what your strengths are, but you have to mask and protect what your weaknesses are. And for her in that situation is alright, we know you're not the best starter in the world, but the fact is it ain't, like you said, you gotta make sure that you get out you in striking distance and you gotta get to what you are good at, which is your top end speed. You have your start, you have your drive phase, you have your transition, you have your top end speed and you finish. That's what it is. So five phases and she's good at four of those five. You see what I'm saying? Once she gets going, it's, it's a wrap. And we seeded and especially through that, through that prelims. If you wash her prelims, those wheels were spinning when she come through that line and she only cocked ten nine and she was just spinning.


So you know that she had a lot left in the tank and the confidence was there as well going into that finals and that semis was a whole different ball game. And when you lined up next to somebody that you know, that can be a possible threat, you know what I'm saying? Now you start second guessing put, put That doubt in Your mind. Exactly. In those moments when you are running Olympic finals, there ain't no four quarters, there ain't no two halves. Right. You only get 10 seconds for them. Females, you only get nine seconds for them men, you ain't got time to think it's all instinctual. You gotta react like a savage. You gotta get out there and just go. Yeah. Yeah, I agree with you Justin. I'm not so sure. I'm not saying that she ocho remember you and I was talking Justin, how fair would it be if you saying Bolt had Christian Coleman start or had your start?


Oh, it wouldn't be far fair. He's run sub nine four if he had a start like that With a top in. Yeah, With a top in like what he has. But the thing is, as runners, Joe, once you get to a certain point, it's not about speeding up, it's about the profit. When you start to decelerate, his deceleration is so much slower than everyone else's deceleration. And so that's why it looks like Ma, he's speeding up. He's not, it's just everybody else just maintaining, just slowing down a lot faster. Yeah. Than what he is. And I believe Shaka, she didn't need to be second outta the block, but she couldn't be dead last outta the block. And I think that was the difference in the race because you get somebody like Julia er who's a strong runner who can start exceptionally well if you spot her that much distance, I'm not saying you need to be second outta the blocks, but if you dead last and give up that much separation, you're not catching her.


You're not catching her. And it's the same thing. You, you but you about to give me some nightmares man. If, if you sain Bo had a Christian Coleman start And. if you ain't finish Woo, I probably have to take up a whole other career brother. But at the end of the day when you look at Julian Alfred and giving her praise, yes. Her track record speaks for it. She's a two-time NCAA champion 102 me a hundred and the 200. Correct. She is the indoor world champion just of this year. Yes. And then she went into the finals 60 meters with one of the fastest times of the season. So she knows how to get it done in championship environments. So she ain't that kind of person that's just sitting there hoping that she gets on a podium.


She's come to get to the top of that podium. Right. That's what she's built. Like Can I ask you this? What do you think? Because if you look at a lot of these, a lot of these runners, Shaka did not run after the trials. Julian Fer ran, no Lau ran Rod, Benjamin Rand, Christian, Warhol, Rand Allison Dosantos ran them. Cabo ran how much, because that's like a six week law in between when you're here to all of a sudden trying to ramp it back up in six weeks. Do you believe that played a role? I don't, I don't necessarily think so. Only because I came from that same coaching system.


Okay. I know Dennis is gonna get you ready. He knows what's, he knows what's at stake. And, we train extremely hard. Right to the point where it did give you nightmares when I retired, my body felt better retired than it did when I was in the game of play. You see what I'm saying? So we you, we work hard man. So I know that she was working hard and that moment meant everything not only to her but her whole training group. It meant, and to her whole circle, her coaching her agency, they knew that this moment was there for them. So I think that she was prepared physically for that moment. It's just the fact that the moment was very big. Yeah, the moment was very big in that moment. This was a very seismic moment for the small Caribbean island of San Lucia with a population of under 200,000.


Julian Al Alfred just went run, won the nation's first ever Olympic medal. And its goal, her time of 10 72 is a St. Lution national record that puts her in the top 10 all time. The margin of victory, the 0.15, the biggest winning margin in the women's hundred meter Olympic final since Shelly Ann Frazier price won in Beijing in 2008. That's how dominant what Julian Alfred just did let that sink in the biggest margin of victory in 16 years. We know she, as far as women starting, ain't nobody had to start like the mommy rocket shell Ann Frazier price.


But here's the thing. In order for you to beat Shell for Elaine Thompson Herra, she had to be close because she got that FlowJo closing speed. She said, if I can just be close, I know at 50 meters if I'm close, I'm gonna come get you. Right. But if you're not close and hey look, a lot of those Jamaican women can get out the gate on you. I mean we forget about Veronica Campbell Brown, we forget about Stewart. What, what's Name Stewart. Look at Ron Stewart ran ten seven. Yep. Stewart, The Stewart, the Jamaican lady for Stewart. Obviously Merlene, DY, Jolene, Kurt all, I mean, Jamaica has female sprinters.


I mean the y we just know about over the last say decade when we talk about Shelly Ann Frazier, And, we talk about Merlene dy And. we talk, we talk about some of the ones that we, oh, Shaka Jackson. Shaka Jackson started as a 400 meter runner, won the bronze medal dropped down. And now here she is one of the fastest women in the world. The fastest ran the second fastest time ever at the world's last year, 2141 starting the challenge in Flo Joe's record. I think her record is what, 20, 21, 33, 21, 34. I think it's something like that. So we, we know what the Jamaican women can do, but give, give Julian Alfred Juju she put on the show today.


Put on the show. Put on The show, and you watch the watch party Justin. And you see the way that nation man you thought you was at a local bar and that was the hometown team playing in the Super Bowl Ocho or the NBA finals. The way that nation got behind that young lady Ocho Shannon, I'm gonna tell you right now, man, like yeah. Watching, watching her win and, and and how many people are in her country over 200,000 than Less. Less than less than Dropping bucket. You talking about 7.9 billion people in the world. You understand? And, and when she goes home to train, everyone in the country lined up on the fence just to watch her do, do drills A skips and b skips just to watch her train.


They'd have so much love for her. Wow. She's, she is one of those generational athletes that's going to help the next generation of female sprinters and male sprinters. We have confidence to say I'm from a small island, I can get the job done too. I've done, yeah, There's a video surfacing Shelly Ann Frasier price, this is her last Olympics. She let it be known. This is my last Olympic that I guess what's transpiring Justin, if you don't ride the team bus, your people are having issues getting in and it seems like had that issue. And Shelly Ann Frazier price had the issue getting to the warmup area.


And I guess when she got there late, she ended up tweaking a hamstring. I'm not really sure you are in Paris. Justin, what have you heard was the run of the, the reason, one of the reasons why Shelly Ann pulled out of this race? Well, first knowing it's her last, her last, Well first of all, it started off that she had hamstring issues and then it started off that she wasn't let into the warm area. Now hearing that it's a, she had to ride the bus to be able to get into the, into the warmup area. To me, bro, it's just, it's just ludicrous. First of all, it our sport, when you are a star, you come in with a private car because you dialed in, you focused to get on that bus. Sometimes that bus gets overpacked. There ain't no seats left, you gotta sit on the floor.


You know, know what I'm saying? Just to get to, to ride for 20, 30 minutes on a bus where there ain't no air conditioning. And to get to the stadium, yes, it's a humbling experience, but where you are poised to win or you have one Olympic goal, there should be a different level of preparation for you. We know that you can get the job done. There's no reason why she should not have, have been let into the warmup area to get ready for her last a hundred meters that we ever going to see that. I feel like that was a shame to the fact of altering her preparation And the legend that mommy rocket is now we gonna look back at those channels on the, on the internet and see that vacant lane lane five and there's no mommy rocket there.


I feel like that, that hurt my heart knowing that such a legend And y'all legends in your own right. Imagine that they call your name out to come out on the field and then you don't show up because you couldn't get what you need to get done. No Olympics you do with We couldn't get into the stadium Exactly. You couldn't get into the damn stadium. The Olympics should, should oblige those ones that we know that are gunning for that Olympic title because that's gonna make, that's gonna make a better show for everybody. Right?


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from planners. Skippy Nabisco Terra Cheez-It Lunchables and Sparkling Ice for lunchbox surprises. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


How To have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's A lot of games all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woohoo. Chba Chaba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chumba life. Visit cmba casino.com btw group, no purchase necessary void over by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus


Dearest listener allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights, craft clothing that embraces everybody's shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm. Snag has triumphed Permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit Snag heights us today.


Ocho war with anti cloud, The US four by four mixed Relay yesterday. Yes sir. Dwayne Deadman, Vernon Norwood, SHAIR Little and Brown. I forget Brown's first name. They set the Olympic, they set the world record in the four by four mixed Relay. Okay. But today the Dutch team anchored by the legendary FCA bowl. Yeah. Ran a sub 48. Yeah. Closing split. She ran 47 93 and she tracked down the American to snatch gold. Gold. Yeah, I saw that Justin, I saw that.


Was it a mistake not to have Quincy Wilson because you took him over there and I, I don't get it now He run in the rounds at the trials, he ran sub 45 all three rounds. His last meet, I think it was the Edward Mo No, it was maybe the Edward Moses or, or the one in Florida with what's the guy, the, the hurdle? Yeah. Mike Holloway, Holloway, grand Holloway Holloway Classic. He ran 44 20, which is one of the fastest times in the world this year. Why you, you said, well, he doesn't have, he doesn't have world experience. Well how the hell is he gonna get it if you don't take it, if you take him across the water and don't let him run? So what you think, what did you think was gonna happen Justin?


If you let the kid run, he's gonna all of a sudden blow up and run a 50. I don't think that's gonna happen. So what do you think happened in the mixed relays other than 50 Bowl running that legendary anchor leg? So Sources are saying that Quincy Wilson got injured, you know what I'm saying? While he was at practice for the Relay. So if that's the case, I hope he gets well sued. He's had an amazing season, first of all, very good season. He, he's prd four times this season as a 16-year-old. He ran a whole youth season, then he went to big boy trials, you know what I mean? He went out there, Lieutenant Olympic trials, handled his business, Olympic trials, made the Relay team and then he went overseas to run races as well. So he dropped that 44 20, which makes him the third fastest American this season.


And he ran strive for strive one of the fastest Americans this whole season to be able to get that 44 20. And that means he's about the top five fastest times of the year throughout the world. You understand? So yeah, may maybe his legs a little tired, but if he wasn't injured, there was no reason why you don't use this young athlete on the team. Okay? That gives other opportunity to be able to rest the athletes that are critical in your finals, right? So if you rested Bryce Deadman for the prelim, you put Quincy Wilson in there, he's gonna show out and you're not gonna have a real look of what the finals team USA is gonna do in the finals. Now you kind of leaving everybody a guess in what they look like. They broke the world record, which is bittersweet because they broke the world record at thir Three, Three minutes, seven seconds and three minutes, seven and 40, 41 seconds was the world record.


They smashed right to win the gold was three minutes, seven seconds, point 43. So literally just a couple of hundreds of seconds away from breaking that world record. Or they could have got that Olympic gold And that's the difference. Yep. Look, Justin, you, you ran, you you had a a a a 15 year career at that level. You was running sub damn near you and Kim College might be the only two that's ever run sub sub 10 and 40 years of age. So you know the margins of victory, it's not like high school. You are not Finn to be blowing these people out of the water. These people can run and look, I I get it like when you're running, you're in the moment and they stayed on the gas, the anchor leg.


I was listening to Richard Ross, she's like, she's still on the gas. I thought she would back off and save some in the tank. There was no reason to break the world record because you break the world record in the prelims and you don't get gold. People are gonna be scratching your head with like, damn, did you, did you leave some of that on the track the day before? We oh, so you know how we talking like, hey, save some of them catches for next week or save some of those baskets for next week. Don't use 'em all up right now. So if, if you're the coach of that team, what would you have? What would've been your strategy Justin going into are we, hey, let's just win to make sure we qualify. We don't, hey, we're not out for a world record, we just wanna make sure we qualify and then let's drop the hammer in the finals.


Well I think right now it's kind of with the same just going on with the men's basketball. The world's catching up to you. The world's catching up to you. You have a lot of international athletes who come to America to get trained by America coaches at American Institutes. So they're understanding the ideology that we have when it comes to competing at a high level, right? But the thing is happening now is the fact of as if I was that Relay coach, I would say go out there qualify. That's all we need to do. Qualify, get to that, get to that finals. Then you let loose get that goal and that world record, then you going to catch everybody off guard. But now the fact of they gave fem kaball and Team Netherlands a look, you guys running three minutes and seven seconds. Okay cool, we gonna be ready for that.


When it comes to the finals, they came out with the same quartet. So they knew exactly what that order was going be. They knew exactly how they were gonna run and of the, and of the fact of you went and broke. We're having a little technical difficulties with, with Justin's mic. He is in Paris later, so forgive us. And it's the we hours of the morning. So we greatly, greatly appreciate Justin taking time out of his busy schedule, staying up la night, late night with us to break down these races. I, I agree with you. But here's the, the, the difference is, is that you see, they brought Fmca now is that 47 90 gonna take something out of her legs for 400 because you know, s wants to be, she's thought of right now as the greatest 400 meter or female woman's hurdler in the history.


There's something to be said about a two time Olympic champ because for me, Justin, I believe this will be a last 400. I believe Bobby and her will focus on the open 400 to make her the greater, the greatest middle distance sprinter in the history. If she can win a goal, win two goals in the Olympics in the 400 hurdles and the world, and then turn around and in the world championship, win the 400 goal sitting up for 2028 to win the 400. It ain't even close At the end of the day. You, you gotta look at what FM Cabals building. FMA Cabals building a, a campaign to show how great she is. Yes, Sidney's chasing history, FEMA cabal is chasing Sidney to history.


But what's gonna happen is Sidney can't make no no mistakes in in her race. She can't hit no hurdle. She can't stutter. Step fmca ball is gonna be right there in that picture frame when it counts. Do I think that that running that 44 7 to run that 47 in that mixed relays is gonna tax fmca ball? No, she's trained for that this whole season. She's been running mixed relays from the world relays all the way through to now. So her body's ready for that. It it's used to it. Hey, you know, when I, when I think when I think about it, they, they set the world record and then you come back and to gas out on the last, you know, the, I'm assuming gas out, you know, that mon that monkey jump on your back, which allowed the Netherlands or Holland for, for that matter to close the gap where we weren't able to, where we weren't able to win goal.


Is there any other methods that you guys go through in preparation for after running a race like that to kind of recover a little bit faster outside of cold tub, ice tub massages? Is there anything else you guys can do to kind of refresh your legs after, after an event like that? Not necessarily. We, we do have the state of art trainers that come with us, you know, for a team, for team USA. So everyone's on deck making sure these athletes are ready for the next next event or the next round for the finals. So I think they're gonna be in great hands. When you look at somebody like Phil Kaball, she ran from fourth place to first place. That's hard to do already. If you already in lead team, USA was already in lead by by a margin, right?


So for her to run people down one by one to get to the front, what do you do? The only thing you can do is you gotta go into your arsenal and get a bigger gun. You gotta go get someone like tap Sidney on the shoulder and say Sidney, we need you for this mixed Relay. We gotta see what we can do. Because now that's the only thing you really can do. Okay? Yeah, it's gonna be very, it's gonna be very interesting the women's four by four because you know Sydney normally runs like second or third leg. They might save Sid for the ankle leg just in case it comes down to Fmca and this thing's closed now that's what I wanna see. I wanna see, I, I believe if FCA ball has anything less than a five meter lead, see a go getter, I've seen Sid run open for 48 75 and not be pushed.


I've seen her run 22.07 and really not be pushed. I believe she can go, she might be the first since Meina coat in 85 to go below 48. Justin. Well first of all, you making my appetite for a competition kind of like spark right now doctor to watch Sydney run down fib ka ball in the finals of the, of the women's four by four with five me with five beat gap. Boy, that is going to be amazing to watch man. Give it Two, five might be too much, five might be too much because, but here's the thing. We've seen when people applied pressure to Fmca, we saw it in the world championship. We saw when the girl put that pressure and started to ease up on her, we saw it tied her up.


You see it's easier to run from behind than it is the front. Justin, you know this because you get to relax now all of a sudden because if she doesn't come back, ain't nobody saying nothing. Everybody say, well man, look how far she had to come from. Right? But when you in the front and you feel that pressure and that crowd and they start standing and they start chomping at the pit and you hear that crowd, you know, even if you don't look at the boy Justin, you hear it, you know it, you can feel it Now all of a sudden you're like, damn, hell my hamstring starting to tighten up. Ooh now you start running straight up, you start looking like Michael Johnson running and see it coming.


Absolutely. Boy if they come out with the hood woo in Paris during the Olympics, boy I'm gonna come out of retirement. Boy, that's, that's entertainment right there For sure. Oh, that'd be dope. That'd be dope. We look at Ryan Crowder three times. He's the first man in history to win three consecutive shot putts. The shot win the shot, three consecutive Olympics with three gold medals in the Olympics. He's put it away on his first throw. I think he went 2264 meters and then he finished it off with a 22.90 meters. Not quite as world record, but he put it away early. So what Ryan Rauser likes to do, he likes to get that big throw first, come catch him if you catch him, if you can Absolutely that, that's gonna put pressure on the rest of the competition.


If I put that big throw out there, then you ain't focus on how you, your technique is you ain't focused on what you and your coach have been working on all year. Yeah. You trying to go get that gold medal, you trying to get that mark and at the end of the day, hey that many people in the world has ever thrown that far before except for Ryan Krause. So now your whole, your whole game plan is all off tilt now. You know what I mean? So he knows what he's doing and he's doing it over and over and over again. The point is he needs to go ahead and clone himself so he can have some competition. 'cause right now he's running away with it. Yeah, all the big, all the big joke is consist and this is the third straight Olympic that the Americans have gone one two in the shot put Ryan Crowder won the last three Joe Kovac has been been the one, the silver medal Joe's like, man, I don't know what the hell, like, I don't know what I can do because we know at any given moment Ryan Klauser can unload a world record, a mythical world record that we thought, I remember, I'm old enough to remember Justin when Randy Barnes threw that world record, I think 75 10 back in 88.


And I was like, ain't nobody ever gonna break that record and here, and lo and behold we get a six foot five Oregonian over 300 pounds and he 76 and I mean he, he obliterated the record. It wasn't a couple of feet, you know, I think of Timberman had the record before Randy Barnes broke it, but he's just, he's like you said, he's in a class by himself right now throwing that 16 pound metal ball. Listen man, they said Come across You, you come across athlete, go ahead. You, you come across athlete like Ryan Sidney or you saying they just say do your best, do your best. Lemme ask, give us your preliminary what you think, what you think's gonna happen in the hundred meter.


We got the men, we got Noah Lowes, we got Kasha Thompson, we got Obole Seville, we've got Kenny Benner, we got Fred Clark Curly, we got the, the, the, the Italian that won the, I forget his name, Marcel Jacobs, Justin Marcel Jacobs who ran nine eight, ran nine 80, but he has not been in that farm since he's been Nick all the way. You got some me. So you've got some guys that are right there but seems to be the overwhelming favorite is K Shane Thompson since he laid down that 9 77 Noah Lowes did run in 9 81, which is a lifetime best.


Again, he's not the best starter. The 200 meters is his best race because it gives him a chance to build up. But ain't no building up in the hundred meters. Nope, not at all. I think what's gonna happen in this situation is ke Shane is right now is the favorite right on paper for sure. When you watch him race and you watch him go through the rounds, I mean you go through his practices and you see the videos. He looks like a rocket coming out the blocks. He looks strong watching him run that nine seven and shutting it down at the Jamaican trials. Look, it gave me, it gave me nightmares and I'm retired. You know what I mean? Yeah. So when you watching these, when you watch an individual like that, the only thing you can do is you gotta turn it into a foot race. Noah Lowes gotta turn it into a foot race.


Fred Curly and the rest of the guys, they gotta meet him at the 55 meter mark when he goes and tries to take off. You gotta go strive for stride with an individual like that. Yeah. 'cause someone like him, he doesn't need to run through the line. He shuts it down before he gets to the line, show him something different. Go strive for stride with him for the last 10 20 meters and see exactly what he's made of. That's where you only going to get on top of that podium. If you run strive for try to make him die, die die for that line. That's, you gonna see a different key chain. But you gotta go and you gotta surprise him. You gotta go strive for stride with half of the half of the race to go. And the the funny thing about that, when you, when you mention that being able to go strive for stride, that means you gotta get out with him too.


So your foot speed, your turnover, your transition at the, at the very beginning has to be that much better, that much faster than what you used to running. And then when you, when you, when you factor in the pressure situation because of who you're running with, the nervousness, the butterflies, obviously I've never been in that position, but I'm thinking about the nervousness when it was just time for me just to play a regular game on Sunday. So I could imagine in Paris at the Olympics, you know, representing your country, it got to be not the worst feeling, but such an adrenaline rush where you wanna perfect all the work you've put in for the last four years to a t and perfect it to a science. And the fact that you have someone that's ran nine seven and that's in the back of your mind.


I I it has to be. It has to be. And I'm excited, I'm excited to see it and, and, and hopefully you really, there's nothing, it's not like magic. You can't just change your routine. You can't change the technique. It just, you, like you said, you gotta show him something different. Well, I'm gonna make sure that I'm watching. I I I I'm hoping we can do it. I'm hoping I I think we have a good shot at it. You know, those guys, when you look at Fred Curly, you know, he, he's, he's built with a lot of grit. He loves, he loves to be able to have that adversity, you know what I'm saying? To go through and when you look at someone like Noah, Lowes, he's a showman. He's kind of like a ussein bolt. When the pressure's on and lights turn on, I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you my up, I'm gonna show up and I'm gonna show out. So I think T-M-U-S-A has a arsenal to go out there and upset.


You know what I'm saying? Key Shane. But Key Shane is the enigma. No one's ever seen him in a championship. No one's ever seen him. No one hasn't really raced against him either. So now it's a whole new look. So when that gun goes off, your heart gonna be right. Beaten very fast. Yeah. Because this is somebody you've never raced against that you've never had an opportunity to watch film on. Really? So you gotta go out there and just run light pole to light pole like back in the day. I like that light pole. I think the Thing, You said something very interesting, Justin, I remember my coach, I was running the, I was running third leg of the, the 400 meters in the Relay and the guy, he ran the open four and he had done got out and you know, because you know, back then we could switch to stagger.


It wasn't like, okay, you penciled in to run the third leg, the second leg, ankle, leg. We was moving people around according, so coach like, hey coach sw us around. I was supposed to be the anchor because it was gonna be too far outta hand. And so he a told me to go to third leg and so I was like, coach, what you want me to do? He said, sucker, you gotta put him to the test. Make him run, make him run the entire, don't let him relax. So what I did is that I ran and I pulled up beside him. So now he got to go, he's got to run faster than he thought he was gonna have to run. But I said, oh, I, I just, something told me, I said I'm gonna stay here as long as I can because I'm gonna see how I can be uncomfortable longer than you can bro.


But I, 'cause I know what I've done, but we gonna see when we got to the, when we turned got into the curb, I said I should go. I said no, I'm gonna sit right here. I ain't, hey I'm gonna sit right here on him because he know I was there. He kept looking, he kept, kept glancing. Once I saw him glance that last time, I said I got it when we pulled out, you hit it. We had that last 80, let's go on. I looked over at him, I put the bat, I put a, I put the baton in his face. I told you and ball to the house, I turned it over to the ankle. Leg And, we brought it home. But that's the thing what you're saying about what they're gonna have to do to Shane, you gotta put him to the test.


If you let him be Scott free at 50 meters, you're not gonna be able to touch it. You gotta make him run those first 50 meters because Noah had the top end speed that if I'm with you for 50 meters or I'm gonna step behind you at 50, I can bring it home. Absolutely. Yeah. And that's what it's gonna take. It's gonna take that grit, you know what I mean? You gotta put up, you gotta put question in his mind or doubt in his mind when you strive for Stride one and he be like, oh man I ain't running nine seven, I must be running nine nine or something like that. 'cause you right next to me. But in reality you are running nine seven. But I am too 'cause I'm with you. Right. Togo de Botswanan, he's run. He's run what? He hasnt he run like nine, eight, he's run nine eight this year.


Nine he's a leg. Legit there's, there's a Kenya that's run 9 7 9. So there have been some, there are a couple of guys that are in the a hundred meter field, Justin that's run a faster time than Noah's lifetime Best K Shane 9 7 7. The guy I forget the guy from from Kenya, he's run 9 7 9 Fernan Oma. Yep. Yes, Yes. So there are some guys in there. So, but here's the thing, and you know this, every Olympics we saw a soccer Powell come to the line with the fastest time in the world leading into the Olympics and every time he ain't getting on the podium.


So just because you got the fastest time over there in Paris or the Diamond League or whatever the case may be, your trials, can you run that time when it matters? Oh Joe, remember the mark of any great offense or defense? Can you do what you need to get done when you have to get it done? Well can you run nine seven in Olympic final in the big stage? Can you run 9 7 9 in Olympic final the world watching? 'cause if you can't, that's gonna be the difference in the ball game Justin. It is. Absolutely You when you think about these countries like Jamaica, those athletes carry a lot of pride. But what also what comes with that pride is pressure because they putting that whole country on their back. Yeah. So you know, you gotta, that's what you gotta placate to.


You gotta placate to, alright, you got that pride you're gonna show up but what about that pressure, that pressure heavy? We gotta, we gonna test that pressure and that's what team USA has to do. They gotta test that pressure and the rest of the field gotta do that too. 'cause that's what it's really going to take, right? Because at the end of the day, write down on paper it's key Shanes all the way, but it's gonna take a real person that to step up to that starting line and finish first He's gonna have to have the start of his life. Yes. He's gonna have to start, he's gonna have to start have the start of his life, his best start, his reaction time. I'm not saying he needs to be Christian Coleman, but he's gonna have to have the start of his life. Because the thing is, if you let kan get Khan, get out there and relax.


You know a relaxed runner is a dangerous runner. No Justin. It is. And that's what he was able to get to the lead in Olympic trials. And that's why he could sit it down because he know once he got to the front, he knows a lik Seville don't have that kind of top end speed to challenge. He knows none of those other guys have top end speed to challenge him. So now he can just sit down, I can relax. You know the guy when they got that lead? Oh good. Oh look at that. That's How he looked. That's how he looked at the, in the pres bro. He looked up at the screen, he just running half of the race just running, looking up at the screen ball, relaxed, relaxed, damn. And as soon and as soon as somebody pull up on him and put him to the test.


Yep. Gotta tighten up. Okay, let's take a look at the women's 200 meters. The favorite hasn't been running well this year. I don't know if she's an injured Reka Jackson. She pulled out of the a hundred meters. She's like her, her and her coach decided that the best chance, the best chance for her to win a medal, the gold medal medal within the 200. But I don't know, has she been under 22 this year? She hasn't looked like the Eureka Jackson that ran 2141 and the at the World Championship in Eugene. Obviously Gabby Thomas has been amazing. When you try to, when you break this race down, what are you looking at? What, what do you, what what, what's gonna surprise you?


What's gonna be the difference if Shaka is healthy? Is she the favorite? If Sikas healthy And, we know how Shaka could run. In my mind, she's the favorite. You know, she gets the job done in the last couple years. It wasn't about her winning, it was about her chasing that, that world record, that FlowJo record. She's the closest one to, to get to it. So I think that confidence is at a different level. You know what I mean? She's become a world champion. She knows what it takes to be a champion. So the byproduct is the gold medal. If the fact is I wanna go after that world record, you know what I mean? So I think a healthy shaka could get the job done. But if it's a not healthy shaka, and I'm only reading through the words of listening to her press conferences, and when you talk about preserving your energy or your health, you know what I mean?


Just to see if I have an opportunity to win just in the 200, not over the hundred And, we know she could do damage in both. She's ran 10 60 in the, in the hundreds. So she's one of the fastest females in the world. Yeah. Bar none. So we know that she can get the job done there. I think that she's buying time for her and whatever her little knickknack injuries may be to be able to make sure that she's at least close to a hundred percent as possible when she goes out there for that 200. But at the end of the day, you cannot count out. Gabby, Gabby has shown that she can get the job done. She does it with Grace. She does it with poise. It almost shows like a 2.0 of Allison Felix. She, she glides and, and she prances across that track, but she powers it home. That last 50 meter, that's where Gabby's dangerous at her last race that she just ran.


She wasn't even the first place with 20 meters to go. And she surged on them. She called, she ran. Now Julian ett and Nita and Dina. That's what I'm talking about. And Julia er just ran ten seven. So that, that tells you exactly what Gabby has in up her sleeve for this 200. She's in shape, she's in shape. And she ready. Yeah. Man, that's Gonna be, that's this be a good one for me. Ocho obviously the man Noah is the overwhelming favorite. Definitely. But Degrass, he won it last, he won the last Olympic cycle. You have Kenny Arian, he put a, he pushed Noah all the way to the Lion. You got Arian Knight. Yeah, the American, yeah, that's run 1960.


You got Bonner. That's run 1959. Yeah. You got the grass that's runs 1962. You got a Noah Lyes that's run 1931. Handicapped this race, Noah. That's his, that's his baby. He, he, he loves that 200. That's where he thrives at. Right? He's ventured into the world under the a hundred meters and he's been successful so, so far. But that baby is his 200. That's where his pride in his ego lies. He can't lose since he got that bronze medal in 2021, he's never lost a 200 meter since then. He's been, so he's gonna come out ready to roll no matter what happens.


I think we, we froze a little bit. There we go. Before that, before that, You looking at Aaron nine, The fresh legs. Eric nine got the fresh legs. He has a run this season. He's only ran, has tricks up his sleeve. He always has tricks up his sleeve. He, every champion is a more mature athlete than he's ever been in his life. Right now he's poison ready. I think he's gonna do damage To that hundred Meters. And I think He has his name on That podium for that 200 meters. So I I think it's gonna be a tight race. It's actually going, We having a little technical difficulties with, with Noah.


Excuse me, with Justin Gatlin. Remember guys, he is in Paris. There is a substantial, there's a six hour. He, he is not, he's nine hours from where we are right now. Six hours on the East Coast, nine hours on the West coast.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from drumstick, outshine to Tino's and Red Bull for Family Night Entertaining. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website For full terms and conditions, visit Safeway dot com for more details.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Dearest listener allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights, craft clothing that embraces everybody's shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm. Snag has triumphed permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit snag tights us today.


When I look at Ken, Ben, are you surprised that Kenny Biner was able to drop down to a hundred meters and have the level of success we saw Fred. Fred came down from the four all the way down to the one. Yeah. I don't know if Kenny, Kenny might have ran some four. I'm sure he did in high school and maybe in college. When you have that kind of speed, they throw you, hell, you probably ran some 400 meters in high school in college. They throw your ass out to you that fast. But are you surprised the level of success that Kenny Erck has been able to have and the hundred meters after not really running a hundred meters say the first five, six years of his career, especially on an international level. No, not at all. I actually, I trained with Kenny before I retired, so I watched him compete. You know, I know that he has, I know he has that go, but he has, his acceleration is, is unmatched.


It's the fact of he needs to make sure his timing at the end of his race is, is there, same thing with Fred Curly. I was the first one to race Fred Curly when he dropped down from the four to the hundred and he beat me in a hundred meters. I was like, I was like, Aw man, it's a 400 meter run. I ain't got nothing to worry about. Boy, I could not drop him off at the 50 meter bar. He was still with me and he beat me. I was like, I told the world, y'all watch out man. Fred Curly ready boy. And he went on to become strong. You become a world champion. So when you look at guys like that, they're poised to do great things across the board from the four all the way down to the 100. They have that talent. So if you had to handicap this race and you picking who you think's on the podium in the 200, I'm gonna go Noah Kenny.


I think it's gonna be American Sweep. I'm gonna go Noah Kenny Arian. Mm Wow. Yep. I'm trying to think, when was the last time we swept the 200 meter? Do you have, do we have to go back to 84 For Olympics? Probably do. Yeah, we probably do. We have to go back far, man, Because I think that was the year. Who was it? Was it Carl Lewis? I think Kurt Baptist and Thomas Jefferson, I Think it was. Oh, Mike Marsh. I think it was Mike Marsh in there. Mike Mike in 84. Are you sure he was he Thomas? He, that's a little bit, yeah, that's about, It was a little, yeah, that's a little earlier than Mike Marsh.


So probably, I think Mike Marsh might've been like 92. Yeah. But, but it was a sweep. I think. I think Thomas Jefferson. I don't, because Joe Lo, Joe de Loach was 88. I think Joe de Loach. Y'all don't, IIII don't know why I wanna say that. You Know what it was 88 because I think 84 was the boycott year. That was the boycott year. No, 80 was the boycott year. Okay. 80 was the boycott year was in Moscow. Yeah, because the Soviet veted at Afghanistan. And so the, the Russians repaid us the favor when it was in the 84 when it was in la. There you go. So they repaid us the favor after we boycotted their asses in 1980. But I know we sw we as a matter of sw matter of fact, hell, we might have swept a hundred meters too, because I know Sam, grad, Sam, Sam Grady, car one sent DA You got you a Tennessee alum like yourself.


Yep. He went to North side Atlanta and I think Ron Brown might have got the, might have got the, the bronze. Yep. We might have swt both of them. Yep. Yep. I I think that was it. That was a hundred meter. I looked that up. But I, I, I was, I was, I was a, a a, a sophomore in high school and I, I remember that then the Relay look, we had three women in the fight. We got silver and bronze Gabby. So Shari will probably run anchor, it'll probably be the same team that won the world and ran one of the fastest time in the history of the women's Relay.


So Gabby will probably anchor, no, Shaki will anchor, Gabby will run third leg. 'cause she can run the turn like no other TT Terry, who made the Olympic finals in the hundred meters, she'll run, she'll run the second leg and and Jefferson will get out the gate for us if we could. Ain't no reason. We shouldn't challenge the world record and when to go, man, you know Who you sound like right now, Shannon, you sound like you sound like my co-host on ready, set, go. He said the women, the four by one, they about to break the world record. Man. Is there a s lose To be honest, man, I I mean if you look around now, who, who's usually our formidable opponent is Jamaica. And right now they're pretty dismantled. Yes.


When it comes to no Elaine Shakas probably injured. And then we don't know exactly what's going on with Shelley Ann. No, Shelley Ann. So We have to see exactly. Team USA has it right there. It it should be an easy win for them and it should be a world record for them. That, but that world, I mean you got, they gonna have this, the batons gonna have to be perfect. Yeah, because that 48, that 40.82, I mean, think about what it was they obliterate that's moving the, I mean they didn't, they didn't creep past the world record Justin. They blew it out of the water. They went sub 41, which, and women, nobody thought that was even possible for women to go sub because the Russians had that. I think the Russians or the East Germans had that record for damn the Germans.


That's who it was. It was the Germans. Yep. Yep. And so nobody thought sub 41, they're like, okay, yeah, somebody will probably get 40. I think the world record at the time was 41 30 and somebody's like, well somebody probably run 41 25 to go from, from what they were running to 40.82. So listen, when you think about it, those three women that trained together, tt Terry, Melissa, Jefferson, and Shaka Richardson. Iron sharpens iron. Yes. They train together, they know how to get the job done and they not happy with the result from the 100. You know what I mean? So they gonna come back to make sure they get that goal and seal that deal and what's the better way to seal the deal? Make sure you get a goal or a world record with it too.


Mm, I like it. So see, there's a question. Where are the best sprinters from? Are they from Florida? Florida? Are they from Texas, Florida? Are they from California? Seems like Virginia says, Hey, we raising our hand. Georgia say, hey, throw us in the mix. What are the, what state produces the best friend? I'm gonna tell you, just like this, Texas makes the most fast runners, but Florida makes the best fast runners. Ah, for whatever reason. Okay. When you have a sprinter from Florida, they the best in the world. Boy, Christian, Miller, Xavier Carter, myself.


Different. It's different, man. We different. It's different. We could be one of one Night Night, one of one, bro different. We don't need, we don't need a whole arsenal of, of sprinters. We just need one or two. We good, right? We gonna take over the world, But just, I don't know if people realize this. You started out as a, as a hurdler, as a as, as as 110 meter hurdler and drop down. Why did you drop down? I just had extra talent. My high school coach realized that I was the fastest sprinter, but I also could hurdle. So you know how it is with team, you gotta score them points. You try to get all them points, you get All the points you can. So he's like, why we, why we trying to fight each other for the same points? We gonna throw him in the hurdles. So that's how I actually got my start.


That's actually how I got to college. Once I got to college, I, I told my coach, I, I could sprint too. So we had a private practice. He saw me sprint, he kind of shook his head like, okay, okay. He's like, all right man, you ain't no, you ain't no hurdle no more. And then from there I went on to win six NCAA titles. The first thing I said to him was like, Hey coach, I'm from Florida. He's like, oh yeah, you can sprint. So lemme ask you a question, obviously. What are the typical track practice like for a hundred meter, 200 meter runner? I mean, I mean if you thinking about it, we have, we have stages to get to that point of elite sprinting. So from, from November to to about January, that's all of our endurance phases from January on to about, I'll say beginning of March, that's our sprint endurance phase.


And then from March all the way to like May, that's our speed, total speed phase. So we doing 500 repeats in our endurance phase. Woohoo. We doing exactly with two minutes rest In between. How much rest time in those 500? How many, how much rest time You gotta come through and hit it about a, a minute 50. And then when you cross that line, you got two minutes rest before you hit the next one. And you gotta hit, you gotta hit six to the, My goodness. Yeah, it's different bro. You, hey, you come across the line fighting to get crossed that line. That's how you be looking. Wait, How many? You said five? Yeah. You going, you gonna do two and then you got, oh, you gotta back it up. No, you gotta you gotta do 502 minute rest, 500, then you get six minutes rest and you gotta repeat the process two more times.


So you got six of them. Oh. Oh hell. Oh hell no. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna, you know, my, my daughter, she run at University of Kentucky. She runs a four and eight. You think she has to do that? That they have that same process? Nah. Is it, is it as, is it as complex as you guys or no. Is she still running the 800? Yeah. Mo If she still running the 800 come, she she gonna have some workouts on it. She gonna have a lot of broken, a lot of broken four hundreds for show. That's what she gonna have for show for real. But yeah. But if, if she get, if you getting ready for that, that speed endurance phase, that speed endurance phase gonna be a lot of repeat one hundreds. What's up? There she go. Jake Mo. What's up girl? You good? Yes, I'm Good. All right. We talk about your workouts for this season.


So it's because I saw, what's the guy Hudson Smith and I think Stevie Gardner, little Stevie the Bahamian, he's the, he's the reigning Olympic champ and they had six repeaters of 200 meters. So you had to come through in 26 seconds and you got two minute rest. So you come through in 26, you got two minute rest and you gotta do that six times. Yeah. Yeah. That's a grueling where you gotta put that work in so you can sustain that, that, that, that endurance all the way through your season. You know what I mean? So you'll wanna get out and get that one-off. It's like, it's like watching the rounds of the Olympics right now.


You could run a one-off. Well, but you need to have that energy for the prelims semis and you've gotta be able to show on that finals, Right? And as you go and as you go like the 400, it's even more grueling because you got the opening round and you got the semis and now you got, and, and now it ain't no more like it ain't no more jogging because everything is a sprint now. Now you gotta go. I watch them guys run the, the, the 10 k, the 10,000 meters and they basically running every lap at, at a, at a minute, A hundred percent. They move. Everything is a sprint. It ain't no more a I'm gonna build up, I'm gonna pace it and then I'm gonna strike at the end. Ain't no more pacing, ain't no more strike You going from the Gun.


Everything is a sprint. You going from the gun. That's what it is. You gotta go out there. The level of competition has risen in track and field world across the board. That's correct. So lemme ask you this, Justin, you are in the finals. You done gone through your warmup, you've talked to your coach, you got your last minute instructions, now you are up under the stadium and they're getting ready to bring you guys out. What's going through your mind as you're getting ready to run, as you're getting ready to walk out? And you know, the premier event in all the Olympics and all the track and field is the a hundred meter. And you know, if someone has television, that race is on what's going through Justin Galen's mind as he's getting ready to come out under the, from under that stadium and take that track for nine seconds.


I'm a gamer man. I'm a gamer. So I'm, I'm itching to get out there. I wanna get, because what happens is we sitting in the call room, the call room probably as big as a walkin a a lar, a very large walk-in closet, probably 20 by 20. So you imagine the elite athletes, the best fastest man in the world, they all sitting shoulder to shoulder in this quiet little room. And so one individual walks in there and they say, y'all ready to go? And you stand up, you grab your bag, you get single fo line, and you walk into that stadium and then as you walk in it's, it gets dimed, but then the whole stadium opens up. You could smell the energy. You could smell the energy, because guess what everybody sees. You walk out and they look at you and you know what time it is.


So for me, my mentality is this is what I've been waiting for. I'm ready to get on that track. I'm ready to tear these people apart. I'm ready to go out here and put on my put on a show because all that work I did all them five hundreds and everything I did, I ain't gonna let it, I ain't gonna let it be in vain. I gotta go out here and show out. Especially. And when you win at a championship, it's usually across seas over somewhere else in the world, right? So you gonna get a lot of dominant European flags flying around people from other countries. It'd always be that one little American flag flapping someone from Iowa, something like that you've never met before in your life. You know what I mean? And they just waving that flag says, ah, ah, Justin, go baby.


That's where your energy's at. You look at them, you point to them, you be like, all right, I'm doing that for you. And then once that moment happens, you get in that blocks, gun goes off, you gotta haul ass man. That's what you do it for. That pride. That's liar. I mean, Justin, your start, that's what you were known for your start that drag, you and Kristen, where that, where that toe is basically scraping the grab, scraping the top of the track and it's ah, Ah, your foy and you drop your man, man tuck your, tuck your arms in, you arms all out here, man. No, no, no. I'm no, I'm no, I'm just saying no, I'm talking about the top of his foot. Yeah, but I'm saying On the top, you Do an example, you had your arms all out here, man, tuck your arms.


One example, You gotta go eat the pocket. So, So when you, when you, when you're doing that and you're like, do you know when you have a great drive? Do you know like, oh, this, it feels Perfect. Oh yeah. You know, when you hit it, when that gun goes off and you leave the block, you be like, ah, I hit that one just like that. You know it the first, the first two steps Hit it. Yeah. And you just start accelerating you like, yeah, Especially when you low, you can look behind you almost and see everybody like, oh, all right, got them boy, they done, they done.


So, so at, at what point in time, how many steps are you going before you like, okay, I keep my head because for really, like Mo Green was really the first one that he stayed. I mean, he stayed, he kept his head down and then all of a sudden it was like a swimmer. All of a sudden he popped up on top of the water, you know, like Michael Phelps, would he go down and they stay up underwater and all of a sudden he'd pop up. It's like Mo Green was the really, like the first one that we really noticed. I mean Ben Johnson, Ben Johnson did it also. But we ain't gonna talk about Ben, but, but Mo but how many steps are you counting your steps as, okay, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Okay, here I go.


You don't necessarily have to count your steps. I use actually p places on the track as a point of reference. So if I get to that point of reference, it's almost like 13, 14 steps. So if I get to that point, I know I could eyeball where 30 meters is, I know I gotta drive today. Once I, once I come across that, that, that piece of line or that that color on the track, I can say, all right, this is when I start to come up and start moving. 'cause you can't, you gotta have your blinders on. When you in your drive phase, you can't be looking around all the place. That's where your real focus is, right? Once you come out that drive phase, you go in that transition, everything's a blur. And then that's when you start to come into your competition phase. Once you get to that top end speed and then you can look around and say, okay, this is where everybody is. Hmm. Oh, that's live man, How many, how many steps, how many steps did it take you to to run a hundred meters?


40, 41 steps you say was 40 steps. Wow. So Being him, were the longest Striders. You looking at an average elite, elite athlete's taking about 40, 43 steps to 44 steps. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was, I was doing 44 in high school too, bro. Yeah, yeah, Man. Yeah. That's crazy bro. That's moving. Hey, make sure you guys go follow Justin on IG at Justin Gatlin Twitter two Twitter Justin Gatlin on Twitter At Justin Gatlin on Twitter. Also, he has a podcast.


What's your podcast called? Justin? Ready, Set, go. Ready, set, go. All things track. Obviously you're talking about a guy that's one of the greatest sprinters, not only just in American history, but in all the world in all time history. He is an Olympic champ. He is a world champ. He's an NCA champ. He's a high school champ. And when you talk about sprinting, what better way to get information than somebody that's done it? Yeah. Not talk about doing it. He's actually done it on an extremely high level. You wanna talk about this pole vault, Justin Hood?


Oh yeah. Hey Justin, we really appreciate OCHO and I and Nightcap family. We really appreciate you staying up late at night, giving us your expertise on what transpired today in the Women's a hundred meter final. Obviously to, to go over what's gonna transpire, what possibly could transpire in the men's a hundred meters and the 200 as well as the women 200 meters. We didn't get, we didn't get to the, the 400 Stevie Gardner's trying to repeat only Michael Johnson is the only man in the history of the Olympics to ever repeat the 400 meters. And we've had some great ones. Lee Evans didn't do it. Jeremy Warner didn't do it.


Wade Van Knee, Kurt didn't do it. LaShaun Merritt didn't do it. See? Not, I mean, think about it. Only Michael Johnson is the only man in history to ever repeat the 400 meters. And so Stevie, Stevie Garner, little Steve, little Stevie is trying to do something. Only one other man in the history of the Olympics has ever been able to do to repeat the 400 meters as the Olympic change. Oh Yeah. So hopefully we can get you back on here, And. we can recap the men's a hundred meters, 200 meters, and possibly the 400 meters. So bro, I really appreciate you stopping by taking time with us today, man, best of luck.


Safe travels from Paris and we'll catch up with you soon, bro. I appreciate It, man. I'll be looking in the mail for my Nightcap shirt, man. Hey, hey, I love both of 'em. I need both of 'em, man. So, got you. I got, I got you. Ask text, ask you dress t-shirt T-shirt. Short. You, You Ain't gonna put them short. You ain't gonna put them short, so boy, gimme them shorts right there. They, they too small for you already. Now my size, I don't even know if you fit You Justin. Hey, It's daddy Summertime man. Hoochie daddy, short man. That's my, that's my short back there though. We got you, we got you covered, bro. Hey Justin, appreciate it. Get some rest, man.


And enjoy the, enjoy the rest of the, the events the rest of the while you over there, man. Really appreciate bro. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Huh? I suck y'all later. That's Justin Gatlin Olympic champion, the a hundred meters world champion, a hundred meters, 200 meters. And the NCA champ taking time out of his schedule to bring us some expertise guys, which, what we try to do is that we try to bring you guys the best information that we possibly can. Yeah, Ocho and I can talk about it. But you know, I, I say, you know what, how about I just go ahead and reach out and see if he'd be willing to come on and he was willing to come on and And, we greatly, greatly appreciate that.


Go ahead. Oh, who's this? Oh, two world records have been set. Huh? What? Okay. The French pole vault pole gets him bounced from the heat. We can, we can't show it, but I know you saw the video, he goes up fine, but when he's coming down, something ends up knocking the bar, knocking the, knocking the bar off. What it is. It is what happened? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That Oh, you talking about, oh, buddy. Yeah, yeah, buddy. That messed up. That's messed up.


That's messed up. That's, that's, that's crazy for something like that that happened, obviously God bless you. And then, and those blessings mess up you at the Olympics and now you're going home. Yeah, Well he might need to try another Olympic, the porn Olympics. He, he might, he might be great now with ocho. Hey, but, but his day, his day at the pole vault to get over thanks to that mishap. Yeah, that's messed up, man. That's crazy. Yeah, it was, I guess when they said track and field meet, he didn't need it. He left one of the out.


Oh yo, he left one of the ease out. I'm sorry, y'all. Hey, Pause, pause, pause. Two world records have been said in the past two days in the mixed four by four meter Relay, Vernon Norwood, SHAIR litter, Kaylin Brown, and Bryce Mond set the world record with a time of three minutes, seven seconds, three minutes, 7.41 seconds, three minutes, seven seconds, point 41. And that was yesterday in the prelims, as we mentioned earlier, they ended up losing the gold medal. Mm. But because they did break the world record and I said, any American, that breaks the world record. So as a matter of of fact, Vernon Norwood hit me in the dm.


He and Ash has already exchanged information. And so over the next several days, we're going to get the mixed Relay team of Vernon Norwood, SHAIR litter, Kaylyn Brown, and Bryce Deadman. We're gonna all get them on here. And so they do have 50,000 coming their way to, to be split 12 five to each individual. Congratulations. Congratulations, congratulations. Congratulations. Guys. Wish you guys could have pulled it off, but hey, I'm a man of my word. We gonna get that done. Done. And in swimming, Nick Fink, Gretchen Walsh, Tory Husk and Ryan Murphy brought home the goal for team USA and the a hundred meter mixed Relay and set a new world record in the process. So congratulations.


USA two world records, one in a gold medal winning performance, the other in a silver performance. But hey, we're proud of any medals. We're proud of our men and women that went over there and represented the US very, very well. So thank you guys again for your hard work. All that and everything we can Put, I, I wish I coulda went over there to represent us in something. I know, I'm, I'm old. I I'm not sure what I could have done competitively, like, right? Yeah, but I damn man. Nothing. Hey, what? Like listen to Justin. Listen to Justin. Explain being in that room with all the sprinters and they call you and then you go into the stadium and it's dim and then it opens up.


Oh man, that all that feeling, man. Remember that feeling unc man coming out the locker room? Yeah, the stadium. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, yeah, absolutely. That gotta be one of the best dealer, man. The, Can you get better than that? The Super Bowl, you walking out there and they're gonna getting ready to introduce your name and you're standing on the sideline and that stealth bomber ends up flying over at the end of the national anthem, anthem. And you see it and then it goes over. And then when it's past now you that rum. No, that was crazy. No, just, just thinking and visualizing that man, that's that, that gotta be the greatest feeling, man. Oh yeah. So what, how many more days?


We still got a week left, right? Because it doesn't end till what? Next Sunday. Next Sunday, okay. The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Mayers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it, so go out and buy some Oscar may fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Chobani General Mills cereal. Pete's coffee and coffee mate. For quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine ooo, ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.