
I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No Purchase necessary. BGW Group Void or Prohibited by Law 18 plus Terms and Conditions supply.


What's Good. It's Cole Wit And Eating While Broke is Back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Phone, thugs and Harmony, and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to Eating while broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by State Farm like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer Doesn't stop. And Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox cent viva's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit, your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply. The Volume.


The 82 Game preseason is in The the books. And it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Sportsbook app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and Over Age varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices viewed from your seat, the lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose the seat. The lowest price guaranteed or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap Olympic Style. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the legendary, the pro bowler, the all pro legend Samo Juco. Y'all know him from Liberty City. Chad. Yeah. Ochocinco Johnson. And again, thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, you are the reason we have become what we become. And, we thank you for it.


Make sure you check out My Shave by La Portier. We have it back in stock and I promise you, you will not have to wait a month, two months, three months to get your shipment in. We have it in o, we have it in stock and we'll make sure we flip it around and get it to you asap. Thank you very much Again, please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Sheshe Media and my clothing company that's 84. 84 is spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. We have a very, very special interview later tonight with Bobby Fink, who single handedly saved the US Mens swim team because they were about to get shut out for the first time in 120 years. If they did not win an individual gold medal, he saved the day with his world record winning time in a 1500 meter freestyle.


But first, the US women cruise past Australia to reach their eight consecutive Olympic game. This is the first time in Olympic history. The teams will face the exact same team. The men face France and the women will also face France. After moving Jackie Young into the starting lineup in the quarterfinals against Nigeria, Reve is stuck with that same starting five young Wilson Stewart, Naisha Collier and Chelsea Gray and against Australia Young for the third time in as many games provided a huge spark of our for the offense team. USA, she had 14 points, five assists and most, and she was very good defensively on the perimeter Ocho.


Look, I don't think anybody's surprised. Yeah. That the women are here. They really expected to be here. They've kind of cruised through this. We have, yeah. The women, look, we have the best women. You gotta, I mean, there's no international woman that's gonna crack the top five. Maybe not even the top 10. That's not the same on the men's side. Yes sir. You know, they have Nicola Yoki, you know they have Giannis Kupo, you know, they have, what's his name? Sha. Well Sha from Canada and they have Luca. So you know, you have four guys right there. That's probably anybody that's polling is gonna be in, in the top 10 players. And so that's the luxury that the men have that the women's not up against.


That's not to take anything away from the women. You still gotta win the game. And if we saw yesterday, I think the serves only have two guys that's playing professionally in the NBA and they gave the us who all their players are currently playing in the NBA all all of you. Exactly right. Hail gave them more than they could handle. But congratulations to the women. I don't know how much of this game did you watch Ocho A a little bit of it. Listen, not they dominated, they dominated the, the entirety of the game. They look really good. Obviously, like you say, they've been on somewhat a accrual control because there hasn't been anybody to challenge them yet. They were gonna win gold. That's what we said before the Olympics even started that there was nobody was going to challenge them unless, you know, they were just shooting crazy from the field, obviously from the three to give them a game.


And I I, I said myself, the only way that happens, if they happen to run into competition that shoots a fishing from the field, then the ladies will probably step up their play and win the game anyway. But right now, you know, as far as I'm concerned, they're going to be France. They're going to get gold and bring it on back Home. So when you look at a situation, they shot 50% from the floor. They shot 41% from the three, they shot 91% from the free throw line. Right. You had 31 ascent. You had turnovers. I'm sure, sure. Coach Ree won't like that turnover. But look at one point the game was what, 80 58 they were winning. You look at the numbers, lets you know there was really no struggle. Breonna Stewart only played 23 minutes. Right. Asia played 20 mil minutes.


Jackie Young played 20 minutes. Chelsea Gray played 19, Carl played 24. And then you even the reserves got in and played big minutes. The only one that didn't play huge minutes Yeah. Was probably DT and Ju Jewel Lloyd. But Khalia Cooper played 20 minutes. Kelsey Plum played 11 minutes. Anes who played 10 BG played 19, and Alyssa Thomas played 16. So there was really the I Yeah, there was really no doubt. You look at the rebounding, Ocho out rebound them 46 to 34 had 10 steals, had five blocks. It's almost It is, it is almost. It is, yeah. It's almost unfair. Sta statistically in almost every category, regardless to who they're playing, even when they're not shooting well still, it's like nobody has a a chance of, and it's probably gonna be like, it's probably gonna be like this in 2028.


It's gonna probably be like this because the big Guns will still be there. I mean, Asia Wilson will be back still will be back. Exactly. You know, you're probably gonna have another big Hmm. On the glass and, and, and, and, and Reese. Yeah. And you gonna also probably have Caly Clark, a lot of these, a lot of these young ladies Yeah. Will be back in 28. That's in, that's in four years. Asia can't be no more than 27. How old Asia? 27. 28. So if dt, if DT played DT is like 40, 41, 20 28. Yeah. Stu will be back. Yeah. The, the big guns will be back. And now you're gonna, and and a lot of these younger have gotten experience playing. You see Ka she has experience Jackie Young Alyssa Thomas bgs probably though.


How old is bg? BG probably what? Toward 32, 33. I don't know if she'll be back. I mean, she wants to mean you got, you got height. I know, I know. Chi China got that one. One young lady, she's 17. She's too young to compete. She's seven three ocho, Right? Yeah. 33. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, go Ahead. What wouldn't make wouldn't make no difference. Wouldn't make no difference. 7, 3, 8, 3, 9, 3. We coming home. True, true. But congratulations to the women. Eight straight final. I think they've won like 60 games straight in a, in Olympic competition. Nobody's surprised by that. We have the best players and they continuously show us that every time they go into meaningful competition and maybe losing to the WNBA all star served of the work wake up call because they've been whipping hell outta everybody since.


So congratulations to the women. Great job. Let's, let's finish the task now. Ocho, the US women won goal in the four by one Sha Carri Richardson pulls away, Hey, in, In, in style. In, in style. Pulls away in the anchor leg, the four by one. She didn't have to worry about getting outta blocks quickly despite the eliteness of the American sprinters. Melissa, Jefferson, Tanisha, Terry, tt, Terry, Hannah to Gabby. She needed to come from behind. And Yeah, We always, men and women, we were dressed to men of the men. Ocho, we always have the most horsepower. But the problem is, it doesn't matter how much horsepower you have, if the driver can't drive the car. Right. You talk To him.


That, and so we, it took, it took Sha. Careri did what Shaka was supposed to do, tracked down everybody. She got the baton and forth. And as long as it was close, Close, she come, she come And get you. Because it didn't matter who they had, I knew the, the, the, the Great Britain team, they had Danelle, Nita on the anchor leg. I wasn't really concerned about anybody else. And they kind of did have Right. Didn't have the best handoff between, but I knew Germany or anybody else, they didn't stand a chance. And with no Jamaicans, the Jamaican team in the field now, it was a wide, we were good. But she was in fourth with 90 meters to go. And then when she got the baton, hey, she like, oh, you thought you had That, huh?


Hey, listen, finish it, finish in style. Now, I'm not sure if she was looking at her competitors or if she was looking at that camera to the far right of her to let people know, you know, what time is she Looking at her competitors? That, that You think so. Bye girl. Stop playing. Oh, Okay, okay, okay. I I, it looked like she looked right at the camera. You know that camera, that's, That cameras weren't even on with them. Right. That's why I said, I thought she looked at the camera, looking at the camera like, oh, you thought, yeah. Okay. That, that was though. That's, that's how, that's how you finish racing style. Listen, some people won't like it. I enjoy it. I, I enjoy that. Make making it fun, making it exciting. That is entertainment. The entertainment value that track and field needs.


Because the exposure, you know, we talk about Grand Holloway. Grand Holloway was talking about some of the, you know, wanting the, the, the commercials and the ads and, and the shoe deals. See stuff like that is why she has the makeup, the makeup stuff, the Nike commercials. Like, you, you got to add that dynamic and that personality to you, to your, to, to your repertoire. And it will come. It's just hard ocho when your two big meets, one happened once every four years, and the other half of you got two of those and you got two worlds. So in a four year span, you really got three big events. Yeah. You got the two worlds and you got the Olympics. And so it's kind of, it's kind of hard.


Right. You could plant though. You gotta, you could plant those seeds now though. You could plant those seeds now with all the tournaments that you do have throughout the season, but they don't show Mind. Just imagine in the regular season, if in 16 games you only got a chance to see Patrick Mahomes eight times, or you only got a chance to see Joe Burrow. Because all these meets, everybody's not showing up no matter the Diamond League. So it basically, they're only showing up for the worlds and the Olympics, the big meets, they don't show up. Right. Right. So what am I, so how do I, how do I sell that? How do I convince the people to get behind it when no allows is not showing up. He's not, they're not going overseas. It's just too much. So is it, and I'm going overseas For what?


Ocho for 15 grand. They not, they. Oh, they not. Oh, they, oh, they don't pay good. No. Oh shit. No. Damn. So It just, it's just, it's just hard. I mean, it's, it's Right. It's sad. I mean, I, I mean, you know, I think people in the chat, I think we love it. We love track and field. I think people get behind it and maybe they just get behind it because it's once every, it's a once in a every four a quarter event. Right. But I like it. But I like it. The Americans have now won three of the last four Olympics in the one lap. They lost Tokyo. But since then we've been, we, we burned it up.


Our women very proud of them. Gabby won the, won the gold and the 200, Shari and Melissa Jefferson got, you know what they get. What did they get? They got silver and bronze. We got silver and bronze. Right. We got silver and bronze in a hundred meters. We won gold in in, yeah. In the, the four by four. So the women should be very, very, very proud. Sid did what? Sid did. The one, you know, the hurdles another world record. I don't think we've disappointed. I think the women have done very, very well. Yeah. We still got three women in the hurdle finals. And, and one of our ladies have the fastest time. So if we should, we should at least get on the podium.


Wouldn't be surprised that we snuck up there and, and got the goal. But Camacho Quinn is, is not to be messed with. She's the reigning Olympic champ. Yeah. But I, I like where we've, I like kind of how we position ourself. We still have the four by four men's and women. Go ahead. Okay. You say we still have hurdles left. What hurdle event do we have Left? Women? The womens 100 meter. Yeah. Hundred Meter. Okay. Okay. When is the day of tomorrow? Okay. Okay. And, we still got the four by four women. We still got the four by four men. Right. So we got, we got a eight. We got a guy an 800 meter, I think Bryce Hoppel, is it Bryce Hoppel or Hobbs? Kessler. A Devo, I think only one.


I think Bryce Hoppel made it. I don't think Kessler. Okay. Only one. Only one of our guys made it. I, I know that. So, but I'm, I'm excited. I'm, I'm very, very happy. With over a hundred, a hundred medals total. I think we're tied right now. Yeah. Yeah. And, we still got Men's And. we hop Hop. Yeah. Bryce Hoppel. We still got men and women basketball. We still got the four by four. We got both of those. So I, I like, kinda like And, we got the hurdle events left. So we still have an opportunity. Nobody's obviously nobody's gonna catch us for the most total medals, but I think at the end of the day, the Americans want to end up on top with the most gold as well as total medal. So that's going really well.


Congratulations to the, the women that's doing very good. We run a silver, oh, we got Syl bronze in the, what you call 'em. What show the 200 too. Brittany Brown. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We got, we Got, we we got a, a gold bronze and then we got silver bronze right. In the hundred meters. Yeah. So I, Hey, we, we, the women, the women showed out. The women showed Out. They did. They did. They definitely did. They did. Man, this, whew, we still have three athletes, as I was mentioned. Messiah, Russell, Elisa, Alicia Johnson, mess, Messiah and Grace Stark. So we got three women. You know, Messiah, I'm expecting at least one of 'em to get, you know, get on the podium. Yeah. You know, Messiah over there.


She run with my daughter. She at Kentucky with moca. Is she? Yeah. Messiah over there with Mo. But the Jamaicans, they didn't they, I mean, they didn't qualify. They did. They had a team. Did they have, didn't they have a team? But when you lose Shelly Ann Frazier, you lose Elaine Thompson Herra. Yeah. And you lose Eureka Jackson. I think Teal Teal Clayton I think was the only one. They, they didn't have nearly enough. It looks like Shelly Ann, this was her last Olympics. Elaine Thompson, her her body. She's starting to get a little older. Her body's starting to break down. Yeah. Ika. We'll see how that pans out in the, the worlds next year in 25.


But the thing that the, the Jamaicans do, they, and they've talked about it, they got a pipeline. You go, when you go to the, what is that? The Penn relays. And you look at those high schoolers, the Jamaican teams, they win the four by four. They win the, they went all, they win it all the time. Right? So they got young runners that's coming up. And it's a pride thing for them. It means a lot to them. Oh yeah. It, it means a lot. So it's kinda like, I guess they treat it like when you go to Duke or you play in North Carolina, right? How much it means the pride to say I'm a Duke Blue Devil, and you have that bond forever. Right? You look at all the great runners. Now, the women's had a longer, kind of a longer history than the men, but they've had some solid men as as well.


But when you look at the, the women, it goes back to Merlene Dy and Julian, Kurt book. They've had a run here Ocho last 40 years, the women have been very, very good at running Merlene Dy normally she's always around on that podium, be it the a hundred or the 200. She was always there. I mean, she was running fast times at 40. She was, she was an anomaly. Right? And then the men when boat, he just, They had, they had an unbelievable run when they were There. They had, for a country as small as Jamaica, they had about as good as run in sprinting as we've ever seen as Anybody. Yeah. As anybody.


And we've ever seen. Now, you know, the Americans, we, you know, we've won, I think we've won, like we've won the four by four in the mid four by one in the men like 17, like 16, 17 times. Right? We just can't get the stick around. We've normally with, since the Jamaicans, now you take the Jamaicans out of the mix, but we've always had the most horsepower. But right from running out of the zone to dropping the baton. It, it's embarrassing actually, Joe. Hey, what? Hey, what, what, what, what is that? I mean, you gotta think about it now. When I think about it, since 1995, the us we've suffered damn near about 11 baton areas resulting in Disqualifications, including two years ago at our world championship. What is it about us and not being able to pass a baton?


What I didn't understand, like You, you practice it over and over and over and over. And me thinking, even though I'm not a track runner, I envision that the steps, hearing and listening stick, knowing when to go, when a person hits their cer a certain mark. Like you, you, you, you play that over and over. You practice it over and over and over. Just like football. Just like football. You hear that play come in, you already, you visited, You would've practiced it all week. Practic it In your head. So I'm not sure, but we, we constantly, consistently mess up over and over and over. I don't understand what it is or what the issue may be. The nerves can't be that bad though. Oh, Joe, You had a situation.


Christian Coleman always leads off. He's probably the greatest starter. And you know, you look at him, Mo Green and Justin Gallin, but I would say Christian Coleman is the greatest starter in American Sprint history. He gonna lead it off. Good. We good there. Fred Curley normally runs second leg when they run the World Championship. Last year Fred was on second leg. Okay. The only thing that got left out was Noah Lowes. So why did you change the whole lineup? You left Coleman at first and then you moved somebody to, then you put Kenny Ric at the second leg. Why, why not keep, why not at least get the baton? Let's have a chance. Right?


Christian Coleman and Fred Curly, they worked together. Christian Coleman, Fred Curly, I think, if I'm not mistaken, they had Curtain Lindsey put Lindsey in there. We, we And, we flood, we, we, we, we, we keep messing it up. We keep thinking, oh, we got the most horsepower. All we gotta do is get it around. We can't get it around. If ain't nobody on the steering wheel, we Can't get it around. It doesn't matter how fast. I don't care if you got 9, 2, 9 3, 9 4, 9 5. Guess what? Right? The batons on the ground. I don't know. Honestly, I don't know what Kenny Barner was thinking. He left so quick.


Christian Colman wasn't even close. Ain't no way. He said that. That he left when Christian Coleman foot hit his mark, there's no possible way that happened. None. Yeah. You see how far he went? He and, and Coleman was like, well, damn bro, what you want me to do? Think he mis you think he, you think he misjudged it as far as his speed coming in? Understanding, knowing, knowing how fast Christian Coleman is, especially coming in. I'm, I I don't, I'm not sure if they slow down, but I know there's a mark on the track. I know there's a mark that they watch that they practice. And when Christian Coleman hits that mark, then you go, you Have to, I'm not sure. Maybe he, maybe he mis mis mis misread.


It mis I, I don't, I I I have no idea. But you can't make that kind of mistake like that because if that baton goes off absolute, we win the four by one easy. We all, with the exception of the Jamaicans, we were always, I mean, that's been our problem. The only, it's not like somebody's outrun us. Our our our our handoffs have always, we, you know, we bobbled the handoffs and, and, and, or we've been out of the lane or we've been out of the The zone. The zone, the zone. That's, that's been our problem. Because when you look at it, yeah. I mean the, the Jamaicans have had a run from oh eight to 16. Okay. We get that. But prior to that shit, nobody have ever, I mean we, you know, we finished this getting first And, we getting first or we getting gold and silver in the, in the hundred And.


we got a guy that finished fourth in the hundred. So we got the gold, the silver and the guy that barely missed the podium. Hell, you should be able to run a leg. And. we still at least get the silver. Yeah. Yeah. But I just, I, I, I'm looking and I knew it immediately. I said, Kenny, where are you going? Yeah, Ocho, you set the mark, you know the guy's coming in. That's why you set the mark accordingly. You cannot leave before he touches that mark. Do you think they put Kenny in? And Kenny hadn't even practiced a four by one with them. He was in the pool to mess up like that. Here's the thing, Ojo, once you, once you make the US team in the a hundred meters, you're there, you're gonna be in the pool because you, you've run a hundred before.


See, you have to run and see. That's why, you know, there's like, well, Noah wants to be on the four by four. Noah hadn't run any open four hundreds. Right? So you don't get to say, well I want to be on the thing and you haven't run. Right. Okay. Kenny has run a hundred meters. He's qualified. Yeah, he qualified for the Olympics in the hundred meters. So he's automatically in the pool. Well, you in the pool, but if you haven't practiced it previously before he got There, he's practiced. Okay. I'm ju Now this might be the first time, right? Because I don't remember him running prior to this year. I don't re many I don't remember Kenny Ari. Now I could be wrong and if I'm wrong enough, I'm speaking outta turn, I apologize. But I don't remember him running any a hundred meters.


So I just, it it's just, it's just embarrassing. It's embarrassing. Yeah. That you watching teams that you know, you are better than Canada, Better Than you we're better than Great Britain. All these South Africa, even Japan, China. Really? Yeah. Really? Yeah. All because we can't get the exchange down. It's, it's embarrassing. Kudos to those team that were able to get the baton around. You know, those teams, they practiced the batons. And Carl Lewis is, he was furious. Oh yeah. He hot, he was Theory. Yeah. I I I saw his tweets. He hot.


He said it is time to blow up the system. This continues to be completely unacceptable. It is clear that everyone at us track and field is more concerned with relationships than winning. No app should step on the track and run another relay until this program has changed from top to bottom. The Americans have not won a medal in the four by one since 2004. When Sean Crawford, Justin Gatlin, Kobe Miller and Maurice Green won silver in Athens. And they struggle with the baton too. That's why they got silver. Yeah. Damn. Because if you think about it, in 2004, Justin Gatlin won gold.


I think Mo Green won silver. Sean Crawford won the 2 0 1, the gold in the, and and, and the, in the 200 meters. So let that sink in. And we got silver with that. Yeah. I don't even know if Canada had anybody there. I think, I think did the grass make the finals in the a hundred meters? I know he made it in 200 meters, but he wasn't, he wasn't close to the podium. Yeah, I'm not sure. Think about That. Lewis. You got guys that didn't they, they're winning medals. If the Jamaicans beat you, like when Jamaica beat us, I what you gonna say? They got the gold medalists, they got the silver medalists and they got one of the three fastest men that's ever run the a hundred meters in the soccer. Powell. Nesta Carters run 9, 7, 8.


So I ain got a, I ain't, I I can't even complain if the Jamaicans beat you. But when you got teams beating you and they don't got anybody in the hundred meter finals, or they don't have, they have one guy that might be in the finals but don't podium. How the hell are you beating the team? They got two guys on the podium. One guy winning the gold in the 200 meters. Fred Curly is a world champ of the a hundred meters. He's won silver and bronze. Christian Coleman has won the world championship in the a hundred meters And. we can't. That's crazy. I'm What, what does Carl Lewis mean by blow everything up And start over? He's saying, y'all concerned about relationships.


Y'all don't wanna put the best place. Y'all just wanna keep the relationship with the coaches and everything. Cope is steady and it's not. Right. Right. It's it's, it's actually embarrassing. It really, it, it really is embarrassing that Ocho we haven't medal in 20 years in 20 And the four by one has been 2020. Jesus. It's embarrassing. And, and, and Carl is rightfully sold because Carl has one run on the anchor. You know, he, he, Hey, you just know.


Hey, just get it close. All you did is get it close call and do the rest. Yeah. Call and do the rest. Don't even worry about anything else. And and they've had, you know, whether it was Dennis Mitchell and John Drummond and Sam grad had Ron Bryant. I mean, it didn't matter. Just keep it close, right? This is, this is, damn, this is, this is embarrassing. This is, this is, this is embarrassing. Us had won goal since 2000 when they had John Drummond, Bernard Williams, Brian Lewis and Mo Green. So it's been 24 years. It's been 20. They won the gold.


They haven't, they haven't. Hold on. No, they haven't. Yeah, they haven't won. I think they got the silver, they got the silver in two in 2004, but they haven't won it. Okay. Since 2000 and damn. It's, oh, it's, it's embarrassing.


Mojo. It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like, are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, A hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Are you tired of your scented cleaning products? Smelling and cleaning like meh. Then it's time for an upgrade with the power of Clorox sativa with an uplifting scent that smells like coconut. Clorox sativa gives you powerful, clean like Clorox, but a feeling like being transported to a tropical island retreat. Imagine putting your phone on do not disturb, tuning out all the constant, just the feeling of warm sand in between your toes and a fruity drink in your hand. The ones with the little umbrella. Refresh your home to feel like an all-inclusive vacation by getting Clorox tiva also available in grapefruit and lavender cent at a nearby retail store.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart tlo Efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase QV ffc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/mo A brought to you by Argen X


Ocho. Great news. Yo nephew. America's Ride. Benjamin claims his first Olympic goal in the 400 meters Ry received the level of redemption after the order was reversed. You remember last time they run War Home ran that world record time. 45 94. Rod was in second. I think he ran 46 19. And then you have Alison Dos Santos who ran 40 46. 26. But he worked though this, I couldn't understand it. And you know, Ryan and I, we kind of, we text back and forth in the dm, but I was all, I remember talking to my brother, I said, spank, I can't understand it. You're talking about a guy that's a sub ten second flat, a hundred meter guy.


You're talking about a guy that's a sub 2200 meter guy and you're talking about a guy that's a low low 44 in the, in the 400 meters. Right? I don't understand. But for the first time he was in front. Yeah. And Warhol liked to take it. Warhol liked to take the pay out. He likes to go out hard. Right. He says I'm gonna right catch him. If you can, you remember that movie Leonardo DiCaprio catch me? Yeah. Catch me. Yeah. That that was a good one. That was good. His thing is original scammer. I'm gonna get out and I'm gonna make you catch me. Catch me. Yeah. As I'm watching this race, when they got to the top of the bin. Yeah. And he hadn't caught him.


And I know what I know Rod was sitting on something. Yeah. Go back and look at like Hurdle. It might've been Hurdle seven where he stumbled a little bit. Not, not, not Warhol. You didn't see where Warhol, where he stumbled a little bit when he ran 44 9. When he ran 45. Nine four. Did he stumble when he run those three world championships? Did he stumble? What did we say? What, what did we, what would the me and MJ saying they made K Shane Thompson run a hundred meters and not let him run 80. Yeah. Rod put him under the gun and says, okay, now catch me. Now you gotta get me. Yeah. Now you got to be perfect. Right? Instead of me being perfect to catch you, you be perfect to catch me.


Yeah. It's the, the three, two hurdles before the last when he, when Warhol went over the hurdle and he didn't, he didn't, he cleared it clean. But when he came down, he Lost ba he was off balance. He, he lost his balance a little bit. I said, yeah, it's a wrap. 'cause you're not gonna be able, you can't recover. You're not gonna be able to recover. And You, and you got, you got the fa four of the fastest RU four, the, the four fastest 400 meter hurdles ever. You have Warren Home, who's the world record holder? Ry is the American record holder. You got do Santos. And you had Aberdeen Samba from bar from cut. They, they were saying Cutter at one point in time. It's Qatar. I, let's see, let's go with Qatar.


Qatar, I told Aberdeen Ka samba. So you had the four fastest men that's ever been over 10 barriers around, around the track, Right? It was I know, I know, I know. I mean, I know Ryan's extremely happy. He text me talking about Unc. Y'all need to get at me nephew. We got you. Hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Unc. Hold on. Now, now, now when Rob, when he come back to the States now he gonna have to earn that now. So I done had to hop over plenty of obstacles in life. So them hurdles ain't gonna be nothing. Now we get out there, we can shorten it, we can go, we can go 400, we can go 200. We just, just put them hurdles out there. Now if you could beat me. Well, I, I'm gonna probably put my money. I Well, I'll tell you what, I'm gonna put all the money that I lost.


Yeah. I would put it onry to get it back because he's the condition, he's in prime shape. And you hadn't run like that in a very long time. So I would take by chancery. See, see now you sound like my teacher's in the high school never believing in me. Nobody ever believed in me. No, but see I know where you started from. I know where he's at. Right. So if you'd have told your teachers, oh, I could go out, I could go out, run such and such Right Now what you think he was saying? Probably the same thing. Exactly. See, it's, this is the thing. You don't get to see me run. So that's why you're gonna be surprised when I beat him. But okay, so we on to the next one. Oh, no, no, no. We, we good. I mean he's he's been unbelievable.


I can't wait for the world, right? Oh yeah. To come up. I mean, the world is a year away high. What, What, what, where the world's gonna be at. Are they gonna be in Budapest? Are they gonna be No, I think they're gonna be in, they're gonna be in China. They're gonna be in China, Japan. I think they're in some, they're in the Asian market. 20, 25 worlds. Tokyo. Tokyo. Yeah. Man, we, we go, we going to do Nightcap in Tokyo then. Man, I'm just, I'm I'm planting the seed now. I'm gonna throw it out there now, Jesse. Oh, you Planting the seed? Yeah. Somebody, somebody's gonna see this. Somebody that's a part of the track federation. You know what, you know, we want y'all to come out do Nightcap from Tokyo.


Oh, I would love to give us an opportunity to talk to the athletes. Obviously they're gonna have media. They have media obligations. Yeah. Normally NBC normally NBC covers the co covers the world. And, and, and I understand. Yeah, they have their obligations. But after they get that, Hey, stop by, give us like five or six minutes. Boom. Keep it moving. It is. Yeah. NBC. So it was great. Congratulations Ry. Congratulations. We swept it. It's not a, it's not been very often that we both won both men's and women's 400 meters. We know we got that historic race from Sid. But this was, this lived up to the billing going back and forth.


But Ry has been, Ry has been in prime shape. He's been in tip top peak condition. And actually he just tied, tied his world record time. His, his world leading time. He ran 46 46. That was the fastest time in the world coming in. He hit that mark right on the head again and it was enough to stand up. So congratulations to right to to Rod Benjamin and the, the Americans that we've been doing really, really well. I've been proud of our team the way, especially on the track ocho. We've been great. We've been great. Beautiful. Beautiful. Yeah. Out outside of a few hiccups. Yeah. World athletic president, hence at raising women's hurdle height af after Sidney's six times.


Breaking the record. Hold on. Whoa. You see what? Hold on. He's broken the record six times. What y'all gonna do with that poll vault record? Mondo Delan. He keep breaking. He's the broke the world record nine times. You see? Yeah. You see what they do. O Joe? Yeah. I, you see Yeah, most definitely. Do anything, do anything to make sure to put us at a disadvantage. Matter of fact, let him raise the hurdles. You know what she gonna come back and do you know what she gonna come back and do? Adjust, adapt you hold on and break it again. Does he she gonna adjust, adapt and break it again. Ojo, you do realize if you raise those hurdles, that world record that she set will be there forever. Yeah. You do understand that, right?


Yeah, most definitely. Most Definitely. I just want people to understand That they, they they, they understand that. Yeah. No they don't. I don't think they do because they think they'll be hurting sin. I'm not so sure it can go into effect. Now they might put it in effect, but I believe Michael Johnson believes, and a lot of other people believe that after the worlds that will be Sidney's last 400 meter race, any 400 hurdle race. Anyway. She's dropping down to the single lap. She's, she's wants to trace Chase Marina Coates 47 60, only two. She might Congratulations to Paulino, the Dominican runner. She ran what she run 48 17, which is the fourth fastest time ever run.


It's an Olympic record. Yeah. She broke Marie Jo's per record of 48 25 in the Olympics. Only two women has ever gone up under 48. People don't really understand that. Two women ran sub 48 on the one. That's crazy. That's crazy. Now can just imagine this, right? Just picture this Now look at what Sid is able to run. Yeah. When there's hurdles in the 400. Yeah. Now imagine what C'S time would be if you remove those hurdles and she just running on free will and spirit based on training. Well, she's five tenths off the American record as it is. She's run 48 75.


She's dabbled in the 200 meters. She's run 2207, which is the eighth, the ninth. Fastest time this year. She's had prior, prior to today she had like the second, a third fastest time. Now Paulino ran 40, ran 48, 17 Nassar ran what? 48 56. And then even the, the Polish runner, she went sub 49. She ran 48 99 to get the bronze. This is the, that was the fastest 400 meter women's, 400 meter in the history. Three women went sub 49. That's crazy.


It's the same thing. Yeah. They did that with the javelin. A guy threw the javelin, he threw it farther than a football field. 343 feet. Nobody, as a matter of fact, nobody's even come close. Right. So the record's gonna be there forever Ever. Yeah. So raise the barriers if you want a record and people like, well I ain't no chance of me breaking the record. What am I doing? It's like the, I think, I think it's the woman shot record. The woman shot record is so far out there. Ain't nobody breaking that record. Ocho. Right. Did she throw it like 70 feet? I mean yeah, she threw it 70 something feet. Hey, what the, the shot put record their ball.


How, how heavy is their Ball? I think their ball is eight pounds. Ocho. I think Eight pounds. Okay. Okay. What's the women's shot? Record. Record. That's a long, that's a, hey, that's a long way boy. It's just like the high school shot record. Michael Carter threw the shot 81 feet. Ain't nobody breaking that. He won the silver medal in the 84 Olympics. Yeah. What's the women's world record in the shot play? But when you, when you change it, you do understand these records are gonna Oh, that's like 70. That's like 74 feet. That's I'm sorry Ocho.


I didn't be, I'm sorry. I'm sorry guys. Yeah. Ain't no woman. Look what the women did. Hold on. The lady won the shot put today Ocho, she threw it exactly 20 meters on the last throw. How far is 20 meters? 66 feet. Give it to me in gimme in football yards. Gimme it to me in football yards. 65. She threw it 65 feet. That's seven below the world record. Give it to me in football yards. She's throwing the sh 75 feet.


75 feet. That's 20. It's about 25, 20 meters. It's 20 yards. It's about 25. 25 yards. Well that's good boy. Eight pound ball. Yes. Well that's far. I know ain't, ain't nobody breaking it. Right. Sid has the best chance now. Maybe Paulino, she ran 48, 17 maybe she got some push. Right. We'll see. But do you know you are gonna have to run the perfect race, get the perfect condition and get the right, perfect competitors to push you To get you to get that time.


47 60, it's been 85. There's only two women in the history of track and field. It's ever been under 48. Paulino just ran the perfect race and she ran 48 17. There's a big difference between 48, 17, 48, 17 and 47 99. Yeah. A whole lot. Yes. A whole lot. So go ahead and change the height and Sid's record my grandkids, grandkids, grandkids saying, ain't nobody ever breaking that. Just like ain't nobody gonna throw the, that javelin 343 feet.


They said it was going, they said it was going too far. So guess what? It ain't gonna ever happen again. I don't know. Has anybody has, has anybody ever, I don't know if anybody's ever been over 90 meters, let alone a hundred meters in the javelin. Right. But you can't get mad 'cause somebody is so, so, so what, when, when you saying was running those fast times, why don't you say, well you saying you gotta start three yards behind everybody else because these world records are getting outta hand. Y'all do realize the man went sub nine six. Oh that's ccra. Oh you know how fast nine six is? Yes, I do. Everybody, everybody else is already fast.


Nine six and on top of nine six he still starts damn near dead last. Oh that's crazy. 'cause sick, he done broke the world record six times. Sometimes a prodigy comes along. So, so what did they, so what'd they do with, with Michael Phelps? They ain't make the They did, they, they didn't make, did they make him swim in a, in a different pool? I mean, Kate Ledecky got all the fastest times in the 1500. Me. She got the top 22 fastest times ever run. Nothing.


Not see boy, they tried to, but they can't, they you can't stop greatness. Guess what? She gonna drop down, go take the barriers off the track and go win and go win the goal and, and in, in la in the 400 meters. And then what? And then I hit y'all with the deuces. I'm out. I'm out. I mean, 'cause what I mean, what else would she need to accomplish? See she's a two-time Olympic champ with the world record and, and the hurdles. She's a three time world champ and the, and the hurdles and she'll be an Olympic champ and the 400 meters. Yeah. No. Said she say, you know what? Hey Bobby, I think I do it. If you get them to alter this, I'll do both of them.


I'll do a double double. Ugh Man, there was a man, there was a Cuban, there was a Cuban guy in 76 Ocho. He ran the four. He won What did he win? Did he win the he won the 800 and the four and I think he won. I think he run, he won the 800 meters and the 400 meters in the same, in the same, in the same Olympics Gold. Yes. I think there was 76. Where the gon was it Gonzalez was was But He is from Cuba. I know he is from Cuba. But That's crazy. That's crazy work. What can you imagine winning the eight and four in today's Olympics?


No, it ain't happening. Yeah, you Huh? Who? You ain't gotta tell Me. No, I don't believe we'll ever see another man win the Florida two in the same Olympics. I don't believe we'll see another man, another female win. He won the 800 and the 400. Right. I don't think, I don't say we'll ever see another woman do it again. I think Marie per and what Michael Johnson did in 96, I don't think we'll see it again. You're gonna have to stagger it to give them an opportunity because that's four races. You can't have eight races in four days A span Ocho you gotta give him chance and Then you gotta qualify.


Yeah. And you, and you got to be special. Do you realize how special you have to be Yeah. To be able to do that. And like Mike said, he, he had been thinking about it because Mike first, when he was talking, he had won his first world championship in the, in, in the, in the 200. So Mike started out as a 200. But like he said he was splitting such great times. He like, well hold on, wait a minute bro. You running low 44, you splitting 40 threes. We need to put your ass in the, in some blocks. Yeah. See what happened. Think about how good he could have been had he just chosen one. Mm. There's a big difference now.


A the one and two is a, is a is a beast. Yeah but that devil, that two and that four Listen, that four ain't no joke. That four make a a man out. What? That's a grown, that's a grown man's race. Make you put your hand on your knees and shake your head. Come on son. My homeboy ran that fo. Yeah. Got another got on got for that man. By, by at the top. Yeah. Stop dead. His track coach said come on son, you can do it. He Walked off. All he do is he Sha his head said I can't do it. Go. You said I can't. Hey boy, that piano jump on your back if y'all ran track, y'all know what I'm talking about today.


Y'all know that, that when that bear and that p that throw that piano on your back. Listen, when you hit that 250, that that 250 yard mark, you think you feeling good and you get to that 250, that two 20, that two 50 and that monkey jump on your back. Sh Yeah. Okay. That they list that last, that last a hundred and some change be hell. Oh. All your form out the window Ocho All your form is out the window Without, without all what coach hall normally have you do. You didn't really get to pick what you did. Coach Hall. Like if you are a freshman he throw you in the mile. He throw you in the half mile. Right. I was like coach, I, you know my brother was a start team so I ain't run no mile.


He say son Right. You gotta run the three, you gotta run the back. In high school we had the three 30 Right Hurdle. Okay We got O ain't never ran them. Come on, you don't laugh o you don't laugh. O Joe. Coach y say sucker you gonna run the hurdles. I said Coach, I ain't, he said you fine, you fine. You can jump high and you can run. Yeah Man OCHO Bow. Oh you don't go well you don shake go. I figured die. Yeah I ain't got no far ocho. I'm jumping over that thing like I'm jumping over the fence like dog chasing me. I'm jumping over. Oh one leg. One leg At one leg.


Hey I look like jump man I look like Joe. Man jump man got a leg. Right, right, right. That's how going over the hurdles. But I'm good Ocho, I'm out there. Hey the dude that ended up winning the region ended up winning the region. I think he got second of the state. He in my heat. Yeah. So you know Ojo the first two, three hurdles I got it. I said oh. I said oh man I do. Oh I might Do so I can do this, I can do this Man Ocho man I got to the top of the bed. Yeah. Whew. What at the 200, 200 yard mark? No OI was good. I got to the top of the bed.


I probably had about four hurdles left. Right. I sure wish somebody would've moved those hurdles for me man. Ocho man my Sr and my butt felt so heavy. I feel like I had bricks in my ass. I said, so by that time Ocho, you know I'm going over Ocho you got, you know how you jump over something like one leg at a time and then bring the other leg? Ain't no wait. What you Man ain't no telling what I ain't no telling what my time was. I ain't even bother. Hey, you know, sometimes I think about it now my kids are older, obviously my daughter running track and I always, I always think about damn would've happened if it get to the day where she could actually beat me running.


Even, even if it's her events. Obviously if it's the four, maybe if it's the eight, like that would, that would hurt me so bad that I'm talking about, I, I think about it all the time. What she run baby mo? She run, she run the four and eight. Oh okay. She probably mo she probably beat you in the four. You think so? Hell Yeah boy. You tell your, you tell all your hamstring up trying to run. She probably can run, she probably can run 60 seconds. Six. Oh she way under that. Well you ain't finna run that. That's, you know what that I'm cur, let me see That's a minute.


You ain't Finn to run that. Can she run? So what's a 200 time I mean a two her eight, 800 meter time? Two minutes. 2 0 4. 2 0 5. 2 0 2. I'm, Hold on, I'm, I'm gonna ask where you at mo you here? Hey, you know what, now, now I'm cur now we got the Olympic Times. I'm curious. That's a, that's a, that's a good one. I, I wanna know, I wanna know. Yeah. Oh, What's your, what's your fastest time in all in the four? I'm just saying, just in general. Your fastest time. 7 53 7.


And what's your, what's your fastest time in 8 2 0 7 3? Yeah. All right, man. Unc say you Unc say you could beat me in the 400. Yeah. You ain't finna run? No. You ain't run to run No. 53 seconds. All right, man. Who? Man, listen. I mean, like right now, 'cause I'm in shape after, you know, you gotta think I just had a whole soccer season for three months, right? So I'm in shape. I know I can run, I can, I can open up. Dude, you, I, I played 11 v 11 on like, football field, soccer field, big, big football field right Now, I'm telling you, let's say if we, if, if I was to do a 400 right now, you the time it, I Probably, you ain't breaking a minute.


I probably, man, don't Oh, come on. Don't disrespect. You Ain't breaking a minute. I'll Probably, I'll probably come about 45. You ain't breaking a minute. Probably 45. I Bet. I, I'll bet you $5,000. You couldn't run 400 meters right now in a minute. You, you do know I'd be in Vegas in morning. Right? I Bet you, I bet you $5,000 I'll be in Vegas in the morning when we can go To the track. We can go to the bet. It Bett. Let's bet. Let's bet. Okay. Bet, Bet. I Bet that And you know, Hey, a minute, you know how disrespectful that is. Yeah, I know. I'm in shape. I'm in stupid shape. Yeah, apple is a shape. So is a pair they got to do, they got in to do with running.


Hey, Listen, you might, you might as well. You might as well cut. You might as well cut that too. Matter of fact, you know what I want? I want mine and one's too. Wherever you want club. I want, I'm going straight to the strip club in Vegas. Okay? A minute. That's like, that's disrespectful as an elite, as as an elite athlete. Still that's Disrespectful that you think and you had run. Okay. You gonna see back? Okay.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Are you tired of your scented cleaning products? Smelling and cleaning, like meh. Then it's time for an upgrade with the power of Clorox sativa with an uplifting scent that smells like coconut. Clorox sativa gives you powerful, clean, like Clorox, but a feeling like, ah, being transported to a tropical island retreat. Imagine putting your phone on do not disturb, tuning out all the constant, just the feeling of warm sand in between your toes and a fruity drink in your hand. The ones with the little umbrella. Refresh your home to feel like an all-inclusive vacation by getting Clorox tiva also available in grapefruit and lavender scent at a nearby retail store.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart tlo efgartigimod alpha and Hyaluronidase QVFC works by visiting vyvgart do.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A rt.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Now it's time, Ocho guy. Now it's time for our interview. OCHO and I had a, we taped the interview with Bobby Fink this morning. He's the world record holder in 1500 meters. Let's take a listen to the interview. Alright, Ocho, check this out. I told you we was gonna have somebody. Yes, sir. Especially this morning. The guy that's joining in this this morning, he's a two-time Olympic champ at 1500 meters. He's a one-time Olympic gold medalist at 800 meters, and he won the silver medal in the 800 meter in the Paris. He swam, swam at the University of Florida under the great Anthony Nest, and he saved the man because had he not won a gold medal, that would've been the first time since 1900 no individual man had won a swimming gold medal.


Welcome to the show, Bobby Fink. Bobby, how you doing? I'm Doing good. Thank you for having me, Man. Thanks. Thanks for coming on. As I mentioned in, in, in, in your intro is that, did you feel the pressure, there's already pressure to win a gold medal. You're representing an entire country. Yeah. And, we understand that. But for, for the first time and over a hundred years, had you not did what you did, the men would've been shut out of the individual goals. Did that add pressure to you? Oh yeah. I mean, I, I'm someone who personally likes reading all the comments and everything. So on our, on like the stories, like major news site, I was, I was going through like every article, reading every comment and everything and like, there's a bunch of comments in saying like, Bobby, you better be listening to like lose yourself on repeat right now or something because he's, he's a last chance.


I, I knew about the record going in before I knew how hard it was gonna be and, you know, I'm just fortunate enough I was able to get it done 'cause I did not want my name attached to that Right. To, for that to be go down. So yeah, we we got it done now. Yeah. What, what was it like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna start, you know, where it all started from. Obviously you grew up in Clearwater from Clearwater, Florida. How did your hometown shape your swimming career to actually get to the point where you are now? Yeah, I mean, so my mom grew up swimming. I have two older sisters who swam, both attended college, both attended Olympic trials in 2016. And, you know, I grew up younger than them.


I wanted to beat them growing up a bunch. And my, my mom's the one who taught me how to swim over in, over in Clearwater Beach. So I was kind of always growing up around water and I liked being in it. And then having two older sisters, you know, I bet you can experience the competitive sibling nature there is. And I grew up just wanting to beat him and once I did beat him, I wanted to get as far as away as possible I could from them, you know? And yeah, I, I think I've done that pretty well. So that's Dope. Michael Phelps, the great Michael Phelps, he really needs no introduction. He spoke very, very highly of you individually, but he said he was very, very disappointed in the men's swim team.


Now we know the French team, you get a kind of like when you have the Olympics in your home country, you kind of get a little bump. Yeah. Marshawn, he different. He ain't get no bump. He could have swam on the moon, he could swim in the dead feet. He could swim in the Atlantic Ocean. He's gonna be what he's, yeah. But do you think things are gonna be different in 2028 when the Olympics are gonna be held on home soil? Because it was, it was very disappointing for the men not to do better than what they did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, for sure. I mean, it, it was kind of a big wake up call call these past couple years for men's swimming specifically just because of how deep it has gotten, how competitive it has gotten, which is amazing for the sport.


You know, Mike Michael Phelps did amazing things for the sport and, you know, the, these past couple years it, it was a wake up call to us that, you know, world's catching up, we gotta do better. We gotta figure out some ways to, to be dominant again. And you know, 2028 I feel like is a perfect time to do it. Perfect time to, to show the world who we are and that, you know, we're still there. Team USA on top always, but, you know, a home Olympics, especially in LA I think it's gonna be really magical for us. That's dope. Are there any middle strategies that you go through to prepare for a high competition race? Especially like for one representing an entire country.


You, in Paris it's the Olympics. None of us have meddled it. All the pressure in the eyes of riding on you. Are there, are there any mental strategies that you do? Any superstitions? Yeah, I, I dunno if I really got, I call 'em like superstitions for me, but everything is really just how I prepare for the race. Especially over at the Olympic Village. The, i, I don't know if you guys have heard, but like the food was very controversial a bit. Food wasn't the best, but I had so much pasta, right.


Just in the days leading up, I was car loading like crazy and I, I hate paa around like I oh my God. But like in, in the day leading up to that 1500, a lot of it was motivation on how angry I was after the 800 when I lost, right. Because I, a silver medals great and everything, I understand that. But like for me, deep down, I was pissed after that race 'cause I didn't win and I needed that, that kind of fire in me to be motivated for the 1500 because I wanna stand on top of that podium. I want to hear the national anthem. I haven't heard of much all me and I need to hear it and I need to do it for our team.


And, you know, behi behind the blocks, I, I was just telling myself to stay calm, but the, not like the power is in you, but like, you know what to do and you know how to swim. You've done it a hundred times. It, it's really a whole mental game you're, you're having with your brain. It's just telling yourself that you know, you've done it, you can do it again. It's it's nothing new to you. Yeah. But when you, when you look at the situation and when you broke the world record, you really, and and, and you didn't get, normally when people break world records, they're getting pushed. You finish four seconds ahead. But I mean, What the hell? It's like you had a, like you have a motorboat and they had paddles and, and so I, I'm watching you and I'm, I'm seeing your stroking.


It's so smooth when you are swimming in a race of that distance, obviously, you know, you got the 50 meters and you got a hundred meters, you got the different strokes. But when you 1500 meters, there's a lot of time for you to be in your own head. Whatcha thinking about when you, when you swimming 1500 meters? Yeah, so I normally race my competition and I'll start behind them for the most part. Or I'll stay right next to them. So at like the hundred to 200, when I, when I had like a body length lead, I was kind of like, the hell's going on right now because it was just so abnormal for me. But I could kind of see the scoreboard a little bit when I was racing and on the scoreboard they would show the world record line, um-Huh.


So I was kind of mentally racing that the whole time and I was mentally racing. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. So I, I saw the world record line like three times during the race and that, that kept me going in the race so hard. But also like, I'm very aware of like what is going around me. So I knew Greg Ari, the Italian who was in lane five, two lanes over. I knew he started to inch up on me a lot. And same thing with Daniel Wiffin, the Ireland representative who won the 800 previously. I knew he started to catch Greg a bit. I was kind of peeking over there, but I knew as long as I stood or or stay ahead of Greg that I would be able to stay ahead of Dan.


So I was kind of keeping it bat mental. It's just like, just stay ahead of them. I don't have to be too far away from them or like Jo drop back to, to be at their pace. I just needed to stay right ahead of them. Right. And that, that was really a big mental game for me was just trying to, you know, be aware of where they are, even though they're behind me, make sure I have a safe distance from them. So that, that's really what I was on. When Did you, when did you pick up the 1500 meters? Yeah, it was kind of always, always one of my things. Okay. Just because, just because my sisters did it and that's what they raced and I wanted to beat them.


So that's why, sadly that is why I became a distance swimmer. I, you know, now when I look back at things, I become a sprinter all day just because it seems, Yeah, that's a lot of training. It's more fun, fun and kind of like more exciting. But being a, a distance swimmer, you know, it, it, i I did it for my sisters. Really? That's dope. That's dope. Listen, as someone who also competed, I'm not as decorated as you, but I did compete. When I'm from five years old to 10 years old, as a competitive swimmer, I always thought about what it would be like and I'm, I'm thinking about the memories that I had in competing at such a young age. So for you, looking back on your career so far, are there, is there a particular race or moment that stands out as opposed to winning Goal Gold?


You know, there, there is a race and it was back when I was 11. See, See I told you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yes. I was 11 years old. I was swimming the 800 meter freestyle and it was over at the Orlando YMCA, right off of I four in Orlando. It was our age group championships. I was in lane next to Matthew Hirschberger, who at the time was someone who was breaking all of the National age group records. Right. Fastest ever, you know, at his age for those events. And he, I mean, he was a year older than me, he whooped on me, but I thought, like when I was 11, I went nine 16, which I still think is really good to this, to this day for an 11-year-old.


For some reason that ratio always stood out to me. I was like one of my best performances ever. And I, I don't know why, but for some reason it, it, it was just, it was just always like, it was, it, it was like the first wake up call. I was like, you know, I, I'm good at this. Like I can keep doing this. Right. You know, and it, it wasn't a time that beat my sisters, but it was a time that like, at the time ranked nationally within 11 year olds. And it proved to myself that like, this is the route I'm gonna end up going on Bobby, like your 1500 meetings and you say you've always been in love with the 1500, mainly because your sisters did it and you wanted to beat them.


Yeah. But did you study the great 1500 meters that came before you? The Russian Vladimir Soff, you look at Grant Hackett, the great Australian Oh yeah. Sun Yang. The guy, his record that you just broke, did you study the great ones that came before you? And you look at the progression? I think this race was first contested in 1904 and I think the winning time was like 2248. Yeah. And here we are, we're already down to 1430 now. So when you look at the progression and where we've come from and look at some of the names that have held that, that world record, where do you, where are you trying to take this record to and what are you try and, and, and what do you hope to accomplish in the 1500 meter? Yeah. I cannot tell you how many times I rewatched Sun Yang's 1500 back from 2012, just in the backseat of my, my dad's car when he would drive me to practice in the mornings and afternoon.


I, I've watched that race hundreds of times. Like I'm, I'm not even kidding. I knew, I knew his stroke, I knew how crazy of a time he was. He was like 10 seconds outta the rest of the field in that race. And, you know, even, even one of my competitors, why Race a silver medalist was in that race. Greg, er he was 17 at the time and he got fifth or fourth. And ever since the Sun Yang doping controversy thing that happened a few years later. Hmm. Greg er kind of became like the distance guy who became, he got really close to that race and everything and I studied how he raced the entire time and he, he was someone who always took it out fast, but he has a horrendous stroke.


But, so kind of just looking at how those guys race. Cuson Yang was very conservative in the beginning and came back really hard. Greg Palari was just very fast throughout the entire race. Greatest pacer I've ever seen. Two different race strategies and two very different times. You kind of just gotta, like, what I ended up focusing on was trying to harness both of them a bit. You know? Okay. I really wanna be good at pacing. And I think I, I nailed it almost perfectly for me. This past 1500 that I did. I got the pacing done really well, I would say so. Yeah. Yeah. I got the pacing done really well, but I was still able to come home really fast and, and clear the, the rest of the competition, I guess.


And in terms of like taking where this record can go, you know, one of the, one of the like the worst feelings in the world, even after like breaking a record like that is that you feel like you can still do better during that race. Like, you know, like look back and like, wow, oh, maybe if I did that I could have gone like three seconds faster or something because I was, I was generally feeling really good in that race. So like 1430 was amazing to me, but for some it still stings me a little bit inside because I'm like, oh, I know. I could have found like another, like second or two in there to get under 1430. Right. Just because I was that close. But it, it, I, I mean, I wanna be one of the guys who brings this record down into the 1420s, maybe low 1420s and That's right.


Really ambitious. I, I guess because the record 20 years ago was only 1434, so it's only dropped four seconds within these 24 years. And to bring it down, I, I guess like 10 seconds is incredible. But I mean, someone's gotta be able to think it, to do it. And I know my other competitors are because we've talked about it. So, you know, you start thinking it, then the wheels start going and then the record's gonna end up going eventually. Yeah. Wait, when I, when I, when I listen to you talk when and I can, I can sense the competitive edge that you have and drive, you know, to want obviously to be the best. Do you, during your career, have you faced any obstacles or significant challenges or setbacks in your swimming career?


And is there a way that you had to overcome them or how did you overcome them for if you did have any? Yeah. Yeah. So I've been, for the most part I've been very fortunate as a swimmer, I haven't had too many issues. Right. The only the main issues I had was during college I'd fall off my scooter and like break my wrist one, one year. But you Broke your wrist for Real. Yeah. Yeah. I don't remember how it happened, but yeah, I, I got like stitches on my face and yeah, it, it was, it was a pretty rough crash, but Right, right. Broke my wrist, then had to skip out on our world university games, which was kind of sucky.


But for some reason when I feel like I'm hindered a bit, it kind of motivates me more because I, I was swimming the whole summer in a brace on my, on my arm. So When I was able to like, keep up with some of the guys randomly in practice, it would motivate me, motivate me a lot. Just because I was like, yo, I got like one arm here and I got like a sledgehammer. The other, I'm keeping up. Right. But, and, and like, what I'm finding is I'm getting older. My, my body breaks, breaks down a lot easier. Like this past year I like did something to my back. I don't know, I became like paralyzed for a week. It was kind of funny because like I get outta the pool, I'm just like stiffed back everywhere and I'm, I'm stuck.


Yeah. It, it's, it's become like a running joke on our team. 'cause the two guys, ki Smith and I, we're both the same age, but we're, our bodies are just breaking every time we're in a weight room, his knees are gone. My back's gone, my shoulder's gone. Yeah. No, I, I mean in terms of what I've heard from other athletes, right, getting like surgeries and stuff and like fixing everything, I've been very fortunate. Everything that's happened to me, I've just been able to treat with like rehab and stuff like that. I haven't needed surgery or anything like that. So I've been, I've been very good that way. I'm hoping it stays that way too. Yeah. Bob, When you look at it, when you, you are 15, you are a 800, 1500 meter swimmer and the type of Volume that it requires in training, what is a typical, how many calories are you eating in a day to fuel your body So you can get back in the pool tomorrow and do it all over again?


Yeah, I mean it, it, it generally ranges per day a lot of the time because it, it really depends on how tired I am after practice to be able to cook a meal or, or go out and get a meal, it easily over 6,000 on the high end, maybe close to 10 or nine, I guess it, it, it, wow really depends. Like I'll, I'll down like a piece and a half, like no problem at all. And that's like 3000 a Pizza. A whole pizza. Yeah. And like a little more sometimes depending on like if I'm eating with my, yeah, we get like, we get like two pizzas, so I'll eat one and then she eats like some of the other and I'll get her leftovers.


There We go. I like It. Bob, how much do you, how, how much, how much do you weigh? 7,373 Pounds and you somewhere between 6,000 and 9,000 calories, So Yeah. Yeah. I like it. What? I don't know why I can't gain weight, so I don't, I don't know. It's, it doesn't work for Me. That's, that's a great, that's a great problem to have, Bobby. Yeah. Can that, lemme ask you this. When you, when you, when you see these, when you see these, these prodigy, you look at Marshawn, Michael Phelps was a prodigy. K to Ledecky was a prodigy. Yeah. And there's a lot of expectations for them to carry it on. And then we look at someone like Missy Frankl, she burst onto the scene.


She was the darling. She was the sweetheart and I think she had some injuries and I think that's kind of what set her back. But how difficult is it to maintain that competitive edge when you're a prodigy? Michael Phelps, I think he went to the Olympics in 2000 or 2000. 2000 is like 14, 15-year-old. And then you see Ledecky, she does the same thing. How difficult is it to maintain that when you have success at such a cer a young age and then maintain that? Yeah, I, I mean it's definitely one of the most difficult things I think that can happen to someone in any kind of sport is you get so much attention at such a young age and depending on how you kind of like handle that, it, it can, it can really just make or break you, you, you'll be successful and then you'll never hear that person ever again.


Or you'll be successful and you'll continuously see them in headlines growing up and, and everything. I honestly probably harder than winning a gold medal just because the amount of athletes that are so successful when they're young and you never hear them later on is so high. Especially in the sport of swimming that it, it's, it's very unfortunate just because like they had the potential to be there, but seeing how they react to certain situations or, or how they're, they're brought up in their sport and everything like that, it really can change how they are in the future of the sport.


And you know, my Michael got it right, obviously Katie got it right, obviously, but like Leon's there now and a again, out of like all those young prodigies, there's, there's only three of them and it, and it was like those three. So a lot of it, it's, it's very impressive to me. And you know, I want those young prodigies to always do well every single time. 'cause it can be huge for all sports, whatever sport they're part of. But it's the, I don't wanna say like failure rate, but like the like drop off rate of, of what happens is so high. It, it's just, it's really unfortunate.


But I'm, I'm rooting for them every time I think the US swim team need to give Bob Bowman a lifetime contract. So you can only coach American athletes here, here's $5 million and and you don't, and you don't coach anybody else but American athletes because he has something in his sauce because he has films, he has ledecky at Knight. He has this young French kids Marshawn. Yeah. Nah, I'm not paying, I'm paying you not to coach anybody else. You don't have to work, you don't gotta coach any, the American athletes just don't coach anybody else. No. That, that, that would be interesting. I don't think he'd take it though. I I do not think he'd take it. Especially after the success you did solidly on.


Yeah. Yeah. That was crazy being there and witnessing the French crowd when he swam was like, it, it was magical. Like, I've never heard something louder in my life. Just when he would walk out on the pool deck. Yeah. And, we, we gotta pay him back. We gotta get somebody, we gotta pay him back. We gotta find some kid in Florida. I'm right here. Or some kid from the DM v up and Down Baltimore. We'll, we'll get someone in four years time. Hey Bobby. Out outside of, outside of swimming, do you have any hobbies or activities that you enjoy doing? I know we know, normally we know swimming is, is your respective craft, but outside of that, I mean there, there has to be something else that is your outlet.


I call it, you know, my peace. So football was, I did all my life, but outside of football, my safe haven and my peace was gaming. Oh yeah. Yeah. I definitely do. Definitely enjoy a, a lot of games, especially with the guys on the UF swim team and you know, back in the, back in the day before, like all this covid stuff happened, we, it, it was ping pong because we had a table tennis table in our, our team room. And for some reason it just became like the game. I'd be there for like two and a half hours before practice just playing constantly and like an hour afterwards. Just because like, you know, someone said some trash talks, so you gotta like go defend yourself. Yeah, yeah.


It was, in the beginning it was ping pong and then afterwards I, I started playing a lot of, a lot of video games with the boys. There we go. I like it. I like it. Bobby, what do you think the most difficult stroke in swimming is? See it swimming because there's so many disciplines and like so many different races. It's kind of hard to 0.1 out because like, the most, the hardest stroke to be good at, I would say is breast stroke because it's, I knew it, It's so technical and everything. Like you have an ounce of drag on you, you're, you're behind and I suck at breast stroke and yeah, I I hate it so much.


I'm so bad at it. But like physicalness raw ic physicalness would probably butterfly. Yeah, It would be fly. But their races are some of the easiest, which is weird, but like for a physical stroke butterfly would be the most demanding. But the races, there's other, all the other strokes races are harder. You'll get like more sore, more lactic acid buildup from other races, which is kind of, it's weird. Like something's a weird sport when it comes to that kind of stuff because like you, you ask someone who hasn't swim before to do fly, they're not doing it and, but you ask someone to be good at breast, they're not doing it for the most part.


It's, it, it's such a, it it's just such a unique sport in that kind of way. Bobby, you ask anybody that's not good at women to do any stroke, they're not trouble with freestyle, bad stroke, breast stroke, Man. The Only stroke they're gonna be good at is the rock stroke to the bottom of the booth. Bobby, I I just wanted on behalf of she Shea Media and Nightcap. Yeah. We're very proud of you here. I know my subscribers are Surpr are proud of you. I know the US is proud of you and to show you how proud we are of you. I don't know if you can see that. Can you see that in your screen? Kind of hold, Hold on.


So can we, Oh God. Hold on. We gonna break a little closer. We gonna make sure you can see here. I'm take my, take my glasses off. Okay. He gonna zoom in. My camera guy gonna zoom in. We gonna zoom it in? Okay. We gonna make sure you see this. I can't see. Can You see that, Bobby? Yeah. I, oh my god. You know. Yeah, I, yeah. Wow. Yeah. So We got, we got your information. Oh my God. Wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Bobby.


Now in order to get that, in order to get that in its entirety, when you come back to Florida, we have to race 800, 1500, whatever you wanna do. I'll do it. Everything you guys want, I'll do, I'll do anything. Hey, if you can beat me, it's all yours. Oh my God. Hey, congratulations though man. Congratulations man. Yeah. Get us something, get us something nice to McDonald's, but I'm proud, I'm proud of you bro. Congratulations. What you've been able to accomplish thus far. Stay healthy, good luck down the road. I mean, the world's the next year and then in, in, in two years after that you got the Olympics in la So we look forward to following your career.


Continue success, bro. And congratulations again on all your accomplishments. No. Oh, you, you got, oh, see, I probably know what to say you guys. Oh, wow. You, you guys are amazing. Yeah. Jesus. Holy shit. Hey, hey Bobby. Thank you guys. I just thought about Yeah, Bobby, you write in, you write in Clearwater, right? Yeah, yeah. I, you know, I live, I live in Miami. How far are you from me? About four and a half hours. Oh, so you, you more, you more like Orlando down, down that way, huh? Near Tampa. It near Tampa. Yeah. Yeah, I'm near, it's just because, sorry, I'm just, my brain is, Hey, I, I think it's just because of the way you have to get to Miami.


Right, right, right. Because you gotta like, not straight through the other Everglades, but you have to go to like Naples first and then Naples and then go. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I we, we'll, we'll catch up. We'll catch up. We gotta, we gotta, we gotta, we gotta get this. Yeah. I mean, you guys are already legendary in your sport, but you guys are legendary for this. But I, I can't thank you guys enough. You guys are No, thank you. You know, continue success and enjoy. And I appreciate you stopping by this morning. We appreciate you stopping by Nightcap this morning and look forward to talking to you down the road, bro. Yeah, no, thank, thank you. I i, I appreciate everything you guys have done for, for your sports and then obviously for, for the Olympic games this time, especially for the athletes.


Yeah. Is a, is a dream. This is a dream. And, and you guys are well a part of it and thank you. Thank you so much. Well, all right, bro, have a good one. All right, boss. Thank you. The Volume,


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


When you buy Kroger brand products, you feel like you're winning. That's because they offer proven quality at lower than low prices. In fact, we guarantee that you and your family will love how Kroger brand products taste or you get your money back. So next time you're shopping for the family, look for delicious Kroger brand products because they'll make you all feel like you're winning. Shop now in store or online. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels shows in so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from K craft singles, keebler, trike, Ziploc, and helmets for lunchbox surprises. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.