
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Brandon, I you looked like he right. They were saying he threw a a, a tantrum but he and Kyle Shanahan had a healthy conversation when Kyle told him to change his shorts and switch black to black IU eventually did after talking with Shanahan, but as you can see he did so reluctantly. I like the red on red. He trying to Match. There's no there's no, huh? Nah. Now when everybody else got on black, Everybody else got on black. What you notice ocho? Yeah, that is was never gonna fly. This ain't no tournament team. This ain't the Pro Bowl where you wear your own helmet.


This say nah, this, this ain't not what that is. I mean, but, but I don't get the reluctant ocho you don't, you look down at yourself like, damn, I'm the only one that got on maroon. Everybody else got on black and you thought you thought that was gonna be okay. And I saw people in the comments talking about, oh, is that why they're losing y'all? Don't, I can tell y'all never been a part of anything. Yeah, I mean it's, That explains it. It's a little, It's a little ni picky. But I understand what you're talking about. 'cause I, I've been a part of that. I've been, I've been a part of that structured environment where you, where you, you gotta, you know, dress the same, wear the same thing. Everybody's one listen, one band, one sound. It's a team Sport. Understand. Oh, I thought it was a Team.


I understand. But if they were winning, if they was three and oh, if they was four and oh man, Shannon head wouldn't care about them goddamn shorts. No, he we'll drive, But things aren't going well. Everything, If you six, if you six and Oh, could you do that in New England? If you could do that in New England, if you six and oh, could you come out there? Could quick about new, hey, you know the, what you call it? Yeah. A hey chat. Listen to me real quick. Lemme tell you something about Bill Belichick in New England. If you ever played football at any level, you know in the equipment room where they have the, the mannequin on how you're supposed to dress. You got the thigh pads and the knee pads and the short pads. Yeah. You had to dress like that for Practice.


Man bill ain't play that You had having thigh pads, you had to have a knee pads. You had to have your hip pads. Man, bill was tripping. Now, game day you could do what you wanna do. Man, bill had me out there like I, I was at Liberty City, Optimus or something had every pad, every pad in. It was so funny. And you had to have every pad in or he sent you back in. He's he sent you back in Mike. Mike was, oh, you was, however you play in the game, Bill ain't played that boy. Oh no. Yes. So because you, we were one of the first teams I got it from Ricky Jackson. Ricky Jackson was the first person I ever saw that had no thigh pads, no knee pads, no pad.


Ricky, Ricky pads were clean. And I was like, man, Ricky Jack did it. Hell I would do it. So we started myself and Ed and then, 'cause we cut all the, we cut the lining out and everything had holes all in the side. And then they started sending 'em to professional tailors. And that's why they looked like they was spandex. That's why they looked so smooth because we ended up sending 'em to the tailor and they doctored them like that. But ain't no way in hell, you are not coming out there. If, if Mike said we gonna have on this everybody, it's a team sport you going to have on that. I don't give damn you John Elway. I don't care if you td it didn't matter if Mike say we coming out there in blue shorts Want Yeah.


Alright. You bring your ass out there in the morning shorts if you want to or some grays. Nah, Mike ain't put, and Kyle is just like his dad. He was never, I don't know what Brandon, now you thought the moment, hey, I about had a on no show. But the minute I hit that door and I saw everybody had on black short, I'd have turned my black as right back around and went and got the black shorts. He, he, he had, he had him underneath. Because I already know how he Who they, the 49. If the 49 ERs Play tomorrow, I'm sure they do. If Brandon IU have a good game, he gotta have a good game because if he doesn't have a good game, They play Okay.


He gonna have a good game. They play The Patriots, He gonna have a good game. And if he doesn't they gonna go back It. And Mike still ain't gonna let come back there Guarantee you. Oh no. Oh no. I, I don't care how he go for 200. He not gonna dress my, if he doesn't Play Well, I'm just saying can see the media jumping on him about incidents. You, you, you know, you know how we are. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I said we Oh, oh, the structure structure is very, man, look, coach Davis would tell us, look, this ain't no alternative team. Ain't nobody, Hey, y'all ain't fitting to dress out here like this here. Right.


Somebody dressing like that. No, we ain't fit to do that. This is a team. We gonna have structure. We gonna have discipline. And when I say everybody, hey, oh, you know how the state work offense got a certain color Jersey Defense got a certain jersey And the, and the quarter got on his own color jersey. That Means now Mike would Oh Don't you touch him, touch him if you want to because hey, like Coach Davis say, Hey son, can you play quarterback? Well stop fing hitting that one. Oh, oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, but you understand hojo, you understand structure in a team setting. You don't want anything. Hold on, can you, Chad, what's up?


Chat. How y'all doing chat? Shit, I love y'all chat. Shit. Call me if y'all need me. 7 8 6 2 3 5 54 12. You know, I'm here for you. What the hell? And you know, and you know, you know what he look like You supposed to be in the bed. He look like Alf, remember Alf? What he looked like. Alf? Yeah, I do remember Alf. Hey Willie. Hey, You supposed where you up Ocho the game that it, it, it was football. It wasn't a whole lot. Listen, it left a lot to be desired. The Cowboys beat division rival Giants 20 to 15.


The, the Cowboys improved to two and two while the Giants fall to one and three again, the Cowboys win 20 to 15, Dak 22 of 27, 2 21, 2 touchdowns, zero interceptions. They ran the ball. They had 80 yards on 23 carriers. So there's nothing to write home about ocho. Let's not get over excited. The Giants Daniel Jones was 29 or 42 81. He had interception at the end of the ball game. Didn't really matter. They had 24 attempts. Yeah. For 26 yards. OCHO Hey, But Ocho, when I look at this game, there were like three throws. Yeah. That if, if that's other, another quarterback, the Giants probably win this game. He had neighbors, they ran a tremendous route, had digs beat and he was behind hooker.


Yeah. Yeah. And he hung the ball up. Hold on. They knock it down. He had Slaton on the gold ball. Slaton on the right. Yes. On against a young Boy. And Ocho you remember they had a d they had an end and, and, and people like, well, he should have caught the ball. But I'm not getting into it with people that never caught the ball for a living. So you and I about to have a conversation, right? Like when I put my foot in the dirt and I'm driving directly back to the quarterback, I'm expecting the ball to be here. Or if it's low, I can get my body on top of it. If he throws it outside of my body, if it's high, I'm expecting the ball to be right between my numbers or my eyes. I can catch it like this. Right. If it's high and outside, I can do that.


When he throws it lowing outside, now I got to, I got to die for it. Yeah. If the ball doesn't hit my hand, it's probably gonna hit here. And if it hits any part of this, it's gone. It's, it's incomplete. It's gone. Yeah. It's gonna get away from you every time. And That's what I'm trying to explain. Yes. And if he has pressure, I could understand if Daniel Jones had pressure, but he had no pressure on that, he has to step and deliver the ball is two or three throws in this game that got away from him. That's the difference. Because they're not good enough right now, Ocho to overcome those types of mistakes, those kind of miscues. Right. If you're like, you know, you Kansas City, you one of these better teams, you could overcome something like that.


But as you go along and you play better teams, even then you won't, you won't be able to overcome it. But people don't understand. People think, well, here's hands bro, stop it, stop it. It's just not, I know y'all done hurt. And everybody say, if it hit your hands, you should catch it. Well, if you didn't catch balls for a living, and a lot of people that talk about it didn't catch balls for a living, stop, pause, Stop. Okay. Yeah. Hey, listen, it's, it's a very difficult catch for those of, for those of you that, that don't know, to have a err throw like that when you're trying to drive back to, to the quarterback and he throws it away from where you're going to and you have to adjust your body. It's, it's a very, very difficult catch.


Yeah. And there now, now there are some receivers who can probably make it, that are natural pass catchers of the ball. Yes. Natural pass catchers can probably adjust and make that catch. But for most of, most of the receiving the league, it's a very, very difficult catch. Again, unc like you said, you're not gonna win games like this. If, I think if the Cowboy, the Cowboys didn't look that good tonight. I think they looked, they played decent. And if it was any other team outside of the Giants five, five of the field goals, at least two of those, or maybe three of those might've been touchdowns and the game would've been different. Yeah, I agree. The game would've, the game would've been different and another team would've won. But the Giants, listen, Daniel Jones has to make some of those, some of those throws.


The one in Malik Nabors should have been six. The one that Slaton should have easily been six if he hadn't underthrown it. Those, those, those were layups and You Can't miss them. If we can get, if we can get some consistency at the quarterback position in New York with the weapons he got, they will be fine. But right now, you know, the, the, the, the quarterback is costing him a little bit. He, he cost him a lot of bit. He Get down in the red zone, He cost him a lot of bit because Ocho the thing is they're not good enough to overcome that. See, the thing is, when you, when you're challenged offensively, you have, I've been in a situation, I played on the 2000 Ravens.


We were challenged offensively. Yeah. But what we did, when we got you in the right defense, we had, you were in the wrong defense. We had the right play call. We punished you. We had to because we couldn't miss throws because we weren't that good. Oh, we weren't the ni we weren't the, the the the 98 Minnesota where they had Chris Carter and Randy Moss and all those guys. We weren't the Patriots. And, and and what it was, what was that oh seven, we weren't the Bronco. Yeah. In 2013, we weren't that. So you have to understand who and what you are and when the opportunity presents itself, I just remember like, look, anytime somebody made a mistake, we had to make them pay. And if we made a mistake, Brian used to always look, if we make a mistake, let's just make sure we hold onto the ball.


If somebody whips a block quarterback and you get hit flush, just hold onto the ball running back. Right. If somebody, if, if somebody get whips, just make sure you hold onto the ball.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Now on the flip side, Ocho we catch you in the wrong defense. And, we got the right play call. We've gotta hit our head on the goal post because I, because every time we're not gonna get that many opportunities and we're not gonna go out there and score 30 points a game. It's gonna be a nip tuck ball game. We make one or two plays and we're gonna turn it over to our defense. Right. That is the way the Giants are, the Giants are not good enough offensively they can't run the ball well enough. Their quarterback is not consistent enough. Malik Neighbors is, is is going look fantastic. I like Ell Robinson Slate. Slaton is what he is. So, but I, I think, I think he's he's good enough. But the quarterback position is not, you can't miss those bros.


They're too routine. They're too routine for you to miss and you're not good enough to overcome them. Yeah. And and also the rest need to get outta the way. Huh? That, that first half, Oh, that wasn't no face. They called face masks on the wrong damn guy. Man, listen, they had, they, they threw more yellow flags boy, more Yellow flags and Big Bird guy, fellas, you hear me? The rest were all in the way of the game in the first half. I didn't, I didn't know what in the world was going on, but other than that, listen, it was, it was, it was a snooze fest. No disrespect And. if you look at the Cowboys schedule, I think the Cowboys next three games, like they're gonna have to play better than the game night.


Oh yeah, I know. They won the, it feels good to be at 500 going into week four. That is, that's, that's, that's a good thing. It's a positive thing, you know, to be above 500 or at 500 for that matter. But it's not gonna get any easier. No. It's not gonna get any easier. No, I I just think the thing is, is that when you, when you are in a situation like the giant so show when you're challenged defensively, I I don't think their defense are world beaters, but they'll play, they play well enough. You know, I I I love Thibo, I love Lawrence. I think, I think there was a father Player, Ryan, I Secondary Well they gotta get his dory back. A dory Dory Dory's hurt right now. And they got some other pieces that that, that are out right now as far as the secondary is concerned, once they get them boys back, I think they solid, you know, they, they not the best deepest in the, in in the league, but they can play some goddamn good ball.


Especially with that front. You know, they got up there with Dexter, Lawrence and, and Brian Burns. Yeah. Burns, yeah. They can pressure the quarterback. You got rushers. Lawrence can collapse the pocket from inside. They, they're, they, they, they're decent. I think their, their front four is the strength of their defense. I think that's, that's where they're gonna, you know, make their hay. That's where they're gonna, that's where they're gonna be like, okay guys, we we've got to win up front in order for us to have a chance at the set, you know, the, the linebacker court and the back end. Right. But we have to do what we, but at the end of the day, your quarterback can't miss their throws ojo. He just can't. Yeah, I'm sorry. And guys, I don't, I don't, you know, I'm not trying to, you know, it was 2015 and maybe y'all take Constellation in that and see the thing is with me is Ocho, when I look at a game, I don't watch the sound.


I'm not looking at Right. They scored a cuts down. Yay. I'm looking at why you score. Okay, the ball is incomplete. I'm looking at why it's incomplete. I'm looking at a situation that's a coverage. I'm like, bro, what, what? Why in that coverage you have to understand he knows well, like, and people got mad at me. I was like, bro, I understand that's court. Well if aj, but that wasn't aj, you know, that's not aj. Right. That first of all, Devonte is 60 pounds less than aj. So even if AJ collides it, yeah, it's gonna be incomplete. That's not right. Devonte game is not physicality, it's finesse. Right. You have to understand that. And in that situation that down in distance, that area of the field is about physicality because you're asking him to cross his face or collide him.


Because the one thing you don't want happen at the best thing is that you score touchdown. The second best thing is incomplete. The absolute worst thing is what Ocho an interception and they got the absolute, there were three things that could have happened and they got the absolute worst. Yeah. So when I look at the situation I'm looking at, I'm telling you, if Daniel Jones make two throws tonight, the Giants win this game. Yeah. Oh yeah. That either that won the neighbors or that won the slave. That won't, that won't the slate and should put the nail in the coffin. That one the Slaton should have put the nail in the coffin. You talking about winning bad at the line? Not only. And then he gave a little d Jojo he had buddy about, then he gave a little d he got a little more separation.


Man, he gonna look at film. Daniel Jones will look at film. The receivers gonna look at film and they gonna be upset. They gonna be, the coach is gonna be upset 'cause they know that's the game they could have won. If, if not only listen, we, we score five field goals. All right. That'll get you beat. But the fact that you miss the throws as well, on top of only scoring five, getting, getting five field goals, that ain't gonna mean no game. No it is not Ocho It's not like you barely in the red zone you way down there you way, I mean you in the five, you at the five yard line. And look, they, they had a great play called the over, what's his name? O over Sean made a great play. They had a play to Ronell Robinson.


They, they, they, they put him in motion and they swung him outta the backfield. And he has to come from his inside linebacker spot. And he has to make a play on the wide receiver tip your hat to him. He made an unbelievable play because son, look, you gonna have one on one. That's the guy you gotta beat. You either run his ass over or you gotta make him miss. Those are your only two options. Right. But you can't let him tackle you in the open field. That's what they say. I'm, I'm, I'm telling you what they're telling him. Having been in situations like that, having been in offensive meeting room and saying, look, that's the guy. You got two choices, you run his ass over. Right. Or you make him miss, those are your only two options because if you do one of those two things, the ball's in the end zone. Other than that, we gotta kick a field goal.


And what did they do? Yeah, they kick the field goal, give overs Sean credit. Okay. He made an unbelievable play. Unbelievable. But you've got to, you've got, especially because the cowboy, if the Cowboys are settled for two field goals, you right there with 'em Mocho. But they kick, they got touchdowns. Right. So now you got, think about it, you got four field goals. They got two touchdowns and they're in front by two points. That's it. Then they kick the tackle on another field goal. Now you need a touchdown to take the lead. 'cause a field goal won't happen. And that's the, and that's what I'm telling because you have to look at the game. It's like, well damn, we kick we kicking the field goals. They, hey, they got two touchdowns and they get, they got us.


They, they, they, they got us right now. But in that situation, man, Daniel Jones just, he has to make those. He just has to ocho he has to. Yeah. In order for the jack, Any level success, listen, listen. If not both of them make one of them. If not both of those throws make one of 'em. 'cause one of those throws both are touchdowns, but just make one of 'em. And the game is completely different. Yeah, I Agree. Completely Different. I agree. I agree. That's, but that's the, that's the difference in the ball game. 'cause you look, like we said, there are a couple of plays here or there. It's not the totality of the game. Yeah. You can look at it and say, okay, it's 60 minutes in the ball game, but when you go back and break it down like we have for decades, you go back and you're like, okay, this might've been the playwright here that could've broke the game up for us.


That could've swung the momentum in our favor. And who knows what happens after that. But we got to make those plays. Especially if you are as challenged offensively as they are. And the Giants are challenged offensively. Right. They don't have anybody that put fear in your heart in the run game. 24 carries 26 yards. That's not striking. Fear in nobody's heart. Neighbors is, is, is is is legit. He legit Wonell Robinson, you can win with Slaton. Yeah, he's okay. He's hit or miss. Yeah. I mean he he can light you up for a big day and then some days not so much. But I, they leave a lot to be desired offensively. And when you leave a lot to be desired offensively, when your opportunity presents itself ocho you by, hey, it's like a situation where a guy, you might only be in the room with this, this good looking woman one time at some point in time, you gotta find your way to make your way over in her vicinity and get her attention And you better and you better make the most up your opportunity.


You never know. You better make the most up your of your opportunity. Exactly. Because you, and don't wait too long because why you over? Should I? And next thing you know, somebody else don't walked in there head up to talk to. And now you like, damn, that's I blew my opportunity. Yes. Yes. And so that's how you have to approach it. If you're, if you're the Giants, the opportunities are not gonna be there often. But when they do present themselves, you make sure you are in position and you make that play. So the Cowboys move to two and two, they get 10 days off. Now they play again. They don't play again until the following Sunday, if I'm not mistaken. 20 to 15. They went over the Giants go to two and two, both of their wins on the road, both of their losses at home.


The Giants fall to one in three and they're ING two at home. Who, wait, what's, what's the Cowboys got next? I mean, they got three hard games in a row, don't they? Who they got? They Got the Steelers. Who, who they got after that boy guy. Hey, Guyton got dealer guyton. Well Guy on Lion left Tackle Niners, Falcons Eagles. Oh shit. Oh my God. And then the detectives, that's Five in a row. But that's, Hey, that's the six game gauntlet right there. Yep. That's they, that is the six game gauntlet We're gonna find.


I remember we when now we with the Broncos, Mike would always tell us win, lose or draw looking at the schedule. And, we took it one at a time. Right. Said we're gonna find out a lot about ourselves over the next several weeks. We broke, I mean a lot of times Ocho we did, Mike would have the board blacked out. So the only thing you could see was the next opponent. Right. He said it's a 16 round fight. Right. We gonna take one round at a time. So I mean obviously, you know, you can look at the paper, you see the schedule or something like that. But on the board, when you walked in, the only thing you saw was the opponent you were about to face. He didn't want you looking down the road. The most important game on our schedule is happening Sunday.


It's happening Monday night. Yeah. And it keep you focused, he said, but we're gonna find out a lot about ourselves. Oh, okay. I like, I like finding a lot about myself. I like finding out I am. Whatever I say I am. If I wasn't, why would I say I am? That's what I, Hey, I, I needed to, I needed to know. I thought I was pretty good. But the po, the team that we playing, they got a Pro Bowl all pro safety. They got Pro Bowl all pro corners. They got Pro Bowl all pro ball linebackers. Okay, Shannon, you talking about you the best. Hell yeah. Show me. And when I leave this game, they gonna say I'm the best too. I'm the best foot, I'm the best tight end and I'm the best edge talker for sure.


Oh man. That's what you miss. You miss that how Ocho? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You can know that. You know that. You know. Listen, I talked with the best of 'em now. I talked with the best of 'em. I didn't wear a mouthpiece for a reason. I Didn't either. People like, man, you don't wear no mouthpiece. No man, I ain't got time. I done put my pan in the dirt. I done slapped dude on his back. I done slapped him on his ass at my good job. And you think I'm about to reach in my mouth and pull my mouthpiece out? I wish I might. And plus I didn't wanna take time. Put hold up. No. I just wanna be talking on cue. Shut the Yeah, I'm if a o site whatever, whoever shut up. I wasn't even talking to you, but since you ran your mouth, I'm talking to your, you know what, now you going, You gonna get it too


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker On every season of my podcast against the rules. I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Chad, if you saw American gangster, the Dallas Cowboys and Blue Magic, you ain't got to do nothing to it. You ain't gotta do nothing to it, just sell it as it is. It's gonna sell itself. Come on Jerry. Somebody might get a little bit more credit because you think about it, if you look at the nineties, what did they talk about? They talked about Jimmy and the triplets. Yeah. Nobody mentioned, nobody mentioned Jerry. Even though, even though once Jimmy left, he was yaking. It was the triplet. Yeah. It was Troy, Emmett and Michael. Right. When Jimmy was there, it was Jimmy. How about them cowboys? Right. Jerry despised that because he saw Al when you played the Raiders.


It's always been Al Davis. It's always been about al it's kind like, and, and the Yankees before Mr. Steinbrenner passed, all those great players, once he purchased it from CBSI think in 73 for like $7 million. It's all, it was about George Jerry learned how to be an owner from Al Davis. It was always about Al. And that's what Jerry wants. He wants that attention. Yeah. Most owners, Mr. K Craft, you look at the Rooneys back, they, they, we good back here.


Edit the bar though for the 49 ERs before his sister. Now Jed York and them had, the York family has it. They in the back right? Clark Hunt. Yeah, Clark before his dad. Yeah, before his dad. Mr. La rest his soul. Lamar, I played the chief when his dad owned the team. I mean, you didn't, even if you don't, if you didn't know Right. There's something when the owner is the centerpiece of your franchise, there's something to be said for that. Yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Hey, listen, I don't, I don't think they will see success until things change. And I'm sure Jerry's not gonna step down because he's always, he's already made the comment that who can run the team better than he can.


Well obviously he might be the issue because they haven't been back to the Super Bowl, what, the last 25, 27 years. I'm not sure what the number may be, but it's one thing about him, he's a great salesman. Oh yeah. That's why the, why the fans and the city, everyone continues to buy in because he gonna sell. He gonna say your dream now, Man, Ocho, they killed Jerry. Say They killed Jerry. The Chad, they said, Jerry be taking that. It's a game of inches. Literally, man, y'all get outta the come on man. And that's a good One. Yeah, but that's a right. You, you right Ocho you're absolutely right. This is what, you know, this is what Jerry wants. Jerry's like, anytime you're talking about the Cowboys, be it good, bad, doesn't matter you talking.


Oh Yeah. Long as you talking, that's maybe that's the guy. That's the damn problem. Like, like I said, I, I played with Mr. B, Mr BAI mean, before, like early on Ocho, he'd be on the sideline. He have his fur, his fur coat on his mink or whatever the case may be. Boom. In the sideline, Mr. Mode stood in the back. The only time, the only time Mr. Mode. I was there two years. Now I don't know what he was like before I got there. And I don't know what he was like after I left. The only time right in the locker room, Mr. Mode spoke after we won the Super Bowl, he broke down and started crying. He said, I'll never forget what y'all did for me today.


He said, I'm proud of you. He said, I'm very proud of you. Now I, he said, I'll never forget what you did today. That's the only time Mr. BI don't recall Mr. B talking in the locker room. And I was there, we went back to back Super Bowl. I don't remember Mr. B talking in the, in, in the locker room. Right. But I, I guess go ask the Cowboys. Can they remember a time Jerry not talking in the locker room? Yeah. When Jimmy was there. Why you think Parcells left? Yeah. Be listen that, listen. Bill Parcells and a lot of people, I see a lot of people talk about Bill Belichick taking a job in Dallas like you talk about.


I don't, I it it wouldn't work. It wouldn't work. You know, bill Belichick is no different than Bill Parcells. Like all that, all that talking, the two, the one number one thing, being a part of the Patriot Way is some, one of the things that Bill Belichick des despite is, and you cannot do, you cannot talk to the media. You can't, you giving don't tell say nothing short and sweet to the point. Don't talk, don't give don't give a team any bullish board material. And you think Bill be Belichick is gone to the Cowboys to have Jerry front and center every goddamn time. Yeah. Ab absolutely not. What other owner in the NFL what other owner in any sport has a, a radio show?


Oh 1 0 1 0 5 1 0 3 0.5, something like that. Yeah. Him, Jerry, that's my point. You gotta, you gotta be heard, man. That's it. It's, you gotta be heard. 'cause here's the thing. Let's just say for the, let's just say for the sake of argument, big Coach Belichick says, well, I don't really need to be the general manager. Okay, we can see that. But he says, Jerry, these are the type players. I'm, you do know if Coach Belichick comes in there and he makes changes, that's an indictment on Jerry, right? Because Jerry believes the players that he had are exquisite. Coach Belichick comes in and says, I need this type of player. Right? Oh, Now what? Now what?


Yeah, now we got a problem. Before the, before sport even started, the show didn't even start yet. They, the the credit. Listen, not, not the credits, what you call it, what you call it What? Come on Before the, before the movie. Come On. Oh, the preview. Oh yeah, the preview, the preview's on. They ain't even getting, they stood in the previews and they already buttoned heads Ocho. But here's the thing. If Coach Belichick comes in and the Cowboys get to and win the Super Bowl, who gonna get the credit? Oh, you know, bill. Oh, you know, we talking about Bill winning His eight, the one thing that Jerry despised, that's why he ran Jimmy off. What other coach, you know, will run a coach off after back to back Super Bowls, considering they hadn't won one since the seventies.


So they hadn't won one in damn this 20 years. And the coach that comes in, they give you back to back and you got a 25-year-old Troy Eggman, 25-year-old, a 24-year-old Emmett Smith, you got a 26-year-old Michael Bert. So you got those in guys in the absolute prime. And you say now the guy that got this, nah, you gotta go Ego boy, ego pride, you know, and, and listen, your pride fall first before everything else. Dude, I think the greatest thing that's ever happened was what we saw in New England. And, we might not see it again because Mr.


Kraft set his ego aside and for the longest time, Tom and Coach Belichick set their egos aside. And then Right, right. Somebody started listening to the noise and said, who deserves more credit? And then all of a sudden somebody, Tom did not wanna leave New England. Tom wanted to be a one-year old guy. He wanted to be that. He deserved that. I mean, some people deserved that opportunity. Like Coach Smith, North Carolina. He deserved to stay there. As long as he didn't get involved in a a, a scandal, he deserved to be there. Right. Coach k at Kentucky Coach Summit at Tennessee, there are certain coaches, coach Bryan, Nick sat certain coaches because they've, they've been exemplary on the field and in the community.


Right. They get to finish on their terms. Tom Brady has been everything. The player he, he was supposed to play. And this is the one time that Mr. K Crossbo had to put his foot down and say, Billy, that's what he calls Coach Belichick. Billy. Yeah. I ain't gonna do it. I ain't gonna do it. I'm not, damn, I'm not. Because he said Tommy was like a son to him. Yeah. The value in that franchise was because of one two. Yeah. He gave his mom a Super Bowl ring.


Family members don't normally get Super Bowl rings. I gave my brother my Super Bowl ring because it meant more for me for him to have it than it ever would to me. Right? Mm. That's laugh. So, but no, Tom was supposed to be there for perpetuity. Tom's supposed to, Hey right roll. Hey, if he got a motorized scooter, a cane or walker, right. But not, he's supposed to have been there. And for whatever reasons Coach Belichick thought it was over and, well, it started way before then. Don't Joe, it started way before then when Jimmy G and Yeah.


Was there. Yeah. And the guy wrote that article, Seth Wickersham and somebody else, mark Fatal Ada or somebody else wrote an article about the power struggle that was starting to happen. Mr. Krab put his foot down and say, you will trade Jimmy G he basically gave Jimmy G away to the 49 ERs. He adores Kyle Shanahan, he has the utmost respect for Kyle's father, Mike Shanahan. So he is like as a, basically an f you domestic craft. Well, I'm gonna give him away. I mean, listen, I mean he was, he was gonna be next in line. He was gonna be next in line. And I as, as as the franchise quarterback, I don't want the person who is next in line my successor to be looking over my shoulder because at any point when I'm not playing well or as good as I should be based on what people are used to seeing.


Now y'all calling for Jimmy G to be the starter man, y'all gotta get him up outta here. But even though, even look, You gotta get him up outta here. What, what I've, what I've relayed and through my experience in being around great players, Right? Great players as they start to get a, as they start to age, they only get compared to them younger selves. Who could you compare Tom to? Who did you compare Peyton to? Shit, you compare them to them younger selves, right? And so that's what the great players, that's, that's their honor. You compare me, you compare comparing a 35, 30 6-year-old to a 24, 20 5-year-old.


And although Tom, Tom, I mean it is not like he had three games and a road a man threw for 150 yards. But considering what he, because Edelman has started to be involved in a little bit, few too many car wrecks, it has started to affect him. Right? Bro has started to get nicked a little bit more frequently. It has started to impact him. And so the weapons that he once had were plenty, but the collisions had started to add up, right? So that started to impact him. Well, coach Belichick thought it was Brady. He didn't look around at the surroundings to see, man, if I get, you know, maybe upgrade something, right?


Because Brady had taken pay cuts for damn near for 20 years. So what the hell you, you, you put hiding the money under your pillow. So where, where was all where, where were you spending the money? And he had started, he had started to reach and reach. 'cause a lot of times when you become great Ocho, you start to take unnecessary risk. He had had such success. Yeah, he got Gronk, he got Aaron Hernandez in the third round. He got Gronk in the second round who was a first round pick, but he had the back injury. Hernandez was the first round pick, but he had the off the field issues, he dropped to the third. You get Edelman in in the seventh round, you get Almond Dole and Fred. So you get Wes weer, you know, people don't really know. And so he, but, and you know he, he had some good picks early on, especially defensively.


But his wide receivers Oh yeah, the wide receivers he was picking was Rebo Rebo. But well it was fun. 20 years. I mean, look, who wouldn't take 20 years? Six Super Bowls, nine Super Bowl appearances. Ocho Yeah. Every, everybody Would. Yeah, it would, Everybody would. Boy you know how hard it is to win six Super Bowls? Hell, I know how hard it is to win one. You, Yeah, you talking about one. Yeah. You know how hard it is to win one, let alone to go to nine and win six. You can't even do, it's difficult to do that in the video game.


Mad, let alone in real life. That lets you know how great and how much of an icon God damn Bill is The. Volume


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves, join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.