
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk four page is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's fourth production in partnership with deep blues sports in entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dish the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to draft Kings Sports Book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening tests. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had EDUs have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 in estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thank you guys for joining us. As we watch the Lakers take down the Clippers again, 1 0 8 to 1 0 2 and with that victory tonight and the loss by the nuggets earlier today, the Lakers are not percentage points in the number two spot. Yeah, you heard me the Lakers of the number two seed in the West.


As we currently sit today, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your continued support. We know we're a little late tonight, but we wanted to follow the Lakers game because we thought this would be a very interesting game and if they were to win it would have implications and they did win and now they're the number two seat in the west. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stop. If you can't find it any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Check out my media company on all of its platforms. That's she she Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirts, hats. Ooh, they're bundle. There it is right there. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. The Lakers beat the Clippers for the second time in three days, 1 0 8 to 1 0 2 to win the six for the 16th time in 19 games. The LA at 38 and 21, the Lakers moved past the nuggets for the number two seed in the Western conference. Since turning 40 years old, LeBron James has the fourth highest three point percentage in the entire NBA.


He didn't have a good night tonight. He struggled a little bit tonight, especially with turnovers. But Luca was sensational. Dory Finn Smith played outstanding defense. Dalton Connect came off the bench, went five of eight from three, he had 19 points and they win again. The Lakers are looking really good ocho, Hold on. Now when you say the Lakers are looking really good now, when I asked you earlier, we talked about Luca coming to the Lakers, you said they didn't have enough pieces to make it out the west. Now you're saying the Lakers look good. Are you saying they look good with a chance that they can contend or they look good to finish off the season strong? Nah, I mean they, they're gonna make the, they're gonna make the playoffs, but when you get into the playoffs, you condense your bench.


Right. You're gonna only end up playing about eight guys tonight. They played what? They played nine guys. So you're gonna be very, very limited. And you see they only have really Jackson Hayes, big Jimon the third got in a little foul trouble. Not really sure what he's supposed to do. The question is when they match up a team that has a big, You know, OKCI don't really fear OKC. I know Shaa is sensational. Yes, they got two all stars with Jalen Williams and say Shaa Gil. They're gonna do what they do. But the problem that, the problem that they're gonna have is that what Luca did to him last year. Right. And Luca about it got a better running mate or a comparable running mate.


And LeBron did what he had with Kyrie. Now what they were able to do last year was throw all those bigs at him. They have likely, they had Daniel gaffer. So it's gonna be very interesting. And we know what the nuggets are. Yeah, they got Nico yo. And you got to be able to neutralize him. Now they did an unbelievable job the last time they played him. They swarmed him. Some guys struggle. Luca and LeBron were sensational and they ended up winning that game. But a lot goes into it when you to to make it out because you gotta win. You gotta win what, 12 games? Yeah. To make it outta the west. Do I like their chances? The matchups, it's all about matchups once you get here. Yeah. Now hopefully they don't get the nuggets in the first round and build some momentum and then maybe meet them in the second round or the Western Conference finals.


Well, but I like the way the Lakers have played. I would've wished they had gotten a big, but you got what you got right now. Right? There are no more bigs available. You can't go to Walmart. You can't go to Kroger or or order one off Amazon. You got what you got. But I like the way the Lakers are playing. They played really good defensively. They're getting after people and they just gotta stop turning the ball over. They had 16 turnovers. LeBron and Luca had 14. LeBron had eight, Luca had six. They could have blown this game open in the first quarter. But it was the turnovers that kept the, kept the Clippers attached to 'em. Take clean that up. But I, I think JJ will take it.


They're playing really good basketball right now. O you minus the turnover, they're shooting the three ball. Well, they could shoot free throws a little better. They were 14 to 20 tonight. High percentage from the field. They was almost 50% from the field. You could live with that off offensive rebound. They were on the glass, they out rebounded this team. But It's, it is another good thing too. I like about the Lakers, obviously the acquisition of getting Luca. So when you, when LeBron has a night like tonight where he is not on, then obviously you're not gonna have a night with both Luca and LeBron aren't on. And Luca, Luca take takes takes the, takes the bru bru of the weight. Yes. 29 point. He put 29, 9 and six.


Yep. Shot a shot. Five or 12. He's getting better from the three, nine or 17 from the field. Didn't shoot the free throw. We missed three free throws. So how long has it been back since he'd been back from, from injury? What, what's it about? How many Hours? It's probably about 11 to 12 games that he's been back on. 12 games. Yeah, I mean that, that, that's enough time to get back in the rhythm. That's enough time to get back in the rhythm. He today. Oh, he's getting, He he's getting there. He's getting, he's getting his legs back under him, getting his conditioning back under him. You get in shape by playing whatever sport that is. You get in shape playing, say sport and That, that's, that's the only way to get in shape too. Yeah, I like the, You know, I like the, You know, getting on the cardio and doing all the other stuff.


But you don't play foot, you don't play football, basketball, particular sport on a bike unless you're in the tour and even in the tour of the prime, they have to get out there and they have to put the word roadwork in. They have to put those miles in when they go into the abdu and all that. You know that the What The, that's the finishing stages. But I like what I see with the Lakers. I really do. JJ Redick is doing an unbelievable job. He's definitely in the running for coach of the year. If he doesn't get Kenny Atkinson, what he's doing with Cleveland is unbelievable. Yeah. But I don't think anybody thought JJ would have this team where they are right now.


38 and 21. The number two seed in the Western conference playing really, really good basketball. They're defending at a high level. The offense is really fluid except when they turn it down ball over. But the getting up threes, they're shooting a good percentage from the three point line. Well, almost 43% what? 43% tonight? 18 to 42 had some really good looks that didn't go down. LeBron didn't shoot the three ball over the last couple of games. He's been shooting the three ball really well. But tonight he struggled with the three ball. But that's what you got. You got a guy in Luca that if LeBron's off Luca can carry the load. If Luca's off LeBron can carry the load. But you're gonna need these contributors. Dorian Finney Smith.


I really liked what Vanderbilt came and gave us off the bench. He didn't shoot the three ball well, but he offended at a high level. Got it on the glass. He had what, five offensive rebounds? Nine total rebounds, one assist two blocks. I like what I got from him. I love what I got from Dolton Connect. Even Shaq Shake. Milton came in and gave us a big, gave us a couple of big minutes. So you can't really complain. You got 40, almost 40 points from your bench tonight. You could live with that. You could live with that getting 40 points from your bench knowing that you're gonna get somewhere around what, 45 50 from LeBron on a nightly basis. Yeah. And then your other starters chip in and remember you play without two starters.


No Austin Reve. No Ruey. Yeah. How, how, how long before Reeves come back? We don't know. They're dealing with a calf injury. So they say it's day by day. It could be three or four days. It could be two or three weeks. You don't know. That's that's the they them soft injuries boy. Dangerous boy. It is. It is. But I know I like what I'm seeing. I wonder what he's saying now because there was a lot of people talking. I'll see you tomorrow. Windhorse. Hey Steven. A get at your boy, we gonna talk because y'all had a whole lot to talk about. Oh, the Lakers can't do nothing. Lakers, what up, what happened Now You know they gonna, You know what they gonna tell you? Huh? They gonna tell you it was one game. That's what they gonna say.


Nah, hold On. This is what they gonna do. They gonna take, they gonna tell you it was one game and then they gonna flip things to, well if it was a semi game series, this and this and this and that, and this is what would happen. But you notice when, when the Lakers win, it's one game. If the Lakers lose, they just lost a series. I'm like, wait, wait a minute. It was, I thought it was one game. Oh, when? Oh, they can't beat the Clippers. The Clippers. Oh really? Now LeBron got somebody to go ride shotgun with it. Boom. Now look at 'em. What Now I feeling good. I don't know. Mike Brady have to bring the goat mask outta something. You gonna bring it out?


Might, maybe Ash Got it. We what you do with my mask? Ash? Ash supposedly have my, she was supposed to order a new one. This is the best time to order 'em. It ain't Halloween. No, he got horns. I made the crown. The crown. I go You brought the crown? Yeah. I go to, I go to Party City. Oh, is Party City still? Damn, I can't go there. Yeah. Party City gone now. Oh. I go what you call 'em?


I go to, hold on. What's the other store they got? Oh, I go to Burger King and get a crown. They, they got, they got a kid. The Burger King kind of got a crowd. I go there, I go there and get, and get me a crown. But LeBron has been played unbelievable since he, he's averaged almost 30 points a game nine and eight since turning 40. He's played extremely well. Yeah. I just know this with Luca taking him off the ball. And you have Officer Reeves who's another ball handler. Yeah. Handler. Would I be surprised if LeBron played 24, 25 seasons? Nope. Not now. Because he's not gonna wear him. They're not gonna wear him down. Calm down. Because re Reeves and Reeves and Lu take so much pressure off him.


Listen, it's no, it is no different than I'm, I I hate to use, I hate to use this example. When you have a quarterback that has to rely on the receivers to do everything and all of a sudden you get a running back, all of a sudden you get a running back where all the pressure is taken away from the quarterback. Yep. So same concept. It's the same thing. You mean to tell me I can hand the ball off to, to Sequan, let's say Saquon for, for example. Yep. Over and over and over. And I, I don't have to do much because he can take up most of the production. Hey, cool. You mean I don't got to handle the ball? I can give it to Luca or I or Austin. Reed could take it. 'cause he can create his own shot. Yep. He can. Man, and, and I, I believe you actually, with the way LeBron taking care of his body, the way he taking care of his body, he can't play another four.


Hell maybe maybe five. He might wanna stretch it the same way Tom Brady did.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future Health.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp. Bank A or Stride Bank. NA SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hair. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five Dirk four Peja is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


IIII can see him playing 25 seasons. I really can't. 'cause it weighs averaging 25, 9 and eight right now. Or 20 25, 8 and seven. Right? I mean, think about it. I mean he's playing at an all NBA level. I mean 10, 10 players currently playing better than LeBron. I mean, you take sha you take Giannis, you take yolk. Then what, what, what are we talking here? Are we sure? Are we sure there are 10 players currently playing? Because there, there there's three. All NBA teams, You know, right? Two defensive and three on the offensive end. Are we sure there are 15? There are 10 players, let alone 15 that are playing better than LeBron James is right now.


And for the season. Look at his numbers. Look at his team because before y'all say he just put up numbers in a losing effort. Now look at it. Second in the west. Look at his numbers. 25, 24 points, eight rebounds, eight assists. Are we sure? Are we sure they find an argument there? 10 players currently playing better than LeBron James, let alone 15. We know they're not 15, but are they 10? They gonna find an argument. Enjoy this. I don't believe you'll ever see a guy play this long and play at this level again.


No. It just No I just don't, I just don't Not talking about Lakers peaking in March. If they were losing, it's one thing. Let on win. I mean they just got Luca for, just got Luca for 11 games. They need to get some continuity now. You got, you got Reeves out. You got ruy out. It's hard. It's hard to, to try to, because those are two of your starters. Yes. But Finney Smith came in, played extremely well tonight. Gabe Vincent and the star lineup played well. 3 0 6 from the three point line. Got a couple of rebounds. But I like what I saw from the Lakers tonight.


There's nothing to, there's nothing really to be upset about. And what LeBron James is now what, one point away from 50,000 total points. 50 50 when you combine playoffs and the postseason. Oh, oh, oh, okay, okay. Okay. I'm finna say he just gave me the 40,000 ball. How the hell he get to 50 that fast? Nah, I ain't getting 50 that fast. No, I don't think it, hopefully you enjoyed it. Hopefully you enjoyed what you got opportunity to, to watch and appreciate it. Yeah. Instead of critiquing and finding out everything. 'cause we normally lead with what he doesn't do well. Well he doesn't do this and he doesn't do that and he doesn't do that.


Instead of just of like, You know what, Appreciate it while it's Here. Appreciate what you got. Oh, Robert Orry spoke about LeBron earlier today and said if LeBron got the same cause as SGA, he would average 30 points a game. And it'd be no question to MVP because he's so much better physically stronger. Lee, you make a a vital mistake if you gave that to someone other than him. As of right now, look, they've been stopped because what they do Ocho is the say it's the same thing they did with Shaq. How do you officiate? He's so big. Right? That's not what Ja, Dr. James May Smith, when he instituted, he didn't say if a guy is bigger than the opponents. Right. You you don't call files. Yeah. If they file him, they filed him call him.


Yeah, most definitely. But I, but I I, they they do take that into account. They, they, they did just do, it's not fair obviously. And and Robert already is. Right? If if they, if they call gave LeBron the call, did they give SGA He would, he would average 30. He would. Yeah. But again, they taking account that LeBron is so much physically bigger than most, especially, You know, especially those that, that that's happen to guard him. I I I, I get it in a sense and it's not fair, but I kind, I totally understand where they're coming from. When they do do that, remember remember what they used to do with Cam Newton too, remember? Yeah. Sometimes some of those calls and now that's a blatant, blatant foul.


But because it's Cam Newton, because he is bigger, more imposing. Yeah. Never got him. Yeah. Now in the pocket I agree with you, but once you, once you put that ball up under your arm Yeah. You better tee off on him because Ocho, if the, if the coach, the head coach and the offensive coordinator is not gonna protect that guy, why should I Ah, okay. Okay. When you say it, when you put it like that, I got you. Hey, you running on, you are running them on quarterback powers, right? You are pulling two guard and a fullback and running your quarterback on a power. Right? And you supposed to think I'm supposed to lay him down. No, I'm gonna lay him out if I get a clean shot on him. Right.


But I don't believe, and even LeBron, when he was at his peak and getting calls, he didn't go to the line like, shaa shaa go to the line 21 times a night. He would've had 70 points if they fi if they would call files, like James Harden used to go to the line. You remember James Harden had that strength. Chad, I know y'all know what you're talking about. When James Harden was going to the line a night like 15 times a night. Yeah. Shay's going to the line like 13 to 16 times a night. You know, man, they let LeBron go to the foul line that many times. Man, please. Hey Shaa, Shaa aggressive. Shaa is very aggressive too. Like he, he going, he's literally going to the hoop.


That when, when James Harden had that stretch, he was literally taking people out No matter what. You know where I'm going. You gonna have to stop it. Even Giannis. Can you imagine, can you imagine when LeBron man LeBron, what you think LeBron used to do? He used to live the pain. Hey Giannis, hey, how Giannis mood work man, he do the same two moves every goddamn time. Euro spin. Yeah. And it work every time. Yep. He is, he's gonna have to like, the thing is is that hopefully he's working on a contrary 'cause he's not gonna always be this athletic.


You see what LeBron did, LeBron developed that three point shot. You gotta improve on other facets of your game. We athletic you And you add, because the athletic, he's, he's supremely athletic now, but LeBron and the Lakers are playing well. Luca, LeBron, his last MVP season, he was like 30 if I'm not mistaken. It was 2013. It was 2013 because yeah, he, that was the second of the back to back seat. He was averaging 26.8. So he is averaging 27 points, eight rebounds, seven assists. He shot a 56, 41 75.


Right now he's since turning 40. He's 26.48 rebounds, eight assists, 55, 44, 76. So he's shooting better from the three, better from the free throw line. Averaging more rebounds, more assists and basically damn near the same amount, one percentage. He's 56 field goal percentage 55 right now. He's playing, he's playing unbelievable. He does a great job of taking care of himself. It is really important to him. His wife allows him to do it. She ain't in his ear chirping about you need to come home, how much longer you gonna play. You know, obviously you have to have someone really, really supportive to play this length of time.


Anytime you see someone play this length of time, yeah. Their partner, significant other, whoever is that person is in their life. Ocho Yeah. You have to sign on for that. Yeah, You Have to. I mean, Go ahead. That that, that's so, that's so important. I, I don't, I don't think a lot of people understand what it, what it takes especially to, to play as long to to, to achieve that type of greatness. You know? And obviously having someone by your side with great understanding and having that same vision that you do that same vision of success. Not just success short term, but long-term success on the field and off the field. So that commendable, commend, commendable, You know, to be, to be able to find that because everybody's not able to, everybody, it's hard.


Boy. It's especially But you have that Before you make it. We ain't talking about before made it. I'm talking about before you make it. Yeah. You have to have under, somebody had to understand ocho. Okay, yeah. This is what I'm trying to accomplish. I Need you to hold because you got, I mean, you can't have chaos in your personal life and think it's gonna be serenity on the court. Don't you? You gotta have peace at home in order for you to have peace on the court. Say, say, say, say what you just said again. Say what You just say. Say what you just said again for the people in the chat. Even if you don't play a sport, even you don't play a sport, let's say your nine to five job, You gotta have, you gotta have peace at home. You can't have chaos at home.


You can't. And that's just, and that's just on a smaller scale, Especially sometimes They can't even get it right on a smaller scale. And we talk about wanting do great things like, like the example you talking about. If you can't do it, if you can't do it on a small, on a small scale, how you gonna do it on a grander scale? Yeah. Because the thing is that an athlete's mind is, is as is, as is his greatest muscle, is his greatest strength. And it needs to be free. You can't be thinking about having an argument with a significant other. He can't think about something that's going on out the field. And for the most part, the really great ones compartmentalize. But even if you're trying to compartmentalize on a few occasions, You know, maybe death in the family or something like that.


Right? But you try to try to compartmentalize every game for a year or for years. Nah, It ain't happening. It is really not. You really need peace. And You know, Savannah made it abundantly clear. She wanted to be a, she wanted to be a wife, she wanted to be a housewife. She wanted to take care of the home, take care of the kids. LeBron, do what you need to do on the court and You know, that's what you need. You see he got, he got, LeBron got got married early on. Mark did down and people got, people got mad at me when I said, I think the face of the league probably needs to be kinda locked down.


If you go back and look at it, guys that have been in the face of the league, have they been single? Steph Curry was married. Kobe Bryant. Kobe, Kobe got married. You gotta realize Kobe got married early. Kobe wasn't the face of the league. Kobe got married early. Hey, do you think that's a good LeBron got married? Steph Curry is married, Jordan is married. Magic. And Michael, I mean Michael Magic and Larry. So you go back. Dr. J Hey you, you think that's a prerequisite?


It's not a prerequisite, but what did people get so mad about Tiger. About Tiger got married, became the face of golf, right? And then when he did what he did, people got upset. Why? Because he was supposed to be all American guy. He was supposed to be a family house picket fence. 2.5 kids. Okay, 2.5. I ain't gonna have 0.5. I just said that's, that's what, that's what they said. The average family have 2.5 kid. I like that. And they, they, they, You know I'm saying it's just, that's just the way it is. Yeah. I mean listen, it is, look At the quarterbacks been the face of the league.


Look at the quarterbacks name. A single quarterback. That's been the face of a league. Always, always, always, always. I just wanna know, Tell me, Chad, tell me the quarterback that's been the face of the league and he's been single. I wait, we go back, we can go How far you wanna go back? You wanna go back to Johnny Uniters? How far you wanna go back? You wanna go back Bark star, you wanna go to Roger Starbeck? You wanna go to Montana? Elway Marino. Who you wanna go to? Brady Manning. I'm just trying to figure out, you wanna throw Breeze in there? Who you wanna go to? Hey, you wanna go ma home? I'm just, I'm just trying to figure out where you want to go with it.


It mu it must be in the rule book or something. It must be somewhere in the rule book. You know, in order for you to have that greatness, you gotta have that. You know what, by inside you have that far. It's tough. Now there are outliers May, right? And it it's the, it's the, it seemed like it's the, the standard for a reason. It's, look how far you just went back and what does everybody have in common? What is the common denominator? A man find it, the good wife find it. The good thing, You know, I think I, The last 50 years, the only guy that you could say was a face of the NFL and then and wasn't married. It was probably Rogers Aaron. Yeah. But he always had a spouse on the side without the ring.


It was always somebody. Nah, I mean he was, I he was, he had a a a a. Danica Patrick. Danica Patrick. He had the Shalan Woodley. Yeah. Yeah. And then he had Olivia. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hey Aaron had a nice little lineup now. Yeah, But I think the thing is like the NBA when you go back and study the NB when the NBA, the guys that have been the face of the league in my lifetime, and I, I, You know, I'm just going, I go back to Dr. J and come forward.


They've all, they've all had, they've all been grounded. They've all with, You know, people like that's a family man. Yeah, It is what it is Funny how that works, huh? It is. Oh, Joe LeBron started a bit of a discourse on Friday when he spoke about ant not striving to be the face of the league. Let's take a listen to what Goat James had to say. I don't know when, why do you wanna be the face of a league when all the, all the, all the people that You know that cover our game and talk about our game on a day-to-day basis, shit on everybody. Mm. Have that responsibility. That's, it's just weird. It's weird energy.


I like that. I like it. I like it. But again, but again, are you able to be the face of the league and deal with the scrutiny that comes with on the other side of the media? Can you not care? The the, the word I like to use and you use this time, can you compartmentalize and separate the two still go out there and do what you need to do despite knowing with being the face of the league. You got to be on 24 7. Are you gonna be on 24 7? Absolutely not. You gonna have your knights, you gonna have your knights, you gonna have your knights you off, you gonna have your night. You want your highs, your highs to be, you want the percentage of your highs to be much better than your lows. Yeah, For sure. You know who, Who wants to deal with that though? Huh? You think about it, LeBron had, LeBron is the right person to be able to talk about it.


'cause he done had pressure since he came outta high School. Yes. He'd had to deal with it times 10 more than anybody I could think of because of the expectations coming outta high school. But You know what the, the thing is Ocho if that, look, that's not something a player says. I wanna be the face that we get to determine that. The media get to determine the face of the NBA. The fans get to determine the face of the NBA not say player. That's not something LeBron didn't say. I'm the face of the NBA. That's not what magic, that's not what Jordan, that's not what Berg, that's not what Kobe, that's not what steal did. Right? It's sustained excellent for the period of time and they won.


It's a sustained excellence for a period of time. And you win just because you got a couple of highlights. That don't mean you about to be the face of the league. Nah. And look, I I get it. You know, it is like, well, Jason Tatum and, and, and Shay and it's, it's just hard for me to see a foreign born player because this is an American sport. It's just hard for me to see a, a Americans getting behind an a, a a non-American athlete saying, you're the face of our sport, right? But we'll see what happens. But when you look at Ja, you look at Ant, you look at Tatum and people like, well, Jason Tatu, I like Jason Tatum, but people keep saying, well, hold on, you don't have that.


Are we sure Jason Tatum is the best player on his own team? Because all I know finals MVP went to Ja, Jalen Brown, brown, all I know is Eastern Conference finals. MVP went to Jalen Brown. So are we certain, right? Because it can, it can be no ambiguity. Kobe couldn't come to face of the league as the second best player on his own team, right? Shaq had to leave in order for him to be that face, right? Jordan was the best player on his team. Berg was the best player. Magic was the best player. LeBron is, was the best player. Now, it might've taken 22 years for, for you to say, You know what, LeBron is the second best player now that he got a guy that damn near 10 years, well, 14 years younger than he is.


Luca just turned 26 the other day. But I mean, Zion, Zion's gotta win. He's gotta be on the court. So the guys that we can say as far as American players, Ja and Man Zion, Jason Tatum, we'll see.


This is Ashley Kti from the Ben and Ashley Eye. Almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four Page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad 'em, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Oh, Joe. He elaborated the next morning Ex. Exactly. Made my point. Made my point. But anyways, happy this con convo has started.


It ain't no face of the game, ain't no about one person or one show. It's about a culture of basketball. The beautiful game in the wor the most beautiful game in the world, right? Our game has never been e been better, incredible young stars from all over the world. And some elder ones, Steph Curry, she'll be all we're talking about today. True man. Drop 56, we talked about it. Ojo. Let's discuss how great OKC the Cavs have been this season with two completely different styles and break down why and how they have. Of course, if players don't perform, we need to discuss that too and break it and break that down. Even that can't be discussed in a way that's not a brain finality to a player's game, but leave room to see how the player respond and let's watch the journey of that player.


This ain't about me either at this point. I really don't care what y'all said about me. I always, it's always something. This is about the impact of negativity it is having on our beautiful game and our fans. I know it speak a lot of our players. More importantly, a hell of a lot of great fans and truly love and celebrate the sport around the world, behind the game. Mm. What you think of ojo? Damn, that's, I'm trying to think.


Mm. I mean you look at, I mean I, It It's, I mean look, the sports are about stories. What's the story? I mean, Shaa, I mean we about to have another foreign born MVP. That's what we're about to have. Shay's from Canada. Yo Shay not from the crib. Shay's from Canada. Shay from Canada. He just won three. Gianni is one, two Joe, l and B. So it's been a while since we had an American born MVP.


It's been a while. Look, he's right. The cals the Cavs be getting up threes. Donovan Mitchell didn't play tonight, but they had Ty Jerome come in, played. Unbelievable. Who else? Somebody else. I was, I was watching the game. I was flipping back and forth, right? But they had to come from behind because they were down damn near the whole game in Portland. And they came back and they ended up winning in overtime. But they've been really good. And they were down the other night against Boston and found a way to win in Boston because Boston has had their number this year. Ocho Yeah. And that, as I mentioned earlier, Kenny Atkinson has those guys playing really, really well.


I don't think he should have lost his job in, in, in, in Brooklyn. But hey, You know, they got guys and they wanted to move in a different direction. And with that level of talent, when your aspirations are a championship and you hire a guy like, like Steve Nash, hey, they did. But look, if you're the face of anything, to much is given, much is required. Yeah. You're gonna get a lot of benefits as far as advertising dollars and sponsorship's gonna come your way. Mm. But you Do heavy as the head that wears the crown. And that's one of the pros of it. Now let's talk about Yes. Talk about, Yes.


Deandre Hunter, that's the guy they picked him up from Atlanta. I was surprised, but Atlanta's like, Hey, we not going anywhere. So hey, let's, let's offload him. Deandre Hunter can play. He was, I he still camp, but he, hey, he should be six men of the year. 'cause he was balling, he's averaging 20 off the bench. And then people laugh at me when I said I average 28, 28, 12 and 10 off the bench. Nah, you average 28 seconds off the bench. No, I'm, I'm j I'm just saying, You getting straight, you getting straight. You getting straight the game's outta hand. No, come on. Nah, ab absolutely not. If, if, if Brother Hunter could do it, You know, what do you think I would do?


If, if that was, if that was my game? Yeah, brother Hunter was most outstanding player of the on the, on the, in the, in the March Madness. Yeah. That's not you. Okay. I just, I was just throwing that out there. Okay. Jamie Fox defends LeBron's legacy. If he came up with a cure cancer, they would say, yeah, what about diabetes? 40,000 points over 20 years of play, carrying this bum ass league on his shoulders, ungrateful. No matter, No matter what you do, they're always find a way to, to down your greatness. No matter who. It's, No matter who it is, nobody. Ocho I've covered, I I've followed this game for an extended period of time and I go ways back.


Nobody in the history of sports Had been example Other than Muhammad Ali. When he did what he did. Yes, sir. And ever caught the vitriol that this man did. Nobody go, go back and look it up. Nobody has nobody. The man average the man score is 50. They say, well, Kobe would've got 70. Jordan would've got 80. The man give you a 50 point triple double against that team. Y'all do realize the, a lot of these teams were in the league when Kobe played. But y'all just go, y'all do realize Kobe retired.


He was 36 and 37. 37. Yeah. Y'all remember what he looked like his last three years or we just gonna forget that. Oh, okay. Don't daddy ha we gonna just forget that. Don't even worry about it. Ojo. We gonna forget that. Yes Sir. Do y'all remember about what Jordan looked like? In, in, in, in, in, in Washington. Washington. We just going get that. See? Oh, that was, they was just finishing up. Now, if they had won a title, everybody would've spoke about the greatness of those two guys. Now they didn't win a title didn't come close to winning a title. I heard when LeBron first got to LA all he came, he came to be Michael B. Jordan. He came to be a movie star.


Now he's been all NBA since he's been here. He's won a title. He's been MVP of the finals and they still won't give him no credit. It it, I Ain't got no problem giving people credit. If you play good, I'm gonna say you play good if you play bad. I'm gonna say that too. It bad. Yeah, you always been fair. But listen, But, but that's the luxury, that's the luxury about having your own platform. That's the luxury of being in a situation. Hey, everybody knows how I feel about LeBron, but if he plays bad, I don't have a problem saying that. Same thing with Mahome, same thing with Kelsey. But see I like, I like it because they say I criticize they, when I criticize Josh Allen, they say I'm racist.


If I criticize Lamar, they say I don't like black. So I'm doing a pretty good job, don't you? So I'm getting on both sides. You know I'm doing it right down the middle there. You, you right. You listen, you fair, you fair. Everybody get the same treatment. That's It. Now, I don't hear anybody said, when Lamar was coming out, I said, I don't care what they say. Lamar don't you take your ass to receiver. Don't do no receiver drills. Oh yeah. Don't do no DB drills. You are a quarterback. Go play quarterback. And then if you can't make it as a quarterback and say, You know what, I can't play quarterback. Let me go head on. I I'll go to wide receiver, but don't, I'm not running no drills at no wide receiver because I've been a quarterback.


Even when he struggled, I was supportive. But if he plays bad and I said, well, Lamar didn't play well today. Yeah. He's gotta do a better job of taking care of the football. Why you bro? So what am I supposed to say if Lamar plays bad? I just want y'all to tell me what am I supposed to say? Because Brady played bad. I was, I said that when Peyton played bad, I said that when Romo and Breeze and Dak and whomever else, when they play bad, you looking at it too. The only difference is I get to tell you since look in a situation like this, why would he throw the ball into that coverage when You know it's this coverage and You know, you got, you supposed to go elsewhere with the ball.


I ain't got no action to grind. I ain't jealous of the, I had okay, career ojo oh seven round draft pick made it all the way to the high pro bowl. All pro super Bowls hall. So why, I'm just trying to figure out people saying you be jealous of what y'all make it seem like I was a special teams guy. I did. I started out on special teams. Ocho let the team to tackle. Wish you was on point return. I had something for you too. Who? I bet you can't sit on no branch and turn your head around you. You, that's who Oh, you, well you scared to catch the puns.


You scared to get back there. I ain't worried about you back there. Oh, you doing an awful lot of whoing tonight. I I you keep forgetting what my rookie here, my rookie, my, my, my first and second season. I was a wedge buster. And you keep talking about me being scared. Ain't talking about your badge buster. You ain't no wedge. You too light to be a wedge buster. You get your neck broke. Oh, you do realize. Okay. I, I, listen, I don't wanna get off topic, but I was the wedge buster. A ass ask my teammates, Hey, I'm sure You know some, some of my teammates as a rookie when I came in who the wedge buster Was. Not you. All right? Because back then the wedge was a thousand pounds. They had three man wedges. I know how much it was. And You ain't hitting no three.


First of all, you ran into rate at 2 45 and collapsed like a deck of cards. Timeout. You saw me running into Ray and trip over my shoestring is what you Saw. No, I didn't see that. No, I didn't see that. I did not see that. So I could imagine if you, Chad, y'all think he ran into Ray at 2 45 and collapse. You think he gonna run into a thousand pound wedge? Listen, it's, you understand physics, the laws of physics. I understand it. I was a math major. I was the econ major. So I understood what angles I need to take on the wedge and to, to to to, to affect what they did. Regardless of sides. OCHO was easy.


You do ocho you do realize the wedge back then you had, I mean it was like d lineman and offensive lineman. So you dealing with 3 30, 3 40 running. I'm the one I was there. You you, you sitting there telling me like, like I was there. I'm the one running, I'm the one running into it. What Do you pull the tape? I wanna see some tape. But you busted the wedge. Sure. That that show he adding Dick Lebo. I ain't gonna ask him about that tape. Like you tell me you want to tape from when I dropped 52 or what? I had average 30. You want a tape? I ain't, I ain't seen no tape yet. I Wanna see tape. But you busted the wedge. Listen, now I I can pull some tape for you. I can give some tape for you, me on special teams if you want it.


And I'm, I'm, I'm gonna have NFL films Pull it for you so you can see it. If you, if you want me, if you want me to pull some tape with me making tackle those special teams, O kickoff, O Punt. I was a gunner. He wanna see me make a tackle. I do that Ocho Okay. I get you a matter of fact. Ask the DiUS Thomas about me, man. You First of all, you wasn't on No, you wasn't on no special team when AD was playing. Yeah, I what? He was the gunner man. What you try to keep I know it was a gunner, huh? I know Fast was a gunner. Yes, Yes. And that only thing was I was on him.


I still played special teams even then. So you was a jamer. Yes. In my prime. I I was, I was, I was everywhere. Jimmy Butler has been sued for allegedly failing to pay 260,000 in rent and li and leaving behind more than $127,000 in damages related to a luxury home he leased in Miami Beach in the suit. The plaintiff contend Butler failed to pay two months of rent at 130,000 per month for the property. Damn. Damn. Hold on. Oh, The law, the lawsuit come back again. Hold on. How much OCHO?


130 per month. The lawsuit also alleges that Butler changed the looks and would the locks, excuse me, and would not give the key to the property owner keeping maintenance workers from entering the home. Butler also is alleged to have failed to maintain the swimming pool, the air conditioning and, and ladder leaving, leading to an extensive mold that require replacement of the ceiling floors on the property. A hundred Hold on. $130,000 a month. I'm trying to think, how much is that? That's like a 25. That's like a $25 million home mojo. I what? I'm, listen, listen, hold On.


How, how much? Hold on. How you paying? How you paying? $130,000 a month on a $10 million home. A 10 million only home. Only supposed to charge you about 40,000 to 45,000 a month. Listen, the fact that you even know the numbers and how much it should cost, that lets me know I'm out of y'all. That's, that's outta y'all outta my range. Y'all outta my range. I mean, the numbers you, the numbers you're even saying is too much. 'cause, and I, I can see it. I got it, but it's, it's not, it's not, it's not connecting 130 who a month Never Pepper ever.


I don't care what it is. $10 million Home for what? Because I, me, because I play in the NBA. Right? Because I, I make a certain amount of money. That means my lifestyle has to ma has to match. Yeah. But Jimmy, I don't know why Jimmy just didn't buy, he didn't, I don't know why Jimmy didn't buy a place, because he had been there for this steady period of time. You know, he knows he wasn't, he wasn't gonna live here. This, it's not his home state. Yeah, that's 1.5. That's over, that's one point. That's over 1.5 million. Oh. You know, and one point No, he Done Oh, doesn't ojo, if that's 10 million home, That's a drop in the bucket for some, for for them. For them, for them, dudes. But that's, that's beside the point. The point is, Ojo, he's paying that much in rent for a place that he, he's sending somebody, he's paying for somebody else vacation home.


Right. He's paying for somebody else's kids to go to private school in a nice college. Right. 1.5 million on a 10 million home. That's crazy. Damn. That is absolute. That's just bonkers. Hey, remember what kind of money they make? Huh? They make a you money. Yes, they money. I get that. But just because you make f you money, I'm trying to let the, I'm trying to figure out what financial advisor let him spend 1.5 million on a house that's only valued at 10 million. That's my point. Damn. If you got it, if you got a financial person, ain't no financial person in they Right. Mind would let they client do that. Yeah.


That's, that's, listen, I ain't telling, I'm, I'm, I'm, because I mean, I mean, what do you have a financial advisor for now? Maybe they did tell him and he didn't listen because like you said, he's making that money. Yeah. Me. What's the point of having a financial advisor if I'm not gonna take his advice? And what if the financial advisor didn't even say anything? Because he wants to continue to remain his financial advisor, if You know what I mean? Yeah. Hey, that's called 138. Oh man. I'm still trying to wrap my head around that. Yeah. But every month you hear me, boy, stop playing. What?


Jesus Add it up. That's gotta be, that's gotta be a th what's the interest rate? God Put in the Google A 40 million. What if, if I put $2 million down on a $40 million home, what would be my monthly, what would be my monthly payments? Because This Hey, this, this, this is freaking me out. O Joe. The, the, just the, the number, the numbers being that high in house? Yes. The numbers being that high in general. It just doesn't sit right with me. Yes. Yeah. You put no, say you put down 10%, you gotta put down 10% in the house. Right. Okay. Put down 4 million.


So that's 30. Okay, so how much is the monthly payments and what's, what's in Huh? 220,000. Okay. Okay. 5% interest rate. So come down to 2020 5 million. So you'll put down 2.5 million. Don't tell me 1 37 a month for a $25 million for a $25 million home. If you put 10% down, which is 2.5 million would come to 1 37.


$137,000 a month. Oh. So that mean he, Jimmy must have been on Star Island then. I don't know where he was. All I'm saying is with that kinda money that you're paying out monthly. I know. I don't ask me how I know, but I know $25 million home. It's only so many $25 million homes. Coral Gables, star Island, it Says in Miami Beach. Yeah. So that's, that's definitely it. It gotta be Star Island. That that's the only place. And, and obviously you're not paying for the house. You paying for you paying for the location. Location. You sit There Real estate. What is real estate ocho? Location, location, location.


That's it. That's all it is. That's it. Now you can get the same house that's 25 million in Miami Beach and you could be in Houston and get it for 5 million. Yes. Boy. Do you, do You know how much house you could get in, in, in Houston or Vegas or, or, or tennis? What? What? Oh yeah, yeah. Crazy Man. You'd have to have, listen, you'd have to have like maid service, like they got in a hotel to clean That. Oh yeah. To clean that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Most, most You talking about 50,000? Hold on Holyfield building Holyfield house. The one Ross got? Yeah, that's 50 plus thousand square feet. Oh, That's, He built that for like $10 million. That's it. Yes.


It's ginormous. Huge, huge. You see how much grass you got a ba full baseball field or Olympic size swimming pool? Different. Yeah. I, I ain't, I I'm listen, 130,000 a month. No, hell no. Nah. I, I I can't, I can't do that. Not, not even if I got the money Ocho. Yeah. Who, who telling who, who you telling you? Hey listen. You talking to the, you talking to the choir Gospel man. Man please.


This is Ashley Kennet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page Five, Dirk four Page is elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we Absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen To Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Ocho, Giovanni Tank, Davis Escape, Barclays Center on Saturday night with a majority draw against Lamar Roach, the 30-year-old Davis, who is undefeated and was the heavy favorite, took a knee in the middle of the ninth round before retreating to his corner or remember to wipe his face with a towel.


The unusual move, essentially at timeout should have been assessed and knocked down. And Steve Wilson appeared to begin the 10 count. But Willis then can be heard on the broadcast. Taylor Davis. You take a knee like that, it looks like a knockdown. Yeah. However, the fight continued without Roach being credited with knocking Davis down. Davis said during the post-fight interview in the ring that he got a hair, he got his hair done Thursday and the grief from the hair was burning his eyes. Hairstylist denies putting a lot of grease on the hair, especially I did this here Wednesday, it's Saturday. He did press Jim. Wait, that's not an excuse. How much Grease did? How much grease did I use?


Damn. Yeah. You're like, Uhuh, you ain't finna mess up my business. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you, you got, you got, listen, you had to be careful with that, with that answer because obviously because she's the one that does this hair, her clientele is shot up because she's the one that does this hair. Now you come out and say something like that, you're the reason why now that's gonna mess up business up. So she gotta come out and defend herself. Absolutely. Right away. She has to. Now, obviously watching the fight, watching the punch, I don't think, I think he's surprised him. I think he's surprised him with the punch and hit him in the wrong spot. The wrong place. And they caught him by surprise and they called him to go down. I'm, I'm, I'm just saying I'm honestly Who, Who? Roach. Yeah, Roach Roach caught him by surprise.


What the Oh, I, I didn't, I didn't see, I didn't think he got hit. You Don't think so he got Hit? I don't think so. Yeah, but it, I, regardless, when you take a knee, if you go back and look at when, when Floyd Mayweather fought Cruz, I think, what was it, 2001. And he hit, he hit him on the button and he hit hurt his hand and he took a knee. Yeah. And it started, he was like, nah, I just, and started the 10 count. Yeah. You can't take a Knee. Yeah. Knee. So if they give, if they, if they take, if they give him that point, he wins the fight. Yeah. Yeah. He wins the fight. Hey, hey listen, them boys were going at it bro. Them boys were going at it. I think there, there was, there was, it was a part that I, that I really enjoyed.


Obviously, You know, boxing is, is about, You know, moving around and there's a point where tanking ropes decided, You know what, we tired right now. We finna sit here in the pocket and we finna bang man. I mean, just exchange. And boy them boy with tho boy Ro didn't back down At all. At all. And did you see the size difference in the ring, obviously? Yeah. Obviously Roach being, You know, being, being, being the bigger man. But Roach Came up, Roach normally fights at one 30. He came up to 1 35. What? Damn what? They look huge in the ring. Yeah. Either, either way. Hey listen, they got, they gotta rematch.


They gotta rematch. And that dog, that that, that fight was good. And obviously a lot of people, a lot, I've seen a lot of boxers come out and say, You know, tank lost, lost that fight. I think the fight was good. I think when I, when I looked at the scorecard, I think maybe going into round seven, maybe seven or eight May, maybe seven. I think Tank was up on the scorecard for, for that matter. But Lamont Rose had always been good. He had always been good. Yeah. And he, he was, he was the right, he had the right style. His styles make fights and Lamont Rocha's style made that fight what it is. Yeah. He what it is. It's, And he made no mistakes too. All night. Yeah. I mean look, taint hit him with a good couple of good shots.


Wrote didn't move A couple of clean ones. Yeah. But he ain't moved. Hey, and he started countering. Yeah. Tank would, he would counter him right back. Right back, Right back. And you go straight right through the, the guard through a a, a south paw because that's what Tank is a South Paw fighter. Yeah. Hey that jab, hey, he kept him up off him. He didn't back down. And You know, normally tanks start slow. Yeah. Comes on. Yeah. Yeah. Ro say I'm here to stay. Yeah. He say I'm here for a long time and a good time. I ain't going nowhere. I'm not sure what kind of condition Lamont Roach did, but whatever it is, I salute him. 'cause everyone else at some point passed round seven.


You know, normally when fighting fighting tank, they die down. Yeah. They die down. The Volume of punching decreases, You know. Well, everybody gets tired after round seven and on, but, but his, his condition was, was up the part of they, they they went, they went to war all 12 rounds. That that was a really vehicle. Yeah, but I, me, I thought Roach wanted to fight. Did don't Joe, if, if they count that knock down. Yes. I thought even without the knockdown, I thought he won it. I, I, look, I I I thought he had, I mean, look, I know Tank land the punches, but because He was aggressive, Roach was the more aggressive fighter.


Yeah. I mean, being the aggressive fighter, did you see the, did you see the scorecard though? You go to the punch Punch? Yeah, I saw, yeah, I saw they showed the scorecard. Yeah. So I mean it's, it's, ah, it's tough. It's tough. Good. Listen, a great fight from both fighters now to me fight next. I, I would like to see them rematch at some point. I'm not sure if that's in, in, in foresee of the future. I mean it should be, obviously if it was the draw, I would love to see Tank. What did the numbers say? The pay-per-view numbers is gonna tell you if people wanna see a rematch because if they came out and bought the fight, yeah, they'll get a rematch if they didn't do the numbers on your note. I think it, I think he did the numbers.


Okay. I think he did. I I think it definitely did the numbers. I mean, listen, it's it's Tank. Huh? He, the g the draw, he the draw. They, they come, they coming to watch. They coming to watch. I mean I, listen, I can't, I'm excited. I can't wait to see him, see him fight Shakur. But everybody have a lot to say. Shakur had a lot to say. What's her name? Tank Haney had a lot to say. Oh boy. Bud had a lot to say. Yeah, But I think you, you do realize Ocho, what this does is that it gives fighters like every, because everybody know t got power.


Yeah. Now it's like, okay, I, I wanna fight him. Shakur's like okay, let's make this fight happen. Right. He talking about Bud, look, bud looking at Canelo, bud ain't looking. Bud ain't looking to drop no weight. He ain't nobody want the only fight Bud can make. It's Canelo Right Now. That's a big jump to go up 3D three weight classes. Huge jump. That's huge. Huge. I mean, normally somebody go up a weight class, maybe two. Right, Because Roy Jones. Roy Jones. Yeah, Roy was super middle, but Roy was fighting at, was fighting at a a, a light heavy. Light heavy. Yeah. So he went up, went from Cruiser to, to heavy.


Heavy. Yep. But That's gonna be a good one though. That's gonna be a good, I mean Listen, but I just, I I thought Tank w when You know you got to the middle round though, so you got round like four and five and like okay here come tank. Yeah, here come tank. Well he definitely, You know, he steps on the gas after round four he normally steps on the gas and comes forward just in, in general. But also you gotta understand Unc at this level of elite boxing like that, you gotta be careful. Especially when you exchanging one shot, boy you gone. Yeah. Hey listen, one shot and you gone. So us as fans watching from the outside looking in, You know, you, you want, you want 'em to just get in there and just throw and just, but hey, it's a chess match uncle.


You got to be careful. You make one mistake, you going to sleep. You going to sleep. When the little guys, what they do is they put, but see that's, they can put, they put punches together. Yeah. You know as you go up in weight class, them the ones that turn the lights out with one fight now. Yeah. Still even at the smaller weight class, they catch you with a punch. You don't see they can turn your lights out. Yeah. They catch you in between punches or as a wrap. Yeah. They catch you throwing a punch, you throwing one and they and they first get through quick Or The one here to quitter the overhand that you don't see until it's too late. Yeah, yeah. Or the upper cut that you never see. Yeah because it's coming from the blind spot. Right.


Blind spot. So that's why, You know, you look at Tyson, Tyson's always to the body. Ah, pop and he coming through, he, he coming through the guard. He coming through the guard. Tyson going bang the body, You know it's gonna come, You know it's coming. Stop it if you can. But it was, it was, it was a good fight. Ocho I, You know, I don't normally pay pay for fights, but I say You know what, lemme see what's really going on because I know we gonna talk about it. I wanted to see, see a, a tank. I wanted to see Aro Tank be him two be him quarter of a meal that he was gonna get him out there. Ro said no you won't. So it's gonna be interesting to see if they have a rematch.


Yeah, They have to. Huh? Hey just, but Look there, there's enough fighters in that, that class. You got Lo Chenko, you got Shakur, you got Haney, you got Garcia, you got Tank, you got Roach. Come on man. Make the damn fights happen. Stop ducking and dodging each other. What the They got some good ones coming up now. There's a whole card with to to Ryan Garcia and Devin Haney coming up. Yeah. There's a whole card. No, they should be fighting each other. See that's why people don't give the credit because remember back in the eighties when they had the Four Kings. Oh yeah. Kerns fought Leonard, he fought Haggler, he fought Duran Duran fought those guys. And then you, you crowd the fifth Horseman you had I Red Barkley those guys fight.


Go back and look at the seventies and you look at the heavyweights. When you had Norton, you had Frazier, you had Foreman, you had Ernie Shavers, you had all those guys. They fought. Right. I love Floyd but I hate what Floyd did to the box, the game of boxing because everybody's trying to protect that oath. Ain't nobody wanna take no chances because they feel, they feel now, if I take a chance, I lose ojo my career bro, stop it. Floyd, Floyd fought everybody. He Floyd, he Floyd, he fought everybody on his term. This, this is the point. When you're winning like that you get to call you shot on your terms. Everybody ain't gonna be Floyd.


Even if you end up undefeated, you not gonna be Floyd. Yeah, Yeah. That's what they thinking. I'm, I'm trying to think then all the fights like all the, all the fights too. Obviously you wanna see all the fighters fight each other, but also they have to keep building it up to maximize the person which they can get. You can't just fight just to fight just 'cause everybody wanna see you fight. You gotta wait, you gotta build it up. You gotta get some fights in. You gotta create some type of chaos, some type of the goddamn turmoil. Yoko has done enough Shakur, Stevens has done enough that they should be able to get in the fight ring with Devonte, with Javonte, with T. Hey it, it is not that easy though. Huh? It ain't, it ain't, ain't it ain't that easy.


I mean the way, the way you say it, You know for us on the outside looking in like forget it, make it happen. But the money gotta be right. The money. Right. Ocho ocho the money gotta be right else. This is what kalo, this is what guys do. Instead of taking a risk at 20 million, they ratify somebody that know they can beat for 10. That's how they doing it. Don't yo. Yeah. People see what they're doing. That's why UFC has surpassed them because Dana White ain't letting you dunk nobody and they ain't got, and see you got the WBA, you got the Ring magazine, the WBO, the I, the the I, the IBF. You got all these unif, the sanctioning bodies. Right. You got too many belts, man.


Fight what you get to sport for. I mean just think about Ocho. If sports, if, if sports was really like that, You know what, You know Ken says like, nah, we don't wanna play Philly. Y'all send somebody else to the Super Bowl Over that. Hey that's, that's, I like That what these guys doing, they ducking. I like you to put it that way. Uhuh, you, you gotta understand. But the, at that level, at the elite level, you have to be careful. You have to build your resume that you wanna maximize the type Of, You know, they, so, so Lopez don't have the resume to be able to fight Tam Tofe to female Yo. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Okay. So what you saying build a resume. So he don't have a resume right now that's impeccable enough to fight him. What about Shakur? Stevens his record ain't ain't good enough. But again, we talk about purse. You gotta think about how they thinking. They think about that bag, they think about that money. I don't want to fight you right now because financially it doesn't make sense. It doesn't, it doesn't. No, all I'm saying is man, you gotta fight what people loved about Sugar Ray. This is why boxers today don't get the love and the adulation that the old guys cut. They fall on Cho. Yeah. For, for, for no, for no money. Yeah. But, but exactly. Look, Go back and look at Eric.


They, they are prize fighters. That's what they are. Yes. They're, we could, we could want them to fight as much as you want. But I'm telling you what it come down to. What is my purse looking like? Ocho The timing Your purse looking like, because you not fighting nobody. They not getting no $1 million, they not getting a million buys. They're not getting 1.5 million buys like Floyd. So stop trying to think that you gonna be Floyd. Oh, I, I see what you mean. Yeah. Yeah. Well you, you ain't gonna never be that 'cause everybody, everybody was tuning in to watch Floyd lose. That's a difference. That's how he even got to that point. But, but look at Tyson. I mean, go back, go back and look at those guys. Those guys fought. You gotta fight. Oh, at the end of the day, you gotta fight.


You gotta fight. I I I want you to get your money but you ain't nobody gonna be tuning in to watch you watch you box somebody. They wanna see you. They wanna see Lopez in Shakur. They wanna see a, a tank tank in Shakur Tank or, Or, or Lopez. Evan Haney, Ryan Garcia. Yeah. They wanna see fight like That. All, all those are great matches. But again, why is it so hard? I say I see some people in the checking plane and start making excuses. Why is so hard to get fights? Why do you think people don't wanna send contracts? So when they do send a contract, they look at it be like, I ain't fucking signing that shit. You ain't even pay me. It all comes down to one thing at the end of the goddamn day, no matter what y'all say in the chat, they ain't making no no excuses.


The purse ain't where it need to be. Why the person where it to be? Because they don't wanna see them junkers fight nobody. They wanna see them fight the best and the person will be there. I'm not paying, You know, 25 million to fight some guy that got that's 13 and five and you 27 and Oh how you think we would not hold sugar Ray in the regards, has sugar Ray not fought? Who, who he fought? He fought Beez. He fought Hagler. He fought Hearns. He fought Duran. Yeah, I mean it's different.


It's different. Hearns fought Hearns. Hagler, they fought you talking about the, in the eighties, the Four Kings. Yeah. The best. Go back and look at the seventies and look at those guys. They fought. Yeah. Foreman, Ali Frazier, Norton Shavers. What's the, the other guy, there's another guy that George Foreman just went and they went like eight round, but they were just, it wasn't, it wasn't aesthetically pleasing. Yeah. With OCHO they was throwing atomic Bombs. Yeah. Isn't that trying to kill each other? Yes. Trying to kill each. Listen. Yes, I'm speaking.


You gotta to think about it too. Now when I'm sitting here talking, I'm listening to people in the chat. Then you gotta think about, I'm in camp with some of these folk, man. I'm listening to the conversations. I'm, I'm in there. Literally, You know why certain fights are getting made. I'm, I'm in there with boots. I've been in there with Kayla Plant Benavidez. I done been in in the camp with t the same. I done been in the camp with Shakur. It's the same conversation, the same thing over and over. So when I'm saying stuff like this, people say I'm making no, I'm not making excuses. I'm sitting there listening with my own two ears. I'm listening to what the issues are. Well, we can't make this fight 'cause the money ain't what it should be.


And why am I getting in risking myself or risking the l or oh or whatever it may be for every case. But It's 'cause you in the fight game. Why get in the fight game every time you step in the ring, there's a Chance, there's a chance, there's always a punches chance. But I'm, I'm still telling you what it's, I mean, I'm I'm just saying. I'm just saying, Man, look here until they start that. And that's why people, the people to stop watching, you gotta go all the way. The Saudis, they try to make a fight. They're making fights in Saudi and in Dubai because these only won fight over here. Fight. Mm. And it's so funny, I see people in the chat, but I'm lying.


I mean, well it's well documented. Everything I'm saying, all you gotta do is just type it in. It's there. But anyway, anyw, who? It's all good Man. I just, hey, I just wanna see a fight. I just wanna see good fights. Gimme how man. Hey Ocho man, you look, I done been to prize fights. Ain't nothing like it. No. Oh man, that happened. But Ain't no, ain't no. I mean, Whent, the last time we had a, I mean we gotta go back to with Bud fought Earl Spence Jr. Woo. That was nice. Yes. Hey, that was nice. I remember going, going to see Tyson fight. Ain't nothing like a heavyweight now. Oh no. Big time Boy. Tyson back at his prime. Everybody came out, The world stopped.


You hear me? But you better not go to the bathroom or get concession because he going by the, you brought your ass. You gonna miss the fight. Oh, you missed it. You just spent 10 grand for nothing. Oh yeah. But I wanna see these guys fight. I think the, I think the, the chat water seal fight too. The Volume.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called The Greatest of Their Era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands page of five Dirk, four Peja is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so Tough. That's why we tap these conversations. That's absolutely. I Love it. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I.