
This is an iHeart podcast. The volume, Hey, check this out. Lemme know what y'all think about this bread. And Joe St. John's head coach Rick Patino, said he has zero interest in becoming the head coach of the New York Knicks when asked absolutely not. Patino said, I think whoever comes in, if he doesn't get the to the finals, it's going to be deemed as unsuccessful season.


So whoever comes in got so much fresh on them to take this team to the next level. 'cause that's why they're doing it. Obviously. It's in their mind. Nick fired head coach Tom Thito on Tuesday, despite reaching the Eastern Conference finals for the first time in 25 years, the Knicks hadn't reached the NBA finals since 99 and haven't won a championship since 1973. I was nice. And the reason why, because here's the thing, once and, and, and this, this is what happens. This is what gets you fired. This is what caused you to be a bus, is expectations. Yep. You see, once the Knicks knocked off the Celtics bread, everybody said, oh, they're going to the finals, man, they better than the place that they going to the final.


We going to the finals. They started coming out with all these stats every home game. The what? The New York economy make. 91 million. They could make $500 million if they go all the way to the NBA party to play a game. Seven. So now Tom FAU had unrealistic expectations, right? Because lemme ask you a question. Would you have fired him if he had lost, if he had lost to the Celtics, you beat Detroit but you lose to the Celtics. Would you have fired him? But see was you beat the Celtics? You know, I think that was already in, in the works right. With Tom Tippen do. Because a lot of people were complaining about the players, the minutes and the minutes that he had.


So I think that people were on top of that. So I think they got mad about that. I thought he did a great job. Especially I fold it out and even in this last game. But expectation, the guy you're gonna see is Michael Malone. He's going to be the next head coach of the New York Knicks. And the reason I'm saying that, because he comes, he comes right now from where he is gonna be in Denver. He lost that job. He won a championship. He's connected right now with the people right now who are in the front office. That is the guy I think that they're gonna pick for the next coach. And the thing about it, you have to be able to also deal with the media.


What we know about him, New York is a different, he's always been. Oh, he, yeah, he's been a and he's he's great dealing with the media. So it's a job. So, and and you were saying about Rick Pitino saying there was no, he had no interest. Don't worry, don't worry. They ain't had no interest. See what, damn, that's how you feel about Rick Tino don't playing, don't worry about they ain't have no interest in him either. What? So ain't got no way. Rick Pitino tell Damn. No. So you got, you got, you got Mike Malone re replacing Timbs, Phil Philo. Who you got replacing Joe? Because you still got Boo Nose out there. You got Frank gel out there. Y Brown, I be, Mike Brown is out there.


Yeah, hell, they need to give, they need to give Sam Cael a chance. You know what, that's a name I've been hearing a lot too, guys. Sam, I think Cael, it's probably his time to, You know, get him, get him head coaching job. But I don't think he gonna give it to a first time guy to the Knick because the expectations are too high. Yeah. Hey, listen, I remember night, night before last I said, I said Mike Malone. Yeah. I said Mike Brown also said Mike Mark Jackson. But I obviously, my, my candidate to be the Knicks head coach was, was was Mike Malone. And I said one of the first thing I said, Cornbread, it gotta be somebody that's able to be media savvy that can deal with that New York media and them New York fans. 'cause they don't play no games.


Right. Yeah. They don't play no games. Yeah. I I, I think that, and I talked to, I talked to Sam Cael 'cause he's assistant coach right now. The self Yeah. I would love for him to get a job like that. But in that particular market right now, they're looking for a marquee name. Yeah. And Sam's name isn't a marquee name. Nope. Because he hasn't been a head coach before. You're not coming in there with a, a somebody who was unproven in the New York Knicks. You can't, you can't do that following, You know, those animals and those Yeah, I tried to tell that to all the Knick fans over there, Shannon. I told them, I said, act like tell you've been there before. Act like you've been there before then.


I said, oh damn, you ain't been there before. And Spike think all them dudes over there, all, all them players over there is Joe. This is what I loved about it. John Starks looked like he was damn playing in the game. Get your ass off the damn court. Get your ass up. Hey, hey, hey. They had a whole Nicks alumni section over there, man. Yeah, they, Alice used, they have a and grandma they freak. Hey, they brought 'em out. Listen, y'all know, but y'all do know if they would've made the finals, boy a, it would've been a, it would've been another level. It would've been Oh yeah, nigga, about when like the Ns or the lake come back. Come on man.


They just, they be, they be doing too much birthday too. They be doing too much. Alright guys, Shaq just gave his updated list on the top 10 players of all time. He got Michael Jordan at one, Kobe at two, LeBron at three, magic at four, Russell at five, Chamberlain at six, bird at seven, dream at eight, dunking at nine. Dr. J at 10. You like the, you dislike the lifts or you wanna move somebody around? Did you, did you say, did you say Bird? He had Bird seven? Yeah, I don't think the seven. Yeah, he said had Bird seven.


He didn't put stuff in there. Right. I tell you what I I I, I tell you, how do you get away from, you say you got, you got Tim Duncan in it, don't you? You got Jim Duncan and Nine Nine, man. Well, he got a pretty good list. So you're saying Shaq took himself out of this? He, he, well he's not on it for, he got Dr. J at 10. What Shaq always been saying. I'm, I'm the beast. I'm, I'm more of a beast than anybody else. I, I like Shaq. Shaq, Shaq is probably the, like that stress that Shaq had from old, from like 2000 to 2002, 2003. That was, that was like will chamber for 10 years. You never gonna see that again. Ain't nobody, because there is never gonna be somebody that big, that agile that can run like Shaq.


Yeah. People don't realize how athletic and gifted and mobile nimble Shaq was. See they look at Shaq now and they see how he moved. He had had his ear replaced and You know he, he's probably three 50. He say he dropped weight at one point. He was four, 400 and he dropped down. He lost like 50 pounds. So they looking at the Shaq now. But when Shaq got to the league and when Shaq was Yeah, yeah. He was, he was a problem. He was a, he was a problem for everybody except the one guy that, You know, I think to me, my best player I always talk about I think should be Aachi Elijah one dream profession. And then this is why I say the dream to me is the best because he control the game better than anybody on both ends of the floor.


Right. Jordan controlled his land, but Akeem could shut down that, that side defensively and he could kill you on the opposite end. Yeah. There's, nobody's been like him since playing the game. I I love all those other names. You said Kareem, all these guys Russell man. But I'm taking hold no hold now that you mentioned that he ain't got Kareem on there. What? Damn you out? Who you taking? Ain't gonna take. I gotta my, I gotta put my glasses on like Ocho now. Oh hell no. Uhuh. No you ain't got Kareem up there, the captain who you bread, who you gonna take off bread? I love Dr. J. Dr J got it started for us, for us because You know, we grew up up there.


I, I love, I love Dr. J but Dr. J's not on my list if Kareem's not up there. Ka gotta be on Kareem gotta be on that list. Man. Team hold up. Dr. J made the game sexist before MJ did. He did that. He did. But Kareem, but Kareem, you look at his numbers and what he did. College probes. I mean this man is a, he is a, a walking encyclopedia. When you think y'all better go look at at Kareem's numbers. And I love doc, doc won, won championship. How many cor how many did Kareem went?


But You know Doc Best but you, but you got good this doc Best Years with it. Lot of doc's best years with the A, B-A-A-B-A-A, BA when he with the squi, when he is with the na and the Squires and all that. Doc I saw, I saw the show that you had Charles Barkley on and Charles Barkley said you were talking about that fight that they had. Yeah. When you said Charles Barkley said he didn't grab Larry Bird and pull his arms down. He's a damn lie. 'cause I was standing right behind and I tried to choke Charles Barkley off. I was like damn. He got Yeah. And, and Doc put them three big paws right in third face. Yeah. Hit him three times. Pop, pop, pop, pop. Damn. I was like, Joe, it was crazy.


And, and I I mean it was, I have never seen anything like that in my life, man. And I, and it was like a melee like you in a bar and you just swinging and punching. I don't care who it was, you might hit your damn teammates. That's what the NBA to me that was, that was when it was really sexy and You know, if a guy really wanted to play or not. And I understand what you're saying Joe. You keep talking about this money and all that stuff, but at some point you're gonna be a man and you're gonna swing on somebody if, if, if, and you ain't gonna think about your purse. I know I wouldn't. I know I wouldn't. Hey, hey, you seen you, what's my boy name played for Cleveland Hunter? You seen how he went at math when they played him?


How he, how he knocked him down? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You sure? Hey, enough is enough now. Yeah, I I think the two for me, the two guys that get that don't get the credit or the respect they de deserve is Kareem and Tim Duncan. Yeah. People don't realize how good Tim Duncan was. Man, hear me about it. Yeah, they don't and they don't see people Just look at Kareem and I Think you came on the later years then, You know, it had like, by the time it got to like 85, it was like it was truly magic's team. It was magic team before that. But it was really, really Magic's team. But you go back and look at Kareem's, them six years that he stated where he was with a a, a Milwaukee red.


You better tell him, man, that dude right there was unbelievable. And that's the, and that's the one shot we look at O Joe and Joe and Shannon. The, the, the sky hook. Ain't no nothing ever been like that. Nobody's ever had the automatic thing where you talk about that sky hook and it was that it was money. It, it was, I don't care what you did, you knew it was coming. That damage you couldn't stop. And he was gonna score on that box regardless. And, and the big fell. He was, he was the reason why I was in, in, in college. I wore number 33 because he was my favorite player until he elbowed me one time, Joe. Because for no damn reason.


I was like, damn, it didn't hurt me. It didn't hurt me Shannon, but it hurt my damn feelings. I can tell you that. That's all I'll say. And my favorite player elbowed me for, for no Reese, but You know Kareem, Kareem had a mean streak. Ask Kurt Benson. Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. Ask Kurt Benson, Kareem, yep, yep, yep, yep. Ask Benson about But, but Benson punched him though. Elbow him in the stomach, elbow and soul plate. Hell him, he, he, Benson, Benson. He came up and Oh, oh yeah, yeah. Shaq, you would London back then. But wasn't all that whooping when you were standing there, you talking to somebody if you told somebody come on. They were, they were coming.


They were coming and, and and, and wasn't nobody stepping between you. Okay, let's do, so we got Michael, Kobe, LeBron, magic Russell, wilt Bird, Hakeem Duncan, Dr JI got to go, I got the have I gotta have read and I'm sorry and Joe, I know you think it is sexy with them big hands, but I had the guard his ass so I ain't going with, I ain't going with that bullshit you talk about right now. So I'm going with Kareem that Scott Hook the unbelievable shot. He was the captain. He was, he's the damn captain man. He score more points. Anybody until LeBron passed, he was just that good.


But, but you do, but You know what but You know what it is and that, You know, looking at it and looking at people talk about best this and best that the bigs reev really never get the credit because they need a small guy to get 'em the ball. Russell didn't get the credit he deserves, Wil didn't get the credit. He deserves Kareem to get the credit he deserved none of the big, they don't give bigs credit like they do guards. Yeah, small. They gave it, they gave a little bit up to Russell because the number of rings he wanted Russell. Yes. Might been the one that you looked at going, You know, he was so great on the deepest event, but Russell also was surrounded by some great scores.


He had also great scores. But, but here's the thing though. Most great players don't have in their prime have other P players on their team winning MVP. Right? Tom Heisen beat beat Russell out for Rookie of the year, if I'm not mistaken. Cornbread. I don't think he did. I think Tom came look after him. No, I tell you what, who beat as Joe would say, who beat Larry Burnoff for the first championship in B Man. Stop. Look at, look at me in the face. Look Shaq, look your damn head up. Look me in the eyes right now. Look me in the damn eyes. That's what I need you to do. But look me in the eyes. You the captain now you the captain. Now go. There you go. I was the, I was the damn big dog.


Hey Cornbread, you was out there getting to it. What, what, what was going on that series? They they were doubling bird. You were getting into it or you, they just couldn't guard you there. There was a, there was a problem Joe. First I had Billy Paul sold me, then they put Moses Malone on me. They, they, they put a bunch of guys on me, but wasn't nobody stopping me. Nah, it was my time. They, they, they had a Mo Malone. I, Robert re was on that team. They tried Robert Reed to cover you. No, Robert Reed was guarding Larry Bird. Here's the thing that you wouldn't know, Joe. Joe, Joe, I gotta go for you. This a trivial question, Joe. How many point now Kevin Mke was on that tee.


Yeah. How many points do you think Kevin Mke averaged during the NBA finals versus the Houston Rocks in 1981? See Kevin Mke, I'd say 10. Nah, I'm gonna say about 20. Win 4 24 4 points, Joe. Four points. Four points, four points. Go back and get this at four points. You go look at stuff points during that time. As great as he was, it wasn't his time yet. So you look at those things and you're going, okay, it's great as he was wasn't this time, he the one that, I mean because y'all your point guard.


I mean Tiny Archibald was your point guard back then. Tiny. It was you tiny MHA Paris Bird. Yep, yep, yep. M Park. Yep. Yep. We had, we had the, we have, we had a stick and we had some guys with some big balls over there during that particular time. I, I loved it. 'cause I know all these Laker haters they going to be, You know, ticking you and all this stuff. No, but I gonna text you, dude, I tell you I was the historian of the game. Here's the thing. Played the NBA All-Star game and was named NBA rookie of the year over teammate who is his teammate brand. Wow. See that's when people started to arguing with me on Cho about, you don't know what you're talking about.


Thought he was in the league before time. I thought just said, did I just tell you he was rookie of the year. Didn't I tell you rookie of the year over, over, over what you call him Russell. I, I thought Russell was, I dunno what you thought. I can tell you what it was and I know your facts, but I think this is me thinking Bill Russell was in the league before Tom Heinsen came from Holy Cross. Bill Russell was in the league before him. All I know in 50, in 56. Was he on that championship team in 56? That all the, excuse me, that Olympic team in 56 that won the gold medal San Francisco with him and his, he won.


He won, he won, he won the gold medal and, and one of those Olympic games. I I know that that was, you wanna say 56? I think it might've been. I don't think, okay. I don't think Tom Heinen, this is just, this is me thinking now. 'cause I'm, I'm, I don't want, You know, You know, I think that Russell was already on the team before that particular time and I've heard some stories, especially from Bill Russell and Joe and, and Ocho. Yeah. They've told me stories about the racism that went on during that time. Man that makes you make as as a black man. He put it in a book how them, how them boys won.


How them boys won to me was Christ. Because I looked at, they was talking about how that's why him and Wil Chamberlain were the best friends. 'cause they couldn't go in other restaurants and eat out and they eat with each other. So they would go, they would go on their mama's side and Russell, I remember Russell saying, look, Wil Chamberlain was sleeping in my damn bed because my mom like, look, wilts coming over, we going to feed them. And those two guys battle. But they did it because of the racial climate which was involved in the NBA and all sports in the particular time. So that's one of the things disgrace, his daughter, his daughter told a story about here he was the most popular athlete in Boston and somebody put a rich leotta and defecated in his house.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. That's true. His daughter told, he didn't tell the story. His daughter told the story. They, they had a, they had a parade. They had a, they had like a banquet form and it was in Redding, Massachusetts. And he went to the banquet and came home and somebody had taken the shit in his bed. Damn. But yeah, yeah, yeah. That's how, that's how that's, that's a real, that's a real story right there. That's a real story. So I I have to respect Bill Russell while what he did as a man, especially during our time when we come up coming up at that time though, brand as black men. Yeah, yeah. As black men coming up during that time.


Let's look at some of those guys like Russell, let's look at Chamberlain. Let's look at Muhammad Ali. Oh yeah. It was Kareem, all those guys band together, man. And they made it, they made it possible for us to do what we're doing right now on these particular shows. That's why I always try to pay homage to those guys that were agree before me. Way before me. Absolutely. I, I think for me is that growing, growing up in the south and here my grandfather tell stories. You have to have an appreciation because when you, like a lot of these sayings, when you hear somebody say a barrel of laughs, You know where that term came from? When you walk down the street in the south, you couldn't laugh in public.


You had to stick your head in a barrel. Wow. So a black person couldn't laugh out loud. He had to stick his head in the barrel of laughs. That's why the term a barrel of laughs came from. So to hear your grand, my grandfather and my great-grandmother, my great-grandmother was born in 1900. Oh. So to hear that story lived through the Great Depression. She lived until she was 92. And to tell the story, man, it it make you cry. It does. I mean, just to hear the just boy, them are some strong people. They don't, they don't make them like that no more gray. Don't, don't use that word boy. Don't use that word. Boy. That's that's the one word. You know Shannon, that's the one word as a man of color that you weren't going to hear when you came up.


Especially us later on, boy. But, but You know what Brad, my grandma, I, my grandma aint really never called me my name. They call you boy son, come here son. Boy. Hey, I, I ain't talking about that. I'm talking about when, oh, the other, when I saw no, when I saw, when I saw young white kids called a grown ass black man and call him a boy. That's to me. Or call him by his oh oh bread or call him by his first name or call him by not, because we grew up, you had to call somebody. They might have not been able, but like two or three years older than than you, you had to say Mr. Or sir, but to somebody that's 20 that's old enough to be your granddad and they call him, Hey Joe.


But that's something with all through me. Hey. It, it's, it's so funny. It's so funny too, uncle, when you think about it, two Cornbread, Joe. I mean, I'm not sure if all, all of us and people in the chat, I don't know if all of y'all are senior sin yet. You see what word they use the most in sin Boy. But that, but Brent, we grew up in the south. That's the, that's the way they talk back though, Joe, you and Brett. And I'm, I'm a little close and I, You know How old are you Joe? I'm 44. Okay. So we are the same. You you the same age from me as I am from Cornbread. Right. And I, we, I grew up in Ru you grew up in Alabama. I mean Arkansas and I grew up in rural, rural south Georgia. But that's what they said. Yeah. That's, that's how they addressed you.


Yeah, that's what they talk. Yeah. Yeah. Because I I mean, hey Mary, because them them boys. Them boys. You, they, they working today. Mary. Which one? Which one, which one of you boys can, which one of you boys can drive? Which one of you boys can do this? Tell tell them. Boy, tell that was, that was my grandmother telling me the story. I remember. And I was in South Georgia. I was in Quitman, Georgia. And my grandmother told me, she said, Mr. Ed, which they called him. Mr. Ed got a farm up there and you boys, he said, tell them boys to come up here and get these watermelons for a cut 'em money and see I'm 70 year, I'm going to be 70. So it's a big, big difference in how I looked at things and view things.


Right. And, and the prism of how things are now to me is just like night and day when I think about black, white and all that stuff. But I, I, I re I remem I remember it just like yesterday. And that, that was, that was, You know what they used to have. I don't know if y'all had 'em there, but we used to have those. They was like those jockeys. And they'd be in, they'd be in the people's yard. You know what I'm talking about Brad? Come on. Come on now. Hold, hold the lantern in the hand. Yeah. Whatcha you talking about? Yeah. You know what? Don't worry about Shannon. I saw one of those last year up in the mountains in North Carolina. Really? They were selling it.


They were selling that same thing that jockey you talking about. You might think things have gone away. They ain't going away that far. They, they running around the corner. They're right around the damn corner. Listen, it, it ain't too, it ain't too far off. I know I'm a little younger than y'all, but I grew up in a neighborhood called f Damn Pike that's in Little Rock, Arkansas on the east side of town. We called it F Dam Pike because we had a dam like we should go fishing now. Well I had two, two of my little white homies, Ronnie and Johnny, they lived in the neighborhood. Every time I would go to their house to get 'em, we walked to the damn to go fishing. They grandmother was the racist woman in the world. They would prep me before I come over there. Man, You know, my, my grandma, she gonna be tripping.


But soon as I stepped on the porch uncle and Cornbread and Ocho, she called me nigga from the jump. Like, who? The, on my porch to the point, Hey listen, listen. I swear to God I can't make this up. I can't make this up. Listen to the point when I used to come over there, I stay way in the street and I hollered, I hollered to come outside because as a kid, as a kid, man, I was distraught. Like I never, nobody never called me that coming up. Right? And this, I mean, was relentless bro. She was relentless. She used to go at me every time she seen me, man. I'm telling you. Yeah. So I know what y'all talking about. That's funny.


The, the Jamaican national team is looking stacked. The basketball team been informed that talks underway, wrapped with Allstar, Scotty Barnes de Detroit Piston Center, Isaiah Stewart, spurs guards Devin Vassel to join the Jamaican growing basketball team. Twin brothers Armon and Anur Thompson begun their passport process last week. Ugh. They gonna still get the hell beat outta. Who the hell they gonna be? Y'all, y'all, first of all, y'all not gonna beat the Americans. Y'all not gonna be the friend. See y'all. And I don't know, y'all hope y'all get Kaia running sprint.


Y'all got some sprinters basketball, bro. There ain't better be no cool running. You know, you, you are right from that standpoint, people should, the next coming isn't necessarily that team. It's the French team. It's the French team. When they got that big, that big and wi is seven foot five and running the way he does and changing the game again, that's the next team that I'd be afraid of because they got some other players over there from France that can play the game. And I level, yeah, the guy at Philly, Yaba, he can play cell. You know, they got four nor, and they got Nicholas platoon. I mean they got, they got some good guys.


Now it's gonna be incumbent because You know, LeBron step K, they can't play forever. Brand, they play forever. Yeah. Shannon, Shannon, hey, you can't lose, you cannot lose on home soil that that 28 is in LA that that's your board right? Now here's what I'll ask you, Shannon and Joe and O Joe, how many more years can that man, what LeBron James he got at Le I believe he could still average over 20 for the next two years. Who? If he could, hey, listen, if he could average 20 for the next, if he could average 20, the next two they average 20. The next three Joe is Joe. Is he, is he putting that thing out of reach right now?


Scoring wise? Man, come on. Every, every time he touched the court, he putting that, he putting it farther and further away. Ain't nobody catching that bridge. You know that man put them played 22 seasons, man, at the highest level. He ain't just out there getting eight to 10 points. That man out there baller. Yeah. So yeah, he gonna be outta reach. 'cause you gotta have longevity. Not only longevity, but you got to, you got to be him. Yeah. Yeah. Luca. But do we actually think Luca gonna play 20 seasons? No. Hell no. Hell no. Gonna break. That body will be broken down next week, Shannon. I I hate to tell you that. Everybody gonna be broken down next week.


Come on, come on it Shannon. He gonna play 20 years of what? Or or what? That's I'm, and I know you a lake a fan and you a LeBron fan and all that stuff. Fan, but, but, but, but what, what the Lakers are waiting for right now. Maybe they're waiting, waiting for the next LeBron's son to come out. Maybe they're gonna draft him. What? What's that? Bryce is the, what's his name? The next guy coming out. Bryce is the, are they waiting for him? LeBron wanna play with him too. Yeah. Play. So he'd have to play, he would've to play 24 then. 'cause Bryce's gotta go to college. That'll be 23 next year. And for, wait for Bryce, that'll be 24 if he comes out. So that'll be 24. He might have to wait to play 25.


That is the most amazing stat that we look at when we start looking at his age, his longevity, what he's done. He's been healthy for most of his career as much as You know. And, and I admire him as a play. But my God, I just would never even I, when I got to be 40, all that stuff he's doing right now, that should look dangerous to me. I I can't do that, do that. I mean, I look at Joe right now playing in this three on three. Yeah. And that shit look dangerous to me right now. I'm like, hell, how how you doing that? I I I get scared when I, I get scared when I'm coming down the steps right now. I'm sorry. Yeah. I, I'm, I'm good.


And think and think about this Brad and Joe at age 40, he's second team all NBAI think that's the most impressive thing. It's the fact that he's playing 22 seasons. That's impressive in itself. But it's the statistics, the level. Yeah. What he's putting up like night in and night out. Right At that, at that at that age. Man, that's unreal. So we haven't seen anything like this. And I don't know if he'll see it again 24, 8 and eight in year 22. But here's the best thing about LeBron. I think as great as he is offensively and all these other things, it's his mental approach to the game. Yeah. Yeah. I have never seen anybody. And when I played, I knew some of my plays.


But LeBron knows where everybody should be. If you talk LeBron after a game, he has a photogenic memory where he picks and he can tell you about play after play. And this happened and that happened and I got a foul here. And I, I have never seen anybody like this man. This is just like, he's unbelievable. Hey, another thing that I think that helps him is that, You know, the game has changed so much fellas that, You know, it's not necessarily traditional two big as hell. He probably the second biggest guy on the court now. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? So he's able to kinda guard some of these big guys and kind of just kinda sit in the weeds and kinda save his energy for offense as opposed to early in his career.


You know, it was, it was a little different. He had to carry the load. Yeah. He had to carry, he had to carry the load. I mean he had to carry the load. And so now, and now they taking him off the ball. They put the ball in Luca's hand. Yeah. They let ar handle the ball. So now he's off the ball, Brad, he's in that dunker spot now. He could just like, Hey Luca, y'all handle that. Hey ar y'all handle that? I'm just go, Hey, do what I do. Oh, got And You know what he what I love seeing him play. Now I see him playing volleyball. He just get down that, that 250, 260 pounds he just run over dude. Right then. And the thing about, I don't Think you that, and Joe, here's the thing, they don't let you take no charges no more. Nah. You take the charge and, and, and he, that dude will walk right over, walk your chest.


So I'm just like, I don't know how you stop a guy like that that just made his career as strong as he is. But when you think about it, he's, he's one of probably what, only four or five guys who post up now. Yeah. A lot of guys post up. LeBron posts up a lot. You know, he posts up, he plays in the mid post. He plays on the low block. So a lot of that works into his favor. 'cause he is always gonna have a mismatch. It don't matter who guarding him. You know what I mean? Yep. Yeah. You, you're right. Here's, here's the thing you should say, Shannon. You should say, and this will be an argument. I know it will. LeBron James is the greatest athlete ever that we've seen the greatest.


Wow. Think better Bo in time. Huh? Better than Bo and time. Bo and time should better than me. Bo Boca, Boca Bo could hit, Bo could do that. LeBron James was playing football like a, like, like a who that one time if he, if he had decide to play. Yeah. And, and how our hand coordination, he is the greatest athlete and longevity. How long did Bo played? How long did Bo play play? Now look at the pro. Bo Bo didn't play long. Bo bo Bo 85, he was number one over on draft pick in 85 to Tampa. Hugh Hoover house.


He told him, if you draft me, I'm not coming. Because he had saw what happened with, with everybody else that had gone there. And they did. They took him anyway and he said, I'm going to play baseball. But Bo played, let's see, blow played 89, blow played 88, 89, 90. Yeah. I be talking the longevity Shannon like five years Chip, Ocho, Ocho Ocho, the longevity. You tell me an athlete who has done that, just gimme one, gimme one athlete that we can think of has done that at that high level for that many years without falling up. Even the great Michael Jordan at the end, we saw him kinda beat.


He wasn't he was Mike but he wasn't Mike though. No, no more. Yeah. So yeah, you look at, you look at LeBron people are still, right now, there are a lot of players like Jason Tatum right now. They respect the hell outta him. And, and, and that to me irks me. 'cause I don't like see guys, You know, respecting other guys, but from a, he's the, he's the greatest athlete that we have known. Ooh, gimme one. Gimme one. Shannon. Oh Brady. All them people who like all them people. Ooh. Brady. Tom Brady, Tom Brady couldn't, Tom Brady couldn't run fast as me right now. No.


And I, I'm, come on. Tom Brady had his off. What else could Tom Brady do? Drink alcohol. What, what, what else do you do? Come on. Give a greater athlete of the longevity. Not, not, not, not with that longevity. No, nobody. The greater athlete See it. We have seen during our particular time, and you can go back, I know a lot of your, your callers or your, your people text you. You tell me the person you want us to talk about. Tell me anybody the Olympics, anybody who has been a be that dude with his fast as hell. He's fast, he's strong, he's quick, he's smart. I mean give me somebody Shannon. Nah, not not not at that level.


A new report. Kevin Durant camp views San Antonio Spurs as a preferred landing spot. And there's been reports of mutual interest since the trade deadline. A trade package for KD would most likely include Devin Vassal, Harrison Barnes, and the number 14 overall pick another report from the athletics said the sons have started to lower their asking price. Since the conclusion of the season, Houston has filled several calls from Phoenix who have gradually lowered their asking price for Durant. Remember he's about to be 37 37 and yeah, the injury history, you have to factor that in.


You just do. I understand KD is great. He's been great since he set those sides. I think he's a size 17 or 18 in the NBA, but he is about to be 37 and he does have an injury history. I think, I think if you he would be the go ahead Joe. I think if you put him with, if you put him like with Houston, like on a team to where he don't have to do so much dirty work. I feel like with Phoenix he, he, he had to do a lot of dirty work, meaning defensively and offensively carry them, which was a lot. You put him with some of these young, these young studs and some of these dudes who, who are, You know, blue collar workers to where he don't have to work as hard and he can just kind of score the basketball.


You know what I mean? I think yeah, I think his injury history will kinda, You know, it, it'll kind of fade. I think, I think he'll fit seamlessly with a lot of these teams. Yeah. Because he's a natural, he's just a natural score shooter. And if you could, if you could play off him or get him in positions to where he's playing off a lot of these other guys who are, who are demanding double teams, man he gonna shine. Y'all see how that boy look in the USA basketball man, he getting em this shots what 12 shots a game, but he's so efficient. Eight for 11, nine for 12. And he gonna put up the numbers. He just gotta get the looks. He is, he's perfect. He would be perfect for San Antonio playing with that.


The, the, with the Freeman Wind step on Castle. And the thing thing that he and that I love about him, he doesn't need the ball. Right. Most guys in NBA right now need the ball. LeBron needs the ball to be effective. That's why him and Luca, I don't know how that's going ever. You know, the marriage is gonna work because LeBron needs the ball to be effective. Now these days what we know about KD is KD gets to the spot you get him basketball buck, that's all. He ain't got to drill or he ain't gotta do nothing that bucket. So I would love to see if he went, if he got in and went to San Antonio, I think it'd be a, a perfect match with a young veteran with a guy like him.


'cause here's a guy that Joe, we know, the only guy we know, one of the few guys we know has been a finals MVP with, with with a team and he's done it twice. And this and this, he did it with Steph's team. This was supposed to be Steph's team, but he was the damn man for that team. Yeah. And, and if, if, if he hadn't been kicked out of there, I don't know. We still be talking about Dynasty. Come on Joe. Stop playing. Stop, stop at that. Hey, hey listen, listen. I agree because I, I had, I had a chance to play against, You know that, that warrior scene where KD was on and when I was in Utah, we played him in the second round. And man it is a cheat code man. You, there's nothing you can do with that.


There's nothing you can do with that. Yeah, I agree. I mean if it had not been for, if hadn't been for maybe the, the other gentleman who got him out of, out, out of Golden State. Every guy that you like so much. Yeah, yeah. I like so much. You know, guy like so much. But, but, but that's part of what, You know what seemed to, and I read some articles on this, which seemed to have alienated him with what went on with him. And Draymond Green is the reason why he decided to leave. Yeah. Bleacher Report had a wild trade idea to send Ja Morron to Miami. The heat will receive Ja, the Griz will receive Andrew Wiggins, Nico Hyman, Hoka, Philly 2029 first round pick in a 2031 kick swap.


Should the heat try and get Jah this off season. What I already told you what was gonna happen. Nobody want to listen to me Now all of a sudden small stuff like this comes out and it's coming from somewhere. But when I told you ahead of time that Giannis and John Rob was coming to the heat, everybody calling me crazy. But again, You know crazy. No, I I told you first I told Ocho Ocho I'll say this, you better not have no guns down there with John Wick coming down there. I know that. We, he listen, listen be no firearms down in, in behind me. I know that. Listen, John, John gonna be in good hands here, man. He gonna be a good hand. Hey we, we gonna, we got the right people. We got the right people around him.


He gonna be all right. Hey, hey, hey. Y'all know boy, you gotta have some discipline playing down there in Miami now. Oh yeah. He good. He good. He gonna, he gonna be with me. He good. He gonna be with Lord who he gonna be with with me. You just heard the key words right? You said discipline, right? Yeah. Who better than to hang with than somebody who don't go nowhere at all? All I do is play video games. So why would he want hang out with you? The discipline? What are you talking about? I just, that's what we talk about. Huh? Stay tuned and that there, I think that I like steak. You like pizza? Why we hanging out? Listen, I hanging out with me because I need you focused while you here at the crib.


I can't, I'm Im responsible for job. So you responsible for, okay, I'm responsible for job. He good. He gonna wanna, he gonna wanna see. I can't see it. Hey man. Oh mind. I'm gonna take listen. Hey, hey Cornbread. I'm gonna take Cornbread. You been to Sies? No, I've never been there before. Uhuh. Okay, but come on, come on down here to Miami. I'm gonna take you to Sies. I'm gonna take John to Tussy. John wanna know if Miami got an offer, I'm, I'm gonna make sure wherever he go, I'm there. No problem. They ain't, they ain't what? We, they ain't what we need. That ain't what we need. Ocho don't need to be in Tussy, Ocho, he sure don't let get to this next topic. Eat. Oh, whoa, whoa. We going to eat Huh? Seafood Rice restaurant. They nah. Take take me. What? What's that? What's that? What's that? That that spot that got that thousand dollar steak.


Magic City Pop steak Pop Steak Poppy. We go to Poppy. What's the other one? Magic City. There you go. Hell pop. If if you, if if, if you spent more than a day in Atlanta, You know about that place. And listen boy, listen. Hey, I got him. I got, You know that's after signing a two year $20 million extension in February. Lonzo Ball expected to be made available in trade talks by the Bull balls 10 million annual salary, which includes a team option for 26 27 is easily digestible for contending teams in need of a guard depth.


Could we see Lonzo and Melo on the same team? I know their dad has always envisioned his boys playing together. Could this be the opportunity that they play together, Brad? No. No. I I'll ask you another question since you reading all this right now, the word is that the Lakers right now are interested in Krista Pius. How do you feel for what? You gotta tell me what was said. They big, that ain't no big, they need a big Well he, he's big. Nah, nah, he's slim. He he big. Well he ain't no big. He wanna play like a guard. You want him or you want Alex Lin what you want?


I, besides that, no. Oh. Oh man boy. Alex Lin was in Boston too. He terrible too. Oh, did I? I think that that, I think that this year is going to be a bunch of trades. I'm like Ocho this is gonna be a bunch of things going on. The only thing I'd be concerned about is we talk about the discipline. Pat Riley runs a really tight ship. Really tight. Yes. Now can he fit into that heat culture? Because heat culture has always been sacrificed for the team, the better of the team.


I'm not sure. And I've seen John Moray, he's as talented as anybody in the league. But is he, can he put himself in that system playing under Pat Riley and the Heat organization? That to me, I I don't see the app. It Brett, it's gonna happen. Brad, I done, I done talk to him already. I done sat down with him. You know, I done, I done talk to y'all and, and, and he has great standing on what he needs to do to come here. You know, You know you only get so many, you only get so many opportunities. You only get so many chances. Young boy. Ready for the mood though. Young boy. Ready? He's ready for Miami. Miami's ready to embrace him here in the 3 0 5 in D County in Liberty City. I'm telling you, y'all don't be listening to me when I tell you first I told you a month ago, I told you he was coming here.


Y'all, y'all laughed at me. Now all of a sudden now you hear reports about him coming. Hey, Ocho, Ocho, pat, pat. Hey, you gotta be Pat. Hey, you gotta be in there every Friday. Weight, body fat. They gonna be Yeah. You waiting? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We good. I'm they they got pre-practice before practice. Yeah. What d Wade and ud, they all in pre-practice before practice, right? Yeah. Look and and they gonna have people out there in the club, so they gonna know when you out and about and trying to shake your tail for He ain't gonna be, he ain't gonna be the club. He gonna be with me. He good. I got him. We, we don't, we don't, we ain't going out. We locked in. We focused, we trying to get back our winning ways.


Yeah. All right. All right. What you asking now? I'm saying, you're saying Tootsie, you're saying Tootsies? Is that where that's where it said in Miami. Tootsies. Yeah, up upstairs. Upstairs. Cornbread. Hey, come down here. You could go with me. Matter of fact, if you go without me, just tell him Ocho sense. You. You good man. Come on man. You come on. Come on. What? As soon as you walking toy it is scattered. It is everywhere. Come on now. Come on now. Hey, hey. It's nothing. It is, it is adult ballet. That's all it is. Adult ballet. Adult ballet. Okay. Yeah, babe. With glad with five five star food though.


We gonna get y'all outta here on this one. It's time for our final signal of the evening. It is time for q and a Red. It is way past your bedtime. We appreciate you staying up. We know your last snow in the bed at nine o'clock. Thank you. Thank you Marco. Polo tv said SGA, not PGA Lou dot on the wrong dork. Chet not in the game. Halle in a Headley. The coach was a racer. Kept them alive. A in five. Yeah. Come on. Alright, red 85 said Halliburton the heart Snatcher diabolical.


Yeah, he he, he put some people to bed tonight. Night night JJ said Phil fellows Halle has gone and have to play some defense. This series. Well, well he keep the game winning shots and they game close. He ain't gotta play no defense, man. The comments. Should OKCF started the fourth with FGA? No, because that's not what they normally do. But considering they normally start Stein and, and not the other guy, but hey, Paceon went on the run before he checked in around the seven minute mark. Felt like the momentum had already shifted by then. What you think guys should I think, I think, I think the momentum had had shifted and you might, You know, a lot of times you wanna bring a guy in as a closer.


I think they had a window of opportunity to get that thing up to 18, 19, 20 points. And without him being in the game, they struggled with everybody else being in that 1,000 was one that disappeared in this game. Yeah. You gave him those stats. And he's supposed to be the other dude he's in the commercial with you with, with SGA He's in in January. Yeah. In that phone commercial. Yeah. But he disappeared in that game. I think. Hey, I'm gonna tell y'all something. It, I think it may have been a little too fast for check out there, meaning, but here's the thing. If he the biggest, if he the biggest guy on the floor and he got the hedge on the screens or being a little soft catch, like they kind of got him in a hucklebuck every trip down the court and it just wasn't, it just wasn't a good look man.


He just seemed so frail under the goal when he did get chances to kind of score and all that, I'm like, man, you gotta keep that man on at the four. You don't play him at the five man. Keep that man at the four. Think about it though. They said that SGA should have started that game. That that's why he brought, that's why he had hoberg. That's why you bought him Hartenstein. That's why you bought Hartenstein is for that the energy guy to protect him. And when you made him a starter, which you did, you took away one of your biggest stress basketball was Shaa played 40 minutes tonight. So if you think about it now, you gonna play in 45 minutes.


Oh, I ain't, Hey, I ain't mad at the 40 minutes. Hell, they been off for a whole week. 10 days. Yeah, but that's the thing though. You, they saying start him at the start of the, at the start of the fourth. Well, I look there, there is a lot to second guessing. I don't know because normally, You know your best player. They normally get, they, they, they play out the third and then, well he probably came out, I don't know, he might've played the entire third. I was trying to watch and try to watch a whole lot of other things. But he normally gets his break. He normally gets a four minute break, five minute break to start on the fourth. Yeah, because normally at that point in time, he's probably played somewhere between 30 and 33 minutes.


Gentlemen, let me just say this, this is the NBA championship. I don't give a damn what you do. You change that. If you wanna win, you do what you need to do. And you talk about changing then changed Stein, then they, then they changed the best line up in the NBA that they did do that. So what's wrong? We give them a couple of more minutes. Especially if you were struggling offensively during that particular time, you could see the leaves start to dwindle. You could stick, you could see the brown stuff start to come down. Some of them people's legs in that building. That's what you could see. King's Journey said they got smelly it there.


I thought King's Journey said that the Pacers win game two OKC will get swept A Dab Smith Cornbread carved down buddy. It is one game saying Pacers are more physical than KC is crazy. KC didn't shoot or rebound. Well tonight, KC in five. Well a dab, lemme ask you this. Why didn't they shoot? Well why didn't they rebound? Well now who, it wasn't like they was out there playing themselves. Now who, who, who was the gentleman that said that his name is a dab? He, he, he one he a Dab Smith. He's one of our, he's one of our loyalists. Oh, I I don't think I've ever seen him play the NBA. I don't, I don't, I don't recall. You know who my May, maybe he know more than I do about the game.


May, maybe a day I, a day I a do whatever it is. I don't know. But, but I'm just telling you, when you play the game at a high level, and I understand yes, it is the first game, but haven't we been saying that the same thing about the Pacers in these last couple series? It's the first game. It's the first game and they keep, they won every first game. They keep advancing and that is not, that's not a good sign for a young team. That's been, there's one thing that you do, Joe, and this is what I look, You know what it is when you, you, you go in and you fight the bully, the strongest man out there you go punch him in the, punch him in the nose and everybody else start looking around going, damn.


I mean we something. Now what the Pacers did, they punched these dudes in the nose. Yeah, they're the best team in the NBA right now. They got punched in the nose. How will they respond? Dally fans New Jersey said, is Halle playoff run better than Reggie? I guess you talking about Reggie? Who? Reggie Miller? Yes. Yeah. Reggie Miller. Reggie Miller. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Confidence. Yeah. Yeah, confidence. DB said who They both have five Who's, who's playoff to take the lead? They, they both have five shots now to either tie the game or take the lead in the ball game for the Pacers.


Both have five, Halle has five and, and Reggie, Reggie has five. Well, look at considering Halle Bird has only been there for like three years. Yeah. Yeah. But look at that. Look at the game he played. We had the game that he had all them assists and low turnovers. Gie Miller never do that. No. Gie Miller's a great player, but Hall Burton is taking his thing to another level. I could think the only guy I could think who's played like that during that particular time, that was, that was step life to watch him do that. That was Steph Curry like to see him that You know that he's every game. Not every, not every single game. Shannon the same guy. Can't beat me on.


I, I saw a game, I saw this hard knocks thing that you were in and all this stuff was going on, and, and, and, and you can't beat me on the same damn play every time. I, I, damn I, somebody else gonna beat me I don't get, Joe. I'm telling you right now, somebody else beating me. You ain't getting the same guy, ain't getting the ball shooting it again. That ain't going happen. Hey man, confidence DMV said Halle Burton is the clutches player in playoff history. No, that's not Get crazy now. It's not. Get crazy crazy. He, he up there, I ain't gonna say he the clutches in playoff history, but he is definitely up there considering what he's done in, in all these series that they've played in.


Like he has been insane down the stretch. I'm talking about like, but Ball, but You know, well You know Robin Orry got a couple of big shots in playoff history that that won a couple championships. So, but Halle, what Halliburton is doing, we haven't seen it in at least two decades. Yeah. Especially in what, and I mean this playoff run, like I said, LeBron in 2017 when he hit the one in the shot, the beat Indiana hit the three. Yeah, he hit another, he hit a another shot off the glass to beat Toronto. Where he had like what, eight 40 point games? Yeah, that was, that. That might've been 2018. Take that back. But he had eight 40 point games in that playoff run.


And we, and we got have, we forgot about Magic Johnson as much as I wanna throw up now we forgetting about Oh you, which you, which year you talking about? You talking about that the, the the baby sky hooking hit on your up? Hmm. But you weren't there then. You weren't there. That was the eighties. No, I wasn't, I wasn't there. I was traded but still just that I, I gotta give him credit. He, although I hate him, I gotta give him credit. You know, you, you gotta give that game that he played against the 76 play. Oh, you talking about the 42 15 7, the 1980 game six. I mean we you got but also was around when he was, when he was tragic Johnson when he drove the park out, You know. He did. He did. Yes, I too, so I I know the man personally not like that.


I know him personally. Hey, but You know what, people forget that game that magic had 30, 30, 42, 15 and seven. Jamal Wills had 35. He was cooking. Yeah. Yeah. People and people don't, he would, he would lighten their ass up. HR can't 94. Go ahead. Go ahead Brad. But you can't, you can't take away from Jordan though. How you gonna take away, put them in you, you, you, you didn't say any need the Reakfast clutch. No, no, let's not do that. As much as I wanna say that let's not take away from Jordan. Please. That, that would make you sick. Shannon. I'm sorry. And and here's the thing I wanna make sure I say before I go to sleep at night, I want my damn alcohol.


Y'all said y'all were sending me. I ain't got my ca I ain't got my whatever's supposed to be coming to me coming. Sam, I'm you want, you wanted me to drive it up there by damn self. Well if you, if need me, damn, I, I get what you want. Do what you want me to do right now. Well what you want me to do Shannon? Now what I'm going right now you'll have the alcohol. It is being delivered. You got vanilla, you got me drinking vanilla extract right now. That what you got me? You got me Banana extract. You make sweet potato pie. A pound cake drink. Thank you. Thank you very much. Yes I am. It's not for delivery. It says it's gonna be delivered tomorrow.


Hey okay, okay. Okay. 94 9 5 9 6. It don't matter. No. Did you get yours, Joe, to get your yet? Look, I, I appreciate art 'cause I got a little care package. I got some gear, I got some Nightcap gifts so I ain't Hey look, don't I know misery loves company but don't try to throw me in this scoring bridge. I ain't with you on this man. Hey, but if you got a problem I want you to address these guys man. Let 'em know you got a problem. Drag me in this. Okay? Hell right. I didn't look Shannon, I didn't talk behind your back. I'm just telling you answer right now Joe. So like he got the gear. I want some damn gear now I whip mouth off the gear Ocho. Come on.


Come on now. Ocho come on now. Whatever. Listen, whatever, whatever you need, I listen. I got some, we got you, we got you covered. Okay. Okay. Alright, we got you covered. All producer. All right, all right. HR said 94 9 5 9 6. It don't matter. Pacers in six. Michael Oasis said Cornbread, Maxwell, Charlotte 49 alum. Great. Sheldon Pope Iso Joe. Were you in Atlanta doing the BMF days? Yeah. Hell yeah. I I, I get, I get on right on out the way when I see them come in. I, I go to the thing about me, I ain't trying to play tough. I ain't, when I, when I see because they used to be deep bro. They, they, they rolled 30 deep. If you went out and went to the club and you got you a section, shit, they gonna have the rest of the sections.


So you might wanna go get up outta there. I gone get up outta there Unc, I ain't, I ain't trusting nothing Kurt said. So Ocho, Unc iso, did Gerald Wallace ever pay Kobe that money for those free throws when you was in Brooklyn? I don't know if he did, but I do remember that. I do because Kobe beat what, 500? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He said be 500. Yeah. Did he close his eyes? No, he ain't, he ain't close his eyes. But You know he made both of 'em Joe. Yeah, he made 'em as I, I, You know, You know Gerald took that as a little joke but like, You know Kobe ain't really, he didn't really play a lot when, You know, when he was on the court, man, he was always serious, You know what I mean?


Yeah. He was always trying to cut your head off. So anything to try to get your head bro. Like he was the ultimate competitor. Ki Bernard what JR said Iso Joe was my favorite Hawks player. My question is where do you rank cocoa golf among tennis players? You must be mean current tennis players because if you talk about the greats, she ain't nowhere near the greats at Yeah, you got a with Rush. She 21. She Serena, Venus, Martinez, Martina, Monica Sellers. Damn. Chris Everett. Chris Everett, what the hell? Yeah, she can't, she can't get in the top 10. Hell no, she can't get in the top 10 right now.


I mean, hey, she's young. I mean she got tired but she, like I said, if you talk about right now, okay fine, but when you got Margaret Court, you got all these women that got 10, 15, 20 majors. Yeah. Step Grab won the Golden Slam. She won all four majors and she won the Olympic gold medal in 88. Serena, come on sells and I, I, that's the thing with Bread. Bread, you and I, we owned up to remember all of them. Absolutely. I was, I was in Houston my last year and Martina was on, was practicing and I walked in and she saw me, she said, come bread.


Hey, how you doing? I was, I was like, damn. All right lady, what's going on? How you feeling? So yeah, I so joke. I go back that far right now. Okay. One. How one feels Ocho walked to that 60 inch TV one time for Miami? Hell no. That's a long ass walk. I'm good. He got an iPads on the wall. Colin said Rogers is going to the Steelers about to give Tomlin his first losing season. He going to get harder than Ocho did. He gonna get hit harder than Ocho did by Ray and the season will be over? No, I he going he's gonna The Steelers?


Yeah. Oh is it? He's supposed to tomorrow. I think he's supposed to sign tomorrow. Yeah. That's a good, that's a good thing. Deshaun Allen said, Hey Unc Ocho Joe Cornbread. I would like to give you guy like to give you all a shout out to my dad Ken Smith, a happy 70th birthday, Deshaun happy birthday. Tell your dad happy birthday. Happy birthday. Ken Smith. Happy 70th birthday seven times around the sun. Damn. Congratulations. Hope you do something fun tomorrow. Enjoy it man. Well hit me in. No, hit me in November and gimme the same damn respect. Okay, there you go. Come on. Everything out November. What man?


What, what November? What November What? November 21st. Okay, well we remember that it's close to Thanksgiving. Yeah, we be passing our turkeys then. So we you be, you be good. That concludes this episode of Night Count. The Indiana Pacers go in and snatch get a victory in Game one. Thanks to Tyrese Halliburton game winning shot one 11 to one 10. They were down by as many as 15 points, but they come back and win the ball game. I am your favorite, Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, our partner number three in command here talking all things basketball, university of Arkansas alum, little Rock, Arkansas native third.


That's Iso Joe, Joe Johnson. And a special thank you to Cedric Cornbread, Maxwell Finals, MVP two time NBA champion in 1981 and in 1984. Thank you for stopping by to break this thing down with us Bread anytime. Stop by anytime you like, bro. We love having you all. We love chopping it up. We appreciate your analysis. Enjoy the night. But that package should be there tomorrow. If it's not there tomorrow, I don't know what to tell you. Don't call me. Yeah, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Each and every subscriber counts, each and every subscriber matters.


And we want to thank you for helping us matter. Thanks to your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth. Nightcap is a cool phenomenon and it's all because of you. We thank you very, very much. Make sure you check out Shaq by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, we're coming soon, but ordered online, we'll ship it directly to your door. The best tastings VSOP cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it, try it for yourself and let me know what you think. Please drink responsibility and stay and stay safe. Please follow my media company, Pedro, all of his platform, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone.


So please get yours while supplies last. Again, the Pacers take game 1, 1 10, 1 11 to one 10 over the a KC Thunder down by as many as 15 points. But Tyrese, Halliburton hit a shot with 0.03 seconds on the clock and they win it and they go up one oh over the favorite OKC Thunder. I'm up. He's Ocho. Iso Joe and Cedric Cornbread Maxwell, thank everybody for watching. We'll see you on Saturday. We're off tomorrow, but we'll see you Saturday. Thank you guys. The volume, This is an iHeart podcast.