
Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. You know I am. Well, there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal, wind chime post on Instagram, I saw, it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox TVA's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Thursday night Football is back touchdown and it's on Prime Video game changer. It all kicks off this Thursday with the Buffalo Bills taking on the Miami Dolphins and an A FC Showdown with football's best party TNF tonight, not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial today. It's the Bills and the Dolphins Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume


NFL week one is here and the new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the L fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns, Draftking hurt us and is delivering. DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new draft King customers bet. $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. Draft King Sportsbook app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hey ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe. He the guy that's late is your favorite. 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the legendary, the Pro Bowl of the all pro Liberty City zone. Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and please sign up for the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber counts. And thank you for helping us get to the top of the charts because we cannot do anything without you. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. If LA Porter is not in a state or a city near you, we can ship it right to your door.


So thank you guys for your support. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she, she media and my clothing company. And that's 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat tour. T-shirts, hats just dropped this week. There are two versions of the tee on the site, the tour version tee with the dates on the back, the c the states, the cities that we went to, Atlanta, Houston, and Dallas. That's 42 bucks. The print only on the front is $38. We greatly appreciate your support, And, if you use the VIP code for an additional 10% off ocho. I know we got off to a late start tonight. Let's talk about why and how we got off to the late start.


We, we wasn't late. We right on time, baby. We we right on time. You can hear me? Yes, I hear you. I hear you. Go ahead. Okay, now we want, we want, listen, I know we a little, we we a little behind schedule. Right? You know, I was on my flight. I flew spirit today, as you know, from Miami to get to Chicago. And I was, you know, I just wanna save a little money. So I've been doing this for about maybe 10, 15 years. I always have somebody pick me up when I'm flying into a city or a state where I feel safe, especially if it's a follower of mine. So I had a, a follow of mine, pick me up. His name was Alex. He was really cool, really cool dude. And as soon as he opened the car door and he got out the car door to greet me, the car door locked by accident, the car door locked by accident.


So I would've been on time. But the fact that we had to wait for the tow truck and them to bring the slim gym was the reason for my delay and get into the hotel a little late. But I'm here now. Lemme ask You here now. So when you go, when you go to ESPN, you go, you take, you have people pick you up from the airport. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, you don't. When you do inside the NFL, you have people pick you up from the airport. Yeah. At the beginning. Yeah. No, you don't. So I've just tried to figure out why would your show, would you choose to take that route where you don't take that route for ES ESP and inside? But I Do. I wasn't lying. I'm dead. I'm dead serious.


When I, when I fly in the Philly, I have somebody pick me up from Philly. When I fly into New York, I have somebody pick me up from New York. I'm, I'm, I'm serious. And Well, that ain't what they told me. I just, I just talked to ES ESPN travel. Hold On, listen to me. Now it is documented on it's documented. I, I just telling you Ocho I'm just telling you what they told Me. But all you have to do is just search my tweets. I've been doing it the past 15 years. I always do this. I'm not saying that, but Yes sir. Talk to me now Again, Ocho this is part of your show, Right? Right, right, right. Why would you be late? Why would you run the risk of being late to your show? Well, I Didn't wanna be late, I just told you what happened. I would've been on time. But due to unfortunate circumstances of him locking the keys in his car, which I documented, I was just a little laid Up one. Why don't you, oh Joe, why don't you just, why don't you just have the people that you're working for, just having them to book you a cost service?


I don't like cost service. I don't like cost service. I don't like car Them people, they, they, they be, they'd be mean and they be bougie. I don't like, you know, they be in suits and ties and shit. I, that don't make me comfortable. That don't make me comfortable. What makes me comfortable is like, like being able to the, the sit down and talk. You wanna be comfortable or you wanna be professional? Me? No, I don't wanna be, no, I wanna be comfortable. I wanna talk to people that I can relate to. Okay. Yeah. I'm just, but you see, I heard the thing Ocho you say you wanna be a professional, you wanna do ESPN, you wanna do all these professional things, but you want to take a bootleg route. No, No, no. I wanna re I wanna remain my authentic self the same way I've always been and do those things. Okay. Is that okay? No. Okay.


Lemme know how that work out for you. Colorado lost in Nebraska. 28 to 10 Husker dominated from start to finish. Jumped out to a 28 nothing lead. Last week, prime coach Prime told the home crowd team was one step closer to reaching a ball game. And he said in January, his team was definitely going to be a, a contender in the college football playoff Saturday night. The second team Colorado did not. The second game, it did not look good either. Offensive line, either offense or defensive line played well. The running game still is non-existent. 22 Carrieds 16 yards. The buff in the second half, they did get on the scoreboard. What they scored 10 points they lose 28 to 10 ocho.


I don't know how much of this game you saw. Yeah, I saw it. I saw it, I saw it, I saw it. I, I was, listen, I honestly on, I felt watching the off season, watching the recruiting po process, seeing some of the players that left and some of the players that were coming, my thoughts had completely changed on me thinking the Colorado bus gonna look a little different. Now the important part for them in being able to compete with the schools that are better would be the interior, the offensive line and the defensive line. And after watching today's game and from the beginning, from the start of the game when the Colorado Buffaloes were on offense and number zero, whoever number zero was remember the, remember the movie the program.


Remember the movie the program and Latimore and, and to watch him dominate the offensive line like that, it just, it it, it, it kind of reminded me of, okay, now we right back at square one like we were last year. It, it, it that, that's what it reminded me of. So the, the, the things that I thought were fixed and the issues in order for Colorado to be able to be able to compete at the highest level and, and, and contend. I think we we're now, we're right back at Square one based off what I saw tonight. Offensively and defensively, there's no reason Nebraska, well there is a reason Nebraska was able to run down the throat of the Carlo Colorado defense right down their throat.


Why? Because the interior, the defensive line is astout enough to be able to compete with the better teams. So there's still issues that need to be fixed. And it's right there. The meat potatoes, the inside the interior. I agree. I had concerns last week and I told you I had concerns that I saw some of the same things that I saw last year that caused me to be concerned. Yes, sir. And everybody, oh, it's one game. You see, you see how you speak bad about the black coaches? No. You see, I speak truth now. I see why. I see why politicians get elected because people like being lied to. When I tell you the truth that Colorado can't run the football just like they couldn't run it last year.


They couldn't stop the run. Just like they couldn't stop it last year. They couldn't protect your door just like they couldn't last year. He's holding onto the ball too long just like he did last year. Oh. Oh. How did you not look at that first game and see some of the, a lot of what happened last year? How could you see it had not reared his head. And I'm not saying that North Dakota State, that's a football team. And, we gonna talk about Notre Dame, how they lost to north northern Illinois. And. we see Alabama was in a nip tuck ball game late in the fourth quarter and then blow it open. So I'm not saying that, but when you look at an FCS team and they're having success running the football, they're having success, putting pressure on your quarterback.


What happens when you step up in level of competition? When you go and you face teams in the Big 12, what do you think they're gonna do? Because they got legit d, d and O line. And, and that's, that's a concern, that's a concern of mine coming into the season. And I'm still Concerned. Right. I I have a question now from an offense standpoint. Yes. Now I think I'm not a coach by no means, but I'm just, I'm I'm just saying based off what I've seen and you say at your door holding the ball a little too long, if you have a offensive line, excuse me. If you have a defensive line that is, is continuously sacking your quarterback and applying pressure the way, the way they are. I'm just saying from what I saw, I think they should have went to the quick game a little bit more.


You know, stop spread it out so wide. Yeah. Condense, condense the formations. Putting players in motion, having crossing routes so that so shado can get the ball outta his hands and find somewhere the rhythm and that way to get the passing game going instead of having them in shotgun or having them drop back or anything over five or seven step drop. Just hurry and get the, get the ball out fast and probably get a drive and try to get a drive going just to get, just to get the quarterback and rhythm with the receivers. But I mean, listen, I I I didn't, I didn't know, I know Nebraska's good. I think they looked a little better. They looked a little better because Colorado wasn't able to make the adjustments necessary to compete with them.


Even if, even if they players a little better interior, you know, in, in the interior. I, I could be wrong, But look, Nebraska is better. Last year was Matt rule's first year. So normally the second year, you know, you get the players that you really want. 'cause a lot of times you gotta, you gotta keep some holdovers even though it's a transfer portal. You can, guys are gonna leave and some guys are gonna come, but you need to get your guys in there. The kind of guys that you want, you know, the offense, the defense, you know the type of player that you want. So it normally takes you a year to two to get your type players in there. But the Colorado went forward on fourth downs. And they lost yard.


They lost yard on third down, it was third and one. Now it's third and two and they lose again. Now it's fourth. And now they get stopped. Right. They can't, you 22 carries 16 yards. And my thing is, look, I the offensive line isn't very good. And I, and they told us the offensive line was gonna be better. They told us the defensive line is gonna be better. They still can't part consistently rush the quarterback ocho without sacrificing their back end and bringing extra people. Right. They can't stop the run consistently. Right. They get gash. Hence they had 35 Karas a buck 49 and two touchdowns. The other team Colorado had 22 carries. 6 22 carries 16 yards. When you can't run the football, you can't stop the run.


You can't pressure the quarterback. You can't protect your quarterback. Tell me how you win. Yeah. I mean, you can't, you can't, you can't at out, out of everything you just named. You have to be, you have to be good at at least three of them. At least three of them. You, you gotta be good. So what is Colorado good at right now? Ocho Let be honest, we can have an honest conversation because nobody wants time to do do to, to do well better than I do because I know him on a personal level. Most definitely. And I know how much he's put invested of his time. I know how much this means to him. So nobody wants him to do better than I do. Right. But when you look at this te when you look at Colorado and I need you to be objective.


Yes. 'cause I know a lot of us in the chat, we want us to, we want time to do well. We want Coach Prime to do well. Y'all call him Coach Prime. I call him time, but we want him to do well. Tell me one thing they're good at Right now as, as of week two of based on what we saw. I mean, not not much honestly. I mean they, they they have, they have the tools. They they have the tools, they have the talent at the skill position. But where it matters most and you know that, you know what it matters most in college, the interior, your offensive line. Yeah. You gotta be able to the line. If you can't stop the run, it starts up front. If you can't protect your quarterback, it starts up front The skill position.


The skill position is where the money is. And now, now we have that. Right. We have that. You know, and we're being, I'm talking about we, they they're being, they're being exposed. They're being exposed. Yeah. Because they lack depth and they lack, I I hate you. I hate I keep using the same context and using meat potatoes because that's, that's the only thing I can think of that that's what it takes. You'll take some hogs, you need some hogs up front on both sides of the ball. And that's where we're lack. That's where they're lacking. You gotta be able to look, you gotta be able to protect your quarterback and you gotta be able to pressure the quarterback. And sometimes it's okay to throw the ball away. It's okay to throw the ball away and make it second and 10.


It's o it's okay to throw the ball away and make it 37. I know it's gonna look bad on your staff, but look at this point in time, there's nothing. Completion percentage is not, somebody is not, they're not going to elevate your door Sanders up or down because they're evaluating him saying that's a smart play. He didn't take a sack, he didn't take an unnecessary hit by throwing the ball away late. Just throw the ball away. Just throw it away. That's okay. I'm not, if I'm looking at your door, I'm looking at how well he processes information. I'm looking at how well he goes from one to two to three if possible. Check down, throw the ball away. That's what I'm looking at. Oh, he got a 75% completion percentage versus a 65.


Right. Okay. Words to 10% drop off. Oh, that was a good throwaway right there. Ocho aborted the sack, aborted a loss, kept them in field goal range. I'm processing the entirety of the game. I'm not looking at no completion opportunity because I'm not gonna elevate him or downgrade him. Right. Based on that, I will elevate or downgrade him based on the decisions that he make and what I can say. He should have known better than to take that sack. He should have thrown that ball away. He knew better than the Yeah. So it's a zone coverage with that. Pick six. First of all, the corner doesn't sink because there's nobody going deep. He saw the guy just run a stop route, sit there, he see the inside guy run a stop route.


So why would he back? Yes, there Was no need. Now you in the middle of the field and you going throw way outside. You, you can't, you listen for, for one, for for one. Unless the corner is way off at seven yards and you staring him down at the snap of the ball and he's backpedaling. That's the only time you throw through the, the wise side of the field. You don't throw. That's calling the rule number one. As a quarterback, you don't throw to the wise side of the field. You, you, you should know that. But here's the thing. Why would the corner backpedal when the guy that he's over runs a stop? Yeah. It's, and the guy on the inside, he runs. Yeah, no, it's no threat. So why am I backpedaling? Ain't nobody there to threaten me. Right? There's no threat. I'm just going, Hey, I'm just going sit now if, and I'm saying to myself, if he throw this ball, oh, I'm, I'm, I gotta for fix, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get that.


And matter of fact, you gotta think about it too. You gotta think about down the distance. What's the chances of actually calling a go route off the goal line? You, you go straight to quick game anyway. So the, as the dv your defensive coordinator probably ordering your ear, telling you, listen, something, something coming out quick slant the quick game. Yeah, it got to, it got to. And first of all, I know you're not gonna run anything deep because your old line can't hold upo and you guys don't like the Max Protect, I'm looking at the formation. You can't max protect from that formation. So now I already know it's Something quick, man. And listen, I and, and the, the i I mean see, for, for us or for or for you. I mean me watching the game on, on the, on the plane, I'm thinking to myself, you know what they can't block for ur so let's get him out the shotgun.


But if you go, oh, if we are gonna keep him in the shotgun, condense the formations so it doesn't take the route so long, the process because the dude, they think they get there so fast. So I'm thinking just go to the quick game and get a drive going and get them d linemen a little bit tired because they just, soon as he drop back, as soon as you get the ball, they on his head. Ocho you know why they like that? Because I know you can't run the football. It's


Back to everything season on the Today Show. It always feels so good to get back To it, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up Or it's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the Day. Make it alright.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut. Help available for problem gambling? Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Attention parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles. Got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've gotta check out guardian bikes featured on Shark Tank and awarded the top Kids bike in 2024 by the New York Times. Wirecutter Guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


You ran the ball 22 times for 16 yards. That's negative yards. So where you going? I'll, I'm gonna attack the quarterback. I'll play the run on the way to the quarterback. Right. I also know your line is suck is leaky. Yeah. And your quarterback likes to hold onto the ball. Right. You can't run it. You can't pass protect And your quarterback likes to hold onto the ball. I'm coming to get him every time. Yeah. Here's hey. Pin all the way back. Pin all the way back. I'm not even the d-line. Coaches say, don't even and look here. If they run it, they throw me.


Go hunt the quarterback Now flip it around the bus on defense. They Can't get no pressure. Unc None. They Can't get no pressure. None. I mean, you got, you gotta have one dog. I mean either, either a DT tackle that can cause some type of, some type of confusion and some type of disruption of the offense and the timing of it. Or have somebody on the edge that you have to account for. I mean, you basically, Nebraska basically didn't have to account for anybody on defense. No, you didn't have to account for Anybody. You gotta have a det tackle that could collapse the pocket and inside OCHO, sir. Or you need to have a edge presence that can force them up. So your defense, your d tackles can get it. Yeah, they don't have anybody. They can't collapse the pocket from the inside.


They don't have a edge. They don't have twitch on the edge. So now you see the quarterback just Yeah. Yeah. All day. All day. They just don't have ocho they just don't have the pieces. Let's, let's be honest, they got, they got a quarterback, they got a wide receiver. Horn is a nice, is a nice two receiver. He's really good. He's good. He's a good player. He ain't trav and they got SHA door, but they don't have enough pieces to contend at that level. They just don't. So Let me, And, and, and I, I don't know. Look, he, he done tried it. You know, he gets the transfer portal. They brand 45 guys. A lot of guys left, but they, you gotta get, look, if you want to hunt, you've got to get the right kind of dog.


Mm. It's as simple as that. And I don't, I don't know how many look i I grew up on in the country, so I know about hunting. You have a bloodhound, you have a blue tin, you have a black in tan. Yeah, you have a red bone. Hey, you have a tree and walker. You have different types of dogs to do different types of things. Right. We have bulldogs, we have shepherds to catch hogs, but we have a specific type of dog when we want to track deer or we want to track hunt raccoon. And then you have a different type of dog. When you start doing phe, you have pointers that are going into the bush and they'll stand on attention to let you know.


He in that bush, they won't move because they don't want him to shoot until you're ready. But he'll let you know right now. See you don't have dog to hunt. It's really that simple. So how long does, I don't How do, how do you, how do you say it? You said it took Matt Rule one or two years to get it together. How long will it take Prime to be able to get the type of dogs that's necessary to be able to compete within Nebraska's, be able to, to compete with the well North Dakota State. I mean we, we, we, they, they won but they, they didn't win convincingly. Look, you have to understand, and people look at you, look at look at, look at Coach Saban how soon he turned that around.


But Alabama was a team that players wanted to go, like to go to anyway. So it it really, they won a couple games, it's, and now all of a sudden they gonna start coming back. Ocho it's kind like Miami. Miami went through that law. Yeah. Hell, they all the players from Florida, they started going to Alabama. They going to Ohio State, they going to Michigan. They going Georgia. Okay. Miami start winning. They start getting some of those guys back. Well, Colorado it's been a while since they had a program. It's not like Coach McCartney's CU Buffs when they used to be when they had Cordell and they had Brook and they had Alpha Alfred, William and B Enemy and JJ Flanagan and they had Christian Fourier, they had K McGee, they had Dion figures.


Yeah. They used to have a wall. Yeah. They, they were nice And they kept getting, they was going down to Houston, they was going to c they was going to California in getting those guys. Well it's been a, it's, it's hard. It's gonna take him longer to probably get the type of player. So where it took Matt Rule, maybe two years, possibly three. It might take Prime three to four years to get the type of the CAPA dog that he wants to go hunting with. Right. Damn. But but you look at Alabama, when Alabama went that, you look at what they put out. Look at all the offensive linemen that go first round. Look at all that defensive lineman. Look at the Quinny Williams and the bar boards.


You look at all those guys, you look at those linebackers. Could you, could you, could you imagine though, imagine if Prime had those type of individuals at his helm right now early where you didn't have to wait, you know, three or four years to get those type of players in your program. Look, I understand what time, time wants to get proven players, guy that's in the portal, right Guy that's in the portal. They've already in college. So they already are familiar with a college schedule. They know what study hall, they know training, they know practice. They know to go to class. But I don't know if I'm going weigh so heavily. I still think you have to go get some, some high school players.


Excuse me, Ocho you gotta get some. You're not gonna, you got, but high school players aren't gonna be able to contribute right now, right away. Yeah. They, yeah. Hey, you see that 17-year-old Alabama Two? Oh boy. Hey. Yeah boy, He's seven. He's supposed to be a senior high in high school. Hey Unc, he's, He's a two time Mr. He's a two time Mr. Alabama in, in football. He said hell for this. Let me go get a talent. That's what you gotta understand. Now you gotta understand that's a special talent. Some, some players are some players. How do you say it? Not ahead of ahead, ahead of the curve. I I don't know. He's ahead of The curve. He's ahead of the curve from an athletic standpoint. Yeah. Well he's able to go to Alabama and fit right in. Like he been playing in college the past two, three years.


He, that guy from, what's the receiver number four from Mo Ohio State. Are he From the crib? Right? He's another one. He from the crib. He from the crib from Shaman. Oh, he the real Yeah, Jeremiah Smith. He, he's ahead of the curb. You saw him hit his head off the goal post today on the little stick route. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He caught, I holler at you. He called down that little slant. Yeah, that little Seattle route Outta There. The Scene gone. He's he's ahead of the curve. Yeah, but it's gonna take, it's going, it's gonna take a while. It's gonna take a while. And the thing is, is that are there are, are the buffs gonna be patient? Ooh, I don't, I don't like the way you say that. Now when, when you say the buffs you mean upstairs?


Are they gonna be patient? Yeah. Yeah. For sure. I mean you don't think it'll come down to that though, huh? I mean I think, I think I thinking What what what in what in life isn't a bottom line business in sports is, look, I got a menu, sir. This is my menu. Yeah. At Club Sheha, the only thing I serve, doves and s only serve wins and losses. 'cause that's all it's about in post sports, right. All that other stuff is, is dressing win? Did you win, did you lose? That's all they wanna know.


I mean I, They fired Larry Coker from Miami after going, what? Eight and four. The guy won a national championship, lost it. Shoulda have won back to back national championship because that wasn't passing inter offense. But anyway, they threw the flag. They they Ohio State game And they fired him on Joe. Yeah. I think, I just think the thing of, you know, sometimes you look some time is a, is a product of his own success. They see how quickly he turned around Jackson State and it's like, okay, we can do that. And he, early on he had great success. But I think, I think personally think it's probably, it's probably a three that's Colorado as bad as it's been, it's probably a three to four year deal.


Okay. Do you, you, you think administration understand that you think the people in positions of power above prime's head understand that, that it's a three or four year deal to be able to get the type of players you want to get in there to be able to look at the menu and see that the winds are starting to come on that side of the column? Well, here's the thing. When I look at an ocho, I can stomach losing if I think we're improving. Listen what I'm saying now I can stomach losing if I think we're improving. When you look at the buff And, if you look at it objectively, the D line isn't better.


The o line isn't better. They don't run the ball better. They don't pressure the quarterback better. Right. They got two highly, highly, highly skilled players, quarterback and the wide receiver. But I don't care how great your quarterback is, if I beat him up, I can neutralize it and then I can throw on everybody else. I mean, just like time, I ain't gotta, I ain't gotta prove how tough I am to try to throw at Travis Hunter. I can just go pick on everybody else. But damn. That's the thing with coaches. That's why I never want to be a coach Ocho because I don't get to directly control what happens.


I do the best job I can of coaching the players and, and and letting them know, okay, this is what we expect gonna happen. But at the end of the day, once I get out there, yeah, it's outta my hands And I don't, I don't like that man. I don't, that's the, that's the part I don't like is that you could listen, think about the time you put in, think about the hours, think about all the film study that they put in all the work throughout the week, preparing for Nebraska, breaking film down, you know, having the music, blasting the music that you're gonna hear once you, once you at their stadium playing as you practice. So you you're used to it. Yeah. And then to go out there and all the work all the time, all the film you've put in and the results don't show up.


Like as, as a coach that, that as a coach, that would bother me. Which is why I also couldn't coach. But Nah man, it's tough man. That, that's Tough. Hell being, being a leader on the team and having the coach more phones up. Right. And that's really not my job to make sure when guys come in and outta the huddle ocho I, my first a you know what you got because if you a, you hot now, but not with one with two. So, you know, I, I'm making sure a, I'm telling John, even though I know he knows I'm gonna remind him a seven. I'm your check down, I'm your hot.


And sometimes he ask go, where's my, yeah, I got you. Normally because I was always closest to him. More times than not, I was gonna be the hot guy. But I also knew was it gonna take one or if he had empty protection, all it takes is one to make it hot. If we, if we got a back in the back field, it's gonna take two because t can td can take one and the other we hot off the other one. But yeah, it's, I, I, I don't, I don't, I never wanted to coach. I understand people that do want to get in coaching time has always wanted to coach. Even when he first got outta the league, he was coaching his sons. We went to the Hall of Fame. He brought a boat lo boatload of kids up to play in, in, in, in tournaments.


But that wasn't my thing. That's his thing. But he'll get it turned around. Ocho number five, Notre Dame suffered a shocking loss. Nobody's surprised 'cause Notre Dame does this all the time. Yeah. They lost to Northern Illinois. 16, 14. Yeah. In South Bend after missing a 60 yard field. 62 yard field. Go on the last play. It's the first time NIU has beaten a top team, a top 10 team in school history. Notre Dame paid Northern Illinois $1.4 million to come kick their ass. Oh, okay. Check this out. Notre Dame Marcus Freeman loses for the third time as a home, as a massive, massive favorite. Yeah. He lost, they were favored by 28 by 28 points.


Today they lost 1614. In 2022 they was favored by 16 over Stanford. They lost 1614 in same year. 2022. They was favored by 20 over Marshall. They lost 26, 21 after Notre Dame quarterback Riley threw an interception with 5 55 left. They were leading 1413 NIU drove 31 yards and 11 plays got a 35 yard field goal from Canon, Canon Wood, Woodhill Woodhill to take a lead with 31 seconds. The loss comes after one week. Remember they went on the road, went to Cal Allen Field. Yeah. And Texas a and M1 2313.


We looked at the schedule or you remember they only had like three, they only had like two or three road games. Right. I mean, true road games. Everything else was kind like neutral site or they played in South Bend. Everything was really set up perfect for them. And they gagged so early in the season. Do do you think, I think most of these losses too, if you think about it, I'm not sure most of these losses where they were favored to win by whatever the score, whatever the score was, they, They were favored by 28. Yeah. I mean this week I'm talking about in 2020. I mean the previous years. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it was at be, I think they were at the beginning of the season too. If, if I'm not mistaken, I think they were, all of them were at the beginning of the season.


And do you, do you think because it's only week two for collegiate football, it has anything to do with anything like offense? Listen, defenses are gonna be ahead of the curve because all they have to do is read and react. All they have to do is read and react as far as offenses, it take 'em maybe week three, maybe to week three to week four to find their rhythm as a offense. Do do, do you, do you believe in that at all? Or, or, or not really That, that could be ojo, but I have a very, I had to learn a hard way alert. A very simple Yes sir. Philosophy, respect, everyone, underestimate no one and you'll be fine. You look at, oh man, that's northern Illinois and they ain't got no business on the field with us.


And the next thing you know, we're in the fourth quarter and it's a one point game. Well now OCHO oh oh ain't gonna help you because they believe they can be jazzed. See what you do is that you killing that with sledgehammer hammer. You go out, you jump on 'em 28, nothing in the first quarter. They lay down, You give them no hope, hope they lay down. They're like, oh man. But at least we got our budget taken care of. We got paid 1.4 to come take this ass with it. Now you let a team, the later they go into the game more confident they gonna get ocho. Oh Yeah. Just like a cowboy. If that bull ain't buck bucked his ass off in the first, the first spin, he gonna get confidence. He believe he could ride it. He believe he can stay on him the whole eight seconds.


Well you hadn't gotten rid of him through the first three quarters. Now you midway through the fourth quarter ocho and it's a nip tough ball game. A field goal here or a touchdown there. And they can win. They're not going anywhere. They're gonna play, they're gonna play above probably what they could have. But man Ocho, this is, this is, this is, ugh. This is, this is a horrible loss. Yeah, most definitely. You Can't, you can't have like this Man, especially this early in the season. And do, do you think Uhuh, you think a loss this early would affect them when it comes playoff time or no? Oh hell yeah. Now you do have 12 teams, right?


So they, they'll they'll get in, they they'll they'll still get in. I mean 'cause they, there were so many one loss teams that made it actually that got in last year. Yeah. But this now you gotta run the slate. Yeah. You gotta run the gauntlet. You gotta run the whole gauntlet. Yep. And you know, you still got, you know, you still got those teams in the CC you know it, it's gonna be tough. 12 teams, it's a lot different. This probably would've doomed them had it just been the 14 situation. But because you got 12, there's still an outside chance they can get in Ocho you can run the table. But I think the thing is now is that when you lose to this, your aura and invincibility OCHO team believe they can beat you.


Because now they say, Hey, northern Illinois went in there and beat them. Now you, now you got to play, you've got to play your best game every single week because people believe they can beat your ass. I mean you Just, you can't have, sometimes, Sometimes, even though you can't have losses like this, sometimes it's a good wake up, wake up call. Not even for the coach, for the players, because I, I know the coach didn't under underestimate their opponent. You know, I'm sure they prepared the same way they prepared last week. Sometimes the players might play down to your competition. To their competition. You do. It happens. It happens. And I'm sure it's a good wake up call for them. Of course. So they know they gotta get, they, they gotta get they shit together next week.


Yeah, you do. You and you know, you sometimes you have to learn the hard way. Ojo, you know, sometimes you don't realize. You have to bump your own head to realize it hurt somebody. Tell you, man, I walked into that wall, man that shit hurt. You Know, until you do it, man, you never know until you do It. Then you gotta pump. Now you gotta pump not on your head. And so now you understand what it feels like. Yeah.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meets today, back the day make it all


When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Attention parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've got check out guardian bikes featured on Shark Tank and awarded the Top Kids bike in 2024 by the New York Times Wirecutter Guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


This Is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. eBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is at the moment I got it. I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers. I need to tin out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoy myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts. You can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it And with eBay guaranteed fit. It's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices, you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


OCHO number three, Texas goes on the road for the second year in a row, be the top 10 team. Very tough place to play. They rolled Michigan 31 12. Texas is two and oh all time against Michigan. Quinn Ewers 24 36, 2 46, 3 touchdowns. Now you see why you go ahead and get that Contract. Hold on now. Wait, wait a minute. See this is not fair. This is this, this is, this is what's not fair. This is what's not fair. What what's the, what's the head coach at Michigan? That's, that's Sharon Wright. Mr. Wright, this is, this is what's not fair for Mr. Wright. You think about Michigan W right? Moore. Shaone Moore. My Moore, shaone Moore. This is what not fair about the Michigan thing. For one, he's not under contract.


Right? Right. He's not under contract. He has no money coming in. Not only that, I think about Michigan being number 10. Rank number 10. Right. But everything, the ranking is based on what they did last year. Not what they have, not what they have now as far as kids players. So many, so many kids are gone and have left, which are the reason for them being number 10. So it's, it's like it almost puts him in a, puts him him as a, I call him an interim coach. Because, because you ain't getting paid. And, and I think that's another reason why they didn't pay him. Maybe he's not the one they want for the job because they know the team is not the same and they know that they're probably not going, that's Why you get your money.


Yeah. Yeah. And, and now it, Because now you don't. Now It makes sense to me too. Huh? Go ahead. Now it makes sense to me why they hadn't come to terms for the deal yet. Because they knew that the team wasn't going to be as good and that he's not the guy they wanted for the job. I think that's the game they playing. I think the thing is that they, they, they like, they felt obligated because what Jim Harbaugh was facing some suspensions. He filled as, at the interim, he was the offensive coordinator. He did a great job, blah, blah blah X, Y, and Z. Look how good it is to go, j understand when Harbaugh was gone and he fills in as an interim coach, you know how easy it's to fill in when everything is already put together, when all the players are there on offense, when all the players are there on defense, it's really easy for it to look good.


But when all those players leave and now you starting over from scratch, this is what you get. That's why they ain't give 'em a deal. And they knew that they, they they playing a game and I didn't, I didn't know. I didn't, I didn't notice the game until today. Oh, you thought that's normal that people get coaching jobs and don't get paid. Listen, I now, hey listen, I see the play. I see the play, I see what they're doing. Whoever the athletic director is. I see what you're doing. Texas got a stick. When you go on the road in consecutive years, you go to Alabama and Tuscaloosa and you win and you go on the road in the big house and you bust that.


Yeah. You know what I mean? This game wasn't even close. I mean 31 12. Like 31 12. No, it, I mean No, no, no, no, no, no. This game wasn't close Texas number on them. Hey, Texas is good. They, they d They Texas. Texas show and they belong. Hey, the SEC welcome They D line. Oh. Oh. They get after Man Yours. I don't know. I don't know what them boys, Didn't he transfer from Ohio State? He went, he transferred from Ohio State. Like McCord, the guy at Syracuse, he transferred from Ohio State. But that just goes to show you the talent that they had at Ohio State.


Because remember the wide receiver Jameson? Yeah, Jameson Williams. He transferred. Wait, he was, he was there first He was at, yeah he was at Ohio State. Yes. With O Live A and Garrett Wilson J's too. It's too many. They got, they got so much talent Man. Yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes. Damn. Yeah, Joe Burrow, he was at Ohio State. Wait, Joe was at Ohio State first. Yes. So listen. Yes, Hold on. So you think they think they have favoritism? You think it's favoritism for who they wanna start When you have that, that amount of that much talent at one school mean why, who was in front of Joe?


Shit, everybody, to be honest with you, Joe, I be, oh Joe. Yeah, everybody. Damn. I mean you think about it, Jamon Williams, he left. He is the first. Right. He's a top 10 pick. But look at Olave, look at Gary Wilson, Jackson Smith and Jig book. But They had, listen that's, that might be, that might be receiving you And what you call them and then what you call 'em came like the next year. Marvin Harrison Jr. That's crazy. All of them at the same time. Yes. They just plug. Yes. You know what they remind me of? Ain't nothing but the, the hurricanes of the nineties. Florida state of the nineties. Yeah, the Florida Gators of the nineties. Yes. They plug a receiver after receiver after.


'cause everybody was staying home. All the talents, Remember those running back Alabama had those running backs. Remember they had Derrick Henry. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And they had, what's the guy, what's the guy? Cama had New Orleans who transferred At the same time. Alvin Cama. He he transferred? Yes. Oh, Derrick Henry. All those guys. All those guys. Because it was just one Mark Ingram. And then you had Lacey, and then you had this one and you had that. Yes. Oh, remember Trent Richardson? Remember Trent Richardson? Yes. Yes. That that's crazy. That's crazy. Yes. You got to go. Same thing with the wide receiver. Look at the wide receiver you have. They go Julio, and then they go Ari, and then they go Ridley.


And then they go Judy. And they go rugs. And they go waddle. And they go to Vte Smith. Nasty, nasty Rug. Yes. And the guy that he, he went to, to Houston Mitch. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mitch John Guns. Yeah. He nice. He nice, he nice, he nice. So yeah. But Texas, Texas did a number of Michigan. They did a number more Michigan, Texas. Texas. Texas looked like the real deal man. I mean, two teams I can honestly say look like the real deal. Georgia. Georgia got stink, man. Man, Georgia aint a, Kirby got the voice. The Georgia gonna be like that for a while now Georgia's Finn to be like that for a while. 'cause now where you think everybody want to go, where you think everybody wanna go.


Yep. And the thing is, hey, you got to get out of there. 'cause there ain't no guarantee. You gonna be the starter. You go over there to, oh nah, I'm gonna start Uhuh. You be on the beach. Listen. Yeah, You got to get up out. You gotta get up out there. 'cause it, there's greater competition. When you go to a Georgia, you go to a Alabama, you go to a, a Miami and you play a field position because think about what's, what's behind you. Yeah. Julio got Amari behind him and Amari had really behind him. And then you got Judy, you got rugs, you got Waddle, you got Devonte Smith, you got met, you got Jameson Williams. So, oh, first Matter Fact, think about this. Now that's a testament to how good young Bull is.


That's at Alabama right now. That's only 17. The the true Freshman. Yeah. He's supposed to be a senior in high school. Man, how You a fry? You a freshman and you at Alabama, you start and you cutting up like that right away. Yeah. You gotta be special. You gotta be special where you don't have to wait your turn. Man. I'm, I'm, I'm sad about, I'm sad, I'm sad about that Michigan, that Michigan hold. Just everything going on right now. 'cause I, I I see, I see what the athletic program or the athletic director is doing. The Young Bulls to Mr. Moore. I, I, I see it. I see it's coming at some point. Another loss. Maybe two more, more. 'cause they know they can't compete because all the players are gone.


They gonna try to find him. They gonna try to find him. They gonna, they gonna get him up outta there. After Kyle McCord threw for 354 yards in four touchdowns in week one and a win over Ohio. Syracuse head coach Fran Brown said he planned to send a ball of champagne to Ohio. Ohio State's Ryan Day for allowing McCord to hit the transfer portal today McCord threw for 381 yards, four touchdowns in an upset win over number 23. Georgia Tech McCord is the first a CC quarterback to throw for 350 yards and four scores in consecutive games. Since Kenny Pickett did it in three straight games or pit in 2021. McCord was widely cast as the fall guy.


Ohio State's inability to beat Michigan last season and the Buckeyes moved to Kansas State Transfer. Will Howard, they pay good, they pay good money to get Will Howard too. What? You Know the numbers. I just wanna know the numbers. Well they say, they say that Ohio State got a $20 million roster. Hold on. You really think they got a $20 million roster or people just throwing that number out there? Just, Well, the going rate, the going rate for a top quarterback is somewhere, but they say between 801.2 million. That's for a quarterback, receivers, receivers going somewhere between four and 800,000. What? Yep. What can you imagine boy being 1617.


Getting 8 0 8 8 And you showed them numbers ain't exaggerated. Huh? I'm the only guy I'm gonna go, I'm a, when I go, when I go, when I went to Window D one schools O Joe, we in the projects for one month after that. Granny. Let's go get that Stuff up outta there. Out there. Huh? We outta there ain't no more buying of sausages. Ain't no pot in meat. Ain't no more slog ass corn flakes. Oh, we ain't good Granny Ain't on a thousand for a receivable. Yeah, Man. Just a, I mean, it, it was reported that what you call him got excess of a couple of million dollars. Addison when he left Jordan Pit, you remember he was the Bial pit award winner at, at Pitt.


He leaves Pitt and goes to USC. So you know, it took a number to pry him away. Well that's That's crazy when you, when, when you think about it, because I'm thinking of be thinking about me being that young, getting that kind of money. I mean, even though I I, I did make it to the league, but I'm just saying as a, as a, a freshman. Yeah. You ain't have that money at 17? No man, I'm just, I'm just, I can't, man, I would still open up cracker jack boxes, man. Excited about the prize. I'm finna get outta there. All I know, all I know is is granny ain't got nothing to worry About. Yeah. Yeah, most definitely. Did you have, wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Did you have that same mindset when you were that young though?


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. My, my whole thing Ocho only thing I ever thought about. Get Grant outta that. That's it. But you know, most kids don't think like that when they, that young. You, you know that. So you, you, you, you, yeah, you, It's a, it's amazing what going into the bathroom and 10 degrees outside Okay. Out there in the woods. It's amazing. Okay. Yeah. When it's a hundred degrees and the mosquitoes lying, you Okay. But see that's different 'cause circumstance because the circumstance that make you think a different way. If you got some money As you were here laughing, you, you gotta take, you know, you gotta take raid out there, try to pull the cloud around you so the mosquitoes don't come tear you up.


Yeah man, man, they have your fried on your you. Oh man. No, I'm Just, if you from the south, y'all know what I'm talking about. They call, we got them mosquitoes. They call 'em Gallon Dipper because they drink a gallon of blood. They hit your, yeah, they get a gallon dip out you. Oh, just think about that man. Could you imagine being at age 17, 18, you done, you know, going to college, going to Alabama, going to Georgia and being so good that they willing to pay you seven, 800,000 before you even sniffed the NFL Shiloh making four 5 million. Okay, I I know about that. Yeah. Yeah. Arch Manning was on the bench.


He did three and a half million. Oh really? He the backup, He make a three and a half already. He ain't even touch the field. Yes. That was last year. Three and a half again this year. Yes. I mean he gonna hear them Top you promising top recruits nonu. They gonna top five guys that's coming outta high school in a position. Oh. They're probably getting somewhere between half a meal and a mill off the top. That's at the minimum. That's men. So All the money's coming from the boosters. Specific boosters. NIL. Yes. So how do they, how do I understand paying them? But how do they get the money back? How do they who They write it off? 'cause the guy, you gotta pay taxes on that Money.


Okay then. Okay, okay. Oh, ain't no free money. Yeah. Yeah. You need to, the first thing you do if you go get that kind of money, you need to go get an accountant so you don't get yourself jammed up. Right, right. Because you don't keep all that 1.5 million. No. All these free. Oh, you can come here and eat free and all that stuff. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hey, that they writing that off. You better make sure. So OCHO Alabama survives UF USF 42 16 sloppy game with 20 combined penalties left much to be desired. But Jalen Miro, four, touchdowns, two passing, two Russian paced Alabama adv, Alabama advanced the tour and oh, and travels to Wisconsin next week for, its for, for its first row game of the season.


RO 15 or 25, 180 4. Two touchdowns. They had some, they were sloppy. They turned the ball over three times. Yeah, I that fumble a couple times. It close into the, in, in the red zone, which made the game a lot closer and it should be. But then they stepped on the gas. Yeah, they stepped on the gas late in the fourth, in the fourth quarter and then raced away. It was, it was, they scored a touchdown and made it 2113. I think USF kick the field goal to make it 2115 and then touchdown, touchdown, touchdown, touchdown. Yeah. Listen, playing down to your competition again, making mistakes. Sloppy football again, it's early in the season. Yeah. We just will watch, we watch four NFL teams play so far.


We watch the Chiefs, we watch the Ravens, we watch the package and the Eagles. And when we watched the Eagles game and the Packers, how did it look that first quarter? Sloppy. Yeah, it was sloppy. Yeah. Sloppy. Yeah. So imagine collegiate kids on how they gonna look if the NFL can't even get it right. And they've been doing it for the longest and you're supposed to be the 1% the best of the best. That's why I say I, I think by the time you get to week three, you, you get to week three. You get to week four, I think offenses then will be in a groove there, there'll be a certain, a certain rhythm, there'll be a certain beat you marching into where everybody's in sync.


Yeah. It's, it's, it is tough OCHO because the guys not really playing a whole lot in preseason games. So it's really hard to tell. Makes and I, I get it. Oh yeah. You know what? We get some great work and scrimmage and inter, you know, teams coming over and doing dual practice. It ain't the same. It ain't the same guys. It ain't the same. It's not, it's not. And I don't mean to bear to be no bear or bad news. I'm not trying to reign on anybody three, but it's just not, it's not the same as a guy. Let's have done it. You know, have, you know, normally I would, yeah, because what we would do, we would have a a, a joint practice and then we end up playing that team in the game. You know what I'm saying? We, we, we would play. So say we played the Cardinals that Saturday, the Cardinals were coming in, so we practiced Wednesday, Thursday, then we played Saturday.


The Volume


Hear that pumpkin, that's fall calling and the pumpkin spice latte is back at Starbucks from that first sweater to late autumn weather. It's all a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use oo because they save you money. Oo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.


If you're a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com Or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.