
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hi everyone. It's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody Does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday Fess. Join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cashback offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal. PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. A person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The Volume, The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Jamar Chase 14 catches 1 77 2 scores. Cha Chase is the first receiver. Woo to have 10 catches of buck 75, 2 touchdowns and two and two in two games since Jamar Chase did it in week 10 against the Ravens. Guess what? He's also the first receiver do it since Jamar Chase did it week five against the Ravens. Who? Hey that boy. That boy good. Yeah, he's gonna be a, he's gonna be a unanimous first Team Pro. Yeah, definitely. Rightfully so. Jetta looks like he's gonna be the other receiver that's gonna be a first team off Pro. Yeah, he not don't, he's not gonna be unanimous like Chase is. But Chase Chase has a chance to win the Triple Crown. Yeah. A chance to win the Triple Crown. Oh, there's only four or five weeks left. He's going to win the Triple Crown.


Nothing is gonna stop Jamar Chase. Nothing gonna stop Joe Burrow. They might as well get whatever award it is that Chase is supposed to get as far as when it comes to winning that triple crown. They might as well stick it on to Cincinnati right now. They might as well shift it on over there right now. And that's not, that's not all. Not only is he gonna win the triple crown, we do have the MVP at the quarterback position. Many people aren't gonna give him credit because our record doesn't, You're not gonna get no MVP. Right. Let me finish. Don't do me a favor, don't interrupt me. Next time you wanna talk, raise your hand. I'm gonna call on you. Okay. But anyway, like I, like I was saying, Joe Burrow should be the unanimous MVP, but due to our record this season, he's not gonna be in the talk. He's not gonna be in consideration. Josh Allen, kudos, kudos.


M kudos Lamar Jackson as well. But if we happen to, to go on a run and for some reason slither into the playoffs in some kind of, some kind of fashion by way of God, we are a team that nobody's gonna wanna see offensively. Now I can't speak for the defense, but I'm saying if we gotta score 53, we gonna score 53 if we gotta score. But y'all go give up 55 5, But y'all gonna give up 55. Listen, That's that, that's, listen, that's neither here nor there. We are a team that nobody wants to see And y'all don't wanna see nobody. No, Don't nobody wanna see us, especially offensively that, that that's, that's the focal Ocho. But you gotta bring your OCHO but you gotta bring your entire team.


Right. I you Can't leave your defense at home. I understand that, but I can only, I can only do my job. Huh. That's something Bill Belichick always said to do. Do your job. My job is to focus on offense. My job is to score 40 to 55 points and get Are you a team or not? Are you a team? What are you a team? Is it the Cincinnati Bengals or the Cincinnati offense? The Cincinnati defense. The Cincinnati special team. Hey, you know what? I just need to know which Are, hey, it is a team. Can I say something before you finish? Okay, thank you. It is a team. Huh? It's a team. Right? But that team is broken down in, in the three phases. Offense, defense, and special teams. Now, each three of those phases has to do their job in order for you to get a w you know, Ws the James Winston.


Y'all ain't nothing. Y'all Homework. We, we ate something. This y'all ate three weeks. Hey, Lemme Ask you a question. You know what, when the playoffs start, which one of the Bengals are gonna be in the playoffs? The offense, the defense or the specials team? No, The whole team. The team in general. Y'all will be home, right? No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't do that. Don't do that. There's, there's a chance. Listen, there's a chance. Hey, can you ask Ash to give her what percentage the chance is of us making to the playoffs? Still to this point, A 80-year-old getting pregnant, there's a chance, right? But come On there, there's a percentage. Now the percentage ain't that low. There's a percentage that 80 old could get pregnant. I was married when she conceived Jesus. 83.


83. So there is a chance, right? It put man on the moon. Yeah. Yeah. Chance. I feel You ain't gonna put no money down on it though. Who? Oh, Joe, how, how much I owe you right now. Three bands. Okay. How about this? When we play the bank, when we play the Broncos, I ain't betting nothing. You ain't going, listen, how you gonna bet me with my Money? Hold on, hold on, hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold On. I like talking. Bet me with my money. I bet you I don't. I owe you $3. I bet it. Let, Let's, let's bring down a notch and let's respect the winner. Let's, let's respect the winner circle tonight. That's me. That's me. Let's Put the circle tonight.


Now You owe me 3000. How You the winner? I'm giving you the opportunity to double your money. So when we play the Broncos, I want it, let's double it. Nothing. That 3000 I owe you. I don't like doubling my money. I like to just take my money. I got something in mind. What you track I wanna buy. So by what you Track. Absolutely. And it just so happened to cost 3000. The gift I wanna get cost. Exactly. $3,000. Hey, I said you hold up. I said, sir, can you hold this for me? I'll be right back in like two weeks. So I gotta, I gotta, I gotta go in there by this week. What you want get it? Hey. Oh, hold on. Tammy. Tammy, Tammy. What? What you finna get? What you finna get? What is it? Just gimme, just gimme a The, the Bingos.


Yeah. Have less than a 2% chance to make the playoffs. 2% Less than, Less than 2%. Yes. Actually it's 1.9, one Point. You know what? That's not that bad. You know what? I'ma that's not that bad. I'm gonna just say 2% because I bet, bet if you asked to chat, right? When they go to Whole Foods, I bet some of 'em they get 2% milk. I bet sometimes when you get a latte, you go to Starbucks and they ask you what kind of milk you want. Sometimes people say, you know what, I want 2% milk. There is a significance. If you an actor, you know, sometimes the agent, your agent fee, sometimes the agent fee is 2%. No, it ain't, it's 10, 15, 20% in Hollywood. Okay. You ain't getting nowhere though.


2%. Okay, listen, I'm just, I'm just trying to throw that context. I I didn't need you to correct me. Okay. Bye. Bad bye. Bad bye. Bad. Okay, But they, they got a milk chance. Yeah, 2%. Since, since I put it in terms that you'll understand. You like milk. They got a milk chance. 2%. The question is for you, is Borough and Chase the best quarterback, wide receiver combo? A? Absolutely. Now, there, there, there, there, there are a few people that would like to argue as far as duos are concerned, but, but a duo that is doing what they've done at such an early stage.


As soon as they started, they hit the ground running right away. Obviously because of the continuity that they already bit, they already had and the chemistry that they had already built in that NSU together, it made the transition into the NFL being on the same team that much easier. It made it that much easier. Which is why, which is one of the few reasons why the chemistry, it looks the way it does. Okay? When you, when you watch Joe Burrow and you watch Jamar's work, that ain't nothing but Prince and Apollonia. Okay? That ain't nothing but Mark Anthony and J-Lo. Okay? You, you, you stand with me. That ain't nothing but Prince Hakeem and the lady, the daughter from McDowell's.


I, I don't remember the daughter's name in the movie. What, what, what was the name? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't remember name, but you get where I'm going. You, you get where I'm Yeah, it just, it just, it's just a match made in heaven. It's a match made in heaven. Like when you meet somebody new, one of the key things, one of the key things and the only key things that matters is the chemistry and whether you're compatible. Okay? And when you're compatible, the connection is perfect. And Joe Burrow and god damn Jamar Chase wifi is on point. Yeah. Chase, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't have any other references or analogies that I can think of to give, to give people a better understanding on how great they are. So early, Chase got 19.


He got 93 Catch oto. Yeah. 1300 yards and 15 touchdowns UNC Last year. He's already clear. He's seven catchers behind last year's pace. He's already a hundred, a hundred yards clear of last year's pace. He's already has eight touchdowns more the last year. Woo. And he has and he has, they're five. They're five and seven. What's their record? Hold on. They're five and eight. So they got four games to go. So there's the outside chance he could get to that 1700 mark, don't you? Yeah. A ab Absolutely. Absolutely.


And he might, he might get to that 20, that magical number, that 20 touchdown mark. Yeah. Which only, only a handful full of guys have ever gotten there. Yeah. Jerry and Randy. Yeah. Not, not Jerry got 22, Randy got 23. Nobody else has, I mean, there've been a few 18. Yeah, but nobody, there's only two guys that's ever gotten 20 receiving touchdowns in a season. Yeah. And you know that, that young bull man is nice man. Obviously even as early as it is, man Chase is is the greatest banger receiver to ever play. Chase is the greatest banger receiver to ever dawn them goddamn stripes. You hear me? You know some of the things that he's, that he's doing that haven't been done before in that helmet. In that, Mike, you gonna be, ain't nobody never done nothing like that, man.


You know Mike Brown, you gonna be sorry you didn't sign that man earlier. What were you telling? You hear me? Huh? You gonna have to pay double. It gonna hurt. You gonna have to pay double it hurt fact. Oh, he about to get 40,000,040 make it 42 and the two, He, you know what he And the two, the two said add that on too. Yo. He said Chase got Chase. He said Jetta got 35. I want five more per year. And, and I want an extra 20 more million Guarantees. Yeah. Don't even play with me. Don't even play because you tried me. You tried me at the beginning of the season. I asked you, you made me sit outta training camp. Yep. And you had plenty appetite. You had ample, ample time to understand what you had at your disposal.


You know what you get in the long run, you know what you get because I done, I done gave you a sample side of three years. Okay. Yeah. I know I might have two more years on my deal, but sometimes you just know. Now I got one more. Now I'm so come on with it. Come on. And if you, and if you, and hold on. If you, if you wanna play again, do me a favor, don't franchise tag me. Let me play one more and lemme go show you I can get 60 some more. I'm not coming. There ain't nothing you could do. You told me, you told me you was going to take care of me. Yeah. After this one. Yeah. I played out. Yeah. Now you won't see my black ass if you don't, if you don't pay me my money this time around, period. And we ain't, we ain't finna play 'cause we finna clock it. And I ain't talking about, you know, Higgins, I ain't talking about no Higgins about to bounce on you.


Yeah. So go out there and try to play with what without, without, without me and Higgins. Yeah. Period. All apparently is not well with the Eagles. Right? According to Brandon. Brandon Graham, the team's longest tenured member are the relationship between Jalen Hurtz and AJ Brown String. The person that's complaining Brown needs to be accountable. I'm just being honest. He knows this. I don't know how the whole story, but I know that Herz is trying and Brown could be a little better with how he responds to things. They're friends before, but things have changed. Graham later apologized, said, I made a mistake. I didn't add, I didn't add to it in good light, sir. So that's sirs my bad. I think that, see here's the thing. When you say, when they ask AJ Brown, we need, what do you need to improve in?


Yep. The quarterback. The quarterback Jay, who's Only one that can throw the ball at Joe. So how, how, How, How is the media? How's everybody gonna take that? Well, that's not how admit it. If somebody, hey, if, if they ask Carson what can we do better route running and getting Over. Yeah. Talk about me. Whatcha talking about Right, right. Listen, we all know what he meant, But that's not, we Understand it's fru, it's frustration. We understand it's gripes. Alright. Hey y'all, matter of fact, hey Acho, Acho, you know Acho, right? Yeah, yeah. Acho, listen, if, if, if any of you in the chat that follow him, Acho, I dunno if you've had an opportunity to see it.


And Sean, he showed a description of plays, a description of plays. And these are bang bang plays that are just basic fundamentals of the game of football. Having anticipatory skills as a quarterback after quarterback position, being able to get your number one, your number one player of the target based on what you see, what your pre-read is as a quarterback. And I, I listen, it was five or six plays where 1, 2, 3, boom, get the ball out and let it go. You know, it's like in that specific game that we talking about where I could understand where the frustrations come from with AJ Brown. I'm like, well, okay, now I see it. Now I see it now I understand. But you don't do it the way you did it. Not with the media. That's something. You go to your quarterback, you go to your quarterback, you tell him, you pull it back.


I need you drew me a small favor, AJ Brown. If you see this, that's all I'm saying this, I need you to do me a small favor, young bull. When we come to the line of scrimmage and you see a certain cover and you see that receiver off. If you see him press at any point and you see that safety and the safety is in the middle of the field, or he is not sha or, or he shaded just a little bit to the As. And I know I can beat him over the top. I need you to gimme a chance. I need you to gimme a chance. Please. I need pull 'em aside and have that conversation. But don't do it this way. 'cause now all eyes on Jalen hurts. Now all eyes and the pressure while you're winning, you're winning. Let me add that your team is winning and they come and, and gonna come off.


Wait, comes off being selfish. It's gonna be little, you know, comes Off as being selfish. Oh, hell no. But he doesn't, And I don't think, and I don't think, I don't, I don't think he's selfish. Exactly. I think he's a competitor. He wants to contribute. I think he realizes that in order for us to get to where we need to be, I'm gonna have to catch more than three or four balls. Devonte's gonna have to catch more than three balls. But like you said, so may maybe Jalen just didn't see the field yesterday. Maybe that happens sometimes Ocho, we don't see the ball. Well, yeah, if we bobble, whoa, whoa, whoa. We, we bobble some stuff and we don't catch it clean like we want to. No, no, no. But it's, it's tough. Jalen has a tough job. I'm not trying to way excuse it, but I just believe, I believe in a situation like that.


I'm a yeah, I'm gonna go to him and have, yep, check this out. Ocho Donovan Mcna weighed in on AJ Brown. Potential frustration with Jalen Hurtz. It's two grown men. If you got an issue, you come to me. Let's not go through the media because now it blows up. And now yeah, what you said is out there in front of everybody. NTO responded. Now this is interesting coming from you now. Not how I interpret it, but it's funny thing is, I agree with you on the idea of it. If you have an issue with someone, that you go to them, not the media. But here's the thing. I never had an issue with you, but it's known that you had an issue with me. So maybe you should have taken your own advice here.


Oh yeah. And we might've won a Super Bowl 39, but that's another story for another day. Just my 2 cents number three 17 talking about the jacket. I like that. Hey, them boys through, I'm giving. Hey, you know what they, hey, A-T-O-T-O and R. Goddamn McNabb. They gonna be like Claude, and they gonna be like Claude and Ray. They gonna be like Uhuh. They gonna be the Hatfield. I like it. The Hatfields and the McCoys, right? They, they ain Claude and Ray because Claude and Ray was their friend.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets. Best Insurance Services, LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy


Game on, because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face-to-face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studios, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda. Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families with Greenlight? You could send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real-time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


The Rams pull off the upset of the week. The Rams defeat the bills in a 14, in a week, 14 thriller as the team combined for 12 touchdowns, 86 points, zero turnovers. And if I'm not mistaken, no sacks. Josh Allen is the second player in NFL history to record three passing touchdowns, three Russian touchdowns in the same game. He joins Hall of Famer, Otto Graham of the Cleveland Browns pulled off the feet when the Browns defeated. They won 56 10 in the N-F-L-N-F-L championship game over the Lions.


The bills allowed scores on six to nine possessions. The rush defense allowed 94 yards rushing in the first half. And the team streak lead team's lead leading 14 game streak of at least one takeaway ended ocho. Yeah. Are you concerned about the bills now? You know what? I'm really not concerned about the bills. I'm honestly, I'm not concerned about the bills. If they were gonna have a game like, like this, let's get it out the way. Now obviously the Ram's offense has always been high powered. KU are just coming back and just getting into rhythm as far as the off of offense is concerned. So you got a glimpse of what they can do when they are fully healthy.


So I'm not really concerned, you know, with with McDermott and the bills, I think they're gonna be fine. If you look at the number Josh Allen put up today, no turnovers right? Nope, no turnovers today. But he played very, very well for a quarterback that needs, if quarterback that needs to win the game defensively. They gave a what? Six to nine, six to nine possessions with what? Touchdown. Now that's, that's, that's, that's the back end. That's not on Josh Allen. That's not on the bills. That can be fixed because the bill defense is good. Outside of that, I think this, this is the game that got away from it is an upset. I I, I consider the goddamn trap game. I consider the trap game. But if you're gonna lose, let's get it out.


Let's get it outta our system now. Let's get it outta our system now. So we're gonna fix whatever we need to fix before we get to the goddamn playoffs. You know what I think about the, the thing that I think that, look Tom, when I think about Tom Brady, I think the mo the thing that's most impressive about him is not, yeah, he had a Super Bowl. I don't want him to say the most you have seven Super Bowl are impressive. All the records that he has are very impressive. But Tom understood early on in the game what type of game he gonna be. It was gonna be, and you and you, you, you, yeah, he he knew that early, too Early. And so knowing that, that he knew that, you know what guys, we can't have, we can't set up fulfilled goals and we can't miss possessions where we come up empty handed.


Remember Buffalo spotted 'em in 2014, right? So you put yourself behind the eight ball. So now you've got hope and your defense is already struggling. The likelihood of your defense shutting them down twice, it'll allow you to get back in the game. And then when you got it, you didn't get a touchdown, you got a field goal. Yeah. So you gotta, you're gonna have to, he's gonna have to be mindful of that. And that's the thing when I'm talking about Joe, right? Joe, Joe is, is that he knows his defense is terrible. At least, at least Josh was like, man, this is an anomaly. My defense hadn't played this bad all year. Yeah. Right. We haven't played this bad all year. Hmm. Joe knows his from, from the man.


We, we, we going to suck this year. I got to be no real talk Joe. I man, look here. Not only can I not turn it over Ocho, guess what? Right. I've got to score damn near every possession. Because if we go down, right, if we get the ball first and we don't co score when I come back on the field, we gonna be down points. The question is, how many, is it gonna be three or is it gonna be seven? But we gonna be down points. Ocho Yeah. And, and, and, and Josh. I mean, look, I mean what you have 420 something yards of total offense just by himself. Ocho Crazy work. Six touchdowns. Crazy work. Crazy work.


And, but yeah, You, you put up numbers like that. You're supposed to win the game. You're supposed to win. You should, but you can't spot a team. Ocho you can't spot a team. Now you gotta realize you on the road, you spot a team. 14. You gonna catch him coming now? Oh, trying to come back. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. And especially if your defense is struggling like they were struggling today. But Ocho said he's not concerned. Josh Allen. Nah, I still think he's the MVP front runner. But Saquon is right there on his heels. Josh Allen was 22 or 37. 3 42. Three touchdowns, zero interceptions, no sacks.


He led him in Russian. 10 carries 82 yards, another three touchdowns. Shakira was five of one for 1 0 6 in the tub. Amarii Cooper played extremely well. Six for nine five. But he did have 14 targets. OCHO, Matthew Stafford was equally as impressive. 23 or 33, 22 touchdowns, zero sacks, zero interceptions hook Naco. 12 buck 62, 1 touchdown. Cooper Cup 5 90, 92, 1 touchdown. Woo. 2, 2 3 for 45. 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2. Mighty, finest. D County Liberty, city legend.


Yeah. That's the game. Look, when I go to a game, that's the kinda game I run. See, okay. I ain't gonna lie. Everybody talking about defense and big hits. Damn. The big hits. I gonna see some points on the board. Right. I go to a baseball game, I wanna see 12, 11, I wanna see ten nine. I ain't coming to see no two, one. I ain't coming to see one. Nothing. I, I'm not a purist. I want scores. I want points. NBAI want you to see y'all get up and down. I wanna see a 1 35 to 1 30, 1 31, 1 33. I want points. I ain't trying to see no 85 90, 85 to 92 ball game. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't no purist like that. I wanna see points because that's where it's headed. That's what I've grown accustomed to. So now don't pick the game that I come to.


Now all of a sudden y'all gonna play defense. Right. And I gotta watch a, I gotta watch a 10, a 10 to seven ball game or a 10, nine ball game on. Nah, that ain't for, that ain't what I'm here for. The Vikings beat the Falcons. Oh, The the Who? The Vikings. Well Sam, Donna earned himself a contract boy. It might not be with the Vikings, but he earned a contract with somebody. But go ahead, lemme finish the Vikings beat the Falcons. Now you, you got me hype man. The Kins beat the Falcons 42 20 behind Sam Dole's first five touchdown game. The win was the sixth in a row for Kevin O'Connell's Club who improved to 11 and two Kirk Cousins in his last four games. Zero touchdowns, eight ints in his Ocho.


Sit him down, sit his ass down. Okay. Is it time now the only one game back, the one game back at Tampa? Is it time for them to set cousins down and play Pennix? Junior? Junior? Listen, understanding the business, understanding the business and how the business works and based on what Kirk Cousins has done in his resume from the past, they probably gonna keep playing it because they only one game back from Tampa. If it was me, if I was the coach, if my name was Mr. Was was, damn, what's the head coach's last name? Oh, you talking Atlanta Parkers? Yeah. Raheem.


Yeah. Man, listen, I I was about to say D'Amico by accident. Yeah. But anyway, if, listen, if I was Raheem, listen, if we won game back and he playing like that, I'm gonna switch to Pennix anyway. Even though Pennix doesn't have the experience that goddamn Kirk has and Kirk has the goddamn experience and he playing like that. Well hell, I might as well take a goddamn lawsuit. If we gonna lose and lose this way, I'm gonna lose with My rookies and gets to get him some Experience. I I'm gonna lose. Well, I, I'm gonna lose with my, my my my first pick, man. He picking the goddamn draft man. Kirk cousin, what is you doing, boy? Do you need LASIK or something? Well, he playing, maybe he, maybe he need lasik. He played, he playing bad. I I, I Don't know what it is. He playing bad ojo. Thank you. Ain't no way around. He playing bad.


Can't, you can't throw four interceptions last week, right? Yep. You can't throw four interceptions, then you go back, you watch film, you practice all week long and come back the next week and then throw some mother up. Something ain't right. You trying to throw the game. You bet, you bet you betting somewhere. You some some ain't. Right. Like, come on now, what you doing? Yeah, like you, you guys, you got we have a playoff opportunity at hand. Yeah. You know, we think well enough to, I mean actually the NFC South is mother horrible. It is, honestly, think about it. It is. That's why everybody has a chance. Raheem did say Raheem Moore is the head coach.


Raheem did say that cousins is their starting quarterback after the game Coach. You know, coaches lie all the time. I coaches are on all the time. I mean, who j didn't Dave Canal just say that, but before he Ben Bryce. Yeah, he say that, you know, and the next day with the next day what happened or maybe a few hours later. Oh, Sam, I mean, not Sam, Bryce, God damnit, He benched Bryce and put in Andy Dalton Put in a Andy Dalton. Andy Dalton. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I listen, you take anything coaches and owners say with a grain of salt. With a grain. With a grain of salt. Yes. Now I wouldn't, I I wouldn't be surprised if tomorrow morning, tomorrow morning or maybe Tuesday in, you know, the off day they make a change and the statement comes out.


Pinning junior's now the star quarterback for the Atlanta finals. I would be very surprised they did that because considering they're only one game back, if they were out, if they were, you know, couple of games back, I see you make that because still Tampa has to play. Tampa has to go to play the Cowboys. They got a tough schedule. It's not like they, they, you know, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. Time out, time out, time out. Did you hear what you just said? What you just said? Don't even go together. You said said you just said Tampa still gotta play the Cowboys. They got a tough schedule. They do. They got some games on this. The schedule, I mean that. Well, Okay, how about you mention the, the mention the tough game, don't mention the Cowboys. How about that? How about that?


Okay. And now I'm no disrespect. I'm just Saying Okay, they got the charges. Yeah, they got the charges next week. That's, that's Game. Then Sunday, the week after that Sunday night, they got the, the, the Cowboys on the 29th they got the Panthers and on the fifth. Okay, they got the, they got the Saints. And you know what's funny? What, where the Saints are playing really bad right now. You know what's funny is the Panthers are making the game making it a game no matter who they playing. Yeah, We gonna talk about that. Let's say that we gonna, we gonna talk about that 'cause we got some, we some words from My bad, bad, my bad. Legit for leg. I ain't gonna jump the gun. Oh, you talking about Xavier?


Leg, leg, leg, leg. Sam Don and the Vikings haven't discussed the long-term deal. They're not, they just drafted a quarterback with a top 10 pick. What are we discussing? No. Yeah, it's, but it's a good thing though. It's a good thing for Sam because his resume, the other teams that need a quarterbacks Yeah. The other teams that need a quarterback. So he's setting himself up beautifully. The only problem is depending on where you go, you ain't gonna have no goddamn Jesse Jefferson and Jordan Addison at your mother disposal And Kinson. But that's, and Aaron Jones the fact that, oh man, shit, but don't get me started. What? Don't started by buyer Byer. This is not to, to take away anything from I'm he's played Don't mess there.


Must have his bag. Don't mess up his bag. Don't mess Heled extremely well. He is, there's no denying that. But I hope you got similar weapons. I ain't saying you gotta have those exact weapons, but you better have close to 'em. Yeah, Well they, I ain't, I ain't it ain't it ain't too many like 18 and three out there now. Yeah, ain't too many out there. Like 18 and three. Yeah. Yeah. We be at, But I don't, I don't, I don't think, I don't think I'm not, I think so. No, I'm not surprised that, I'm not surprised. Minnesota is not thinking a long-term deal. Now if they didn't have a quarter, if they hadn't taken a quarterback in the top 10, okay, yeah.


Yeah. When they, whenever they took JJ McCarthy. Okay. I, I get that. But I, but I got a quarterback that's, that's the first round pick that I believe is the quarterback of the future. Why am I gonna give this man a long-term deal? A 40, I mean $40 million. $40 million. Wait a minute. Good question. I got a question for you real quick. Gone. JJ McCarthy, what was his injury again? What Is his Foot? Achilles or no, He, was it his foot? It might have been, it might've. It might've been. I I, I'm not sure what it was on Joe. Don't start me to line. I wanna say okay. It, it was a lower, it was a lower leg. So I don't know, I don't know if it was a is A-A-C-L-I don't know if it was a foot leg front. I'm not sure Because he's so young.


Do you think they need to have security with the way Sam Donald's playing? Do you think they can, they can rely on JJ McCarthy to be the quarterback of the Future? I'm not having no $40 million insurance policy. Okay. Okay. I'm I'm just curious. I just wanna know what you chat, what y'all think, Chad, remember, should the Minnesota Vikings pay Sam Donald so they have a sense of security. Once JJ McCarthy comes back, He tore his meniscus. Oh, okay. That's not bad. That's Not bad. And young. That ain't bad. And that's probably his first serious injury. That's not, that's not an ACL, that's not a PCL, that's not an achilles, that's not a patella tendon knock on wood.


I mean obviously any injury is, all injuries are are are minor. When they're Right, they're major. As long as they're on somebody else on you, they're major. Somebody else, they're minor. Right. But he didn't, like I said, he didn't have, you know, they aired on the side of caution. They like, we got Sam Donald, we got a guy that's been in the league. We got a guy that we believe we can win with, with the talent that we surrounded him with. You know, you got J Jetta, you got Addison, you got Hawkinson, you got Aaron Jones son. If you don't turn the ball over, if you don't turn the ball over with the defense, the Brian Floyd's got that defense flying around. We, we, we we'll be okay. You just gotta make sure.


Well See that's the good thing. So that, see that's a good thing. So it, maybe it's not a bad deal. You sign, you sign into a short-term deal. It don't have to be four, five years. It could be two, it could be two, three years. Listen it allow, it allowed JJ McCarthy to continue to develop behind him one more year because he hadn't, he hadn't had a chance to develop yet. JJ McCarthy was gonna be the starter. So Come back injury. You don't wanna throw him out there Huh? After coming out there, Andrew, they Was gonna throw him out. Don't, they was gonna throw him out there outta college. He was the starter. Yeah, but now, now you behind eight ball times two because now not only do you not, you don't have a year under your belt, you don't have a year under your belt. Andrew, you coming back with an injury on top of that? So let's see the Worst, lemme make your question how that, how that looking for the Falcons, they gave cur curs all that money and you got Michael Penny.


So, so how that looking for them now you just said, now you just said they need to sit cousins down, but he got 80 million, he got 80 million of their dollars over the first No, he got 112 million over the first three years. Okay, well he got 112 million over the first three years and He got AP picks in the last two games. You making my point for me? Now you know that, right? I I But Sam Donner ain't throwing no goddamn accesses though. Hey, but you I'm saying that before he, before he got on the street, neither was cousins. Remember Heidi? I'm just saying that's a very expensive insurance policy. Consider you, when you took JJ McCarthy, he was going to be your starter.


You were very impressed with him. Right. Do I believe Donald has played his way into a contract for some team? Yes. Oh, absolutely. Yes. I just don't believe this Minnesota, As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't with perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by pets. Best Insurance Services LC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy Game on because ES ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus.


You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew stirring Jude Law now streaming.


Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details. Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Coby from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list.


So join Us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays. When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at Visit Orlando dot com. That's Visit Orlando dot com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


Carolina had a 1614 lead going into the fourth quarters. Even as the Eagles reclaimed the lead. Young led the Panthers on a final drive, looked for a brief moment like he had won the game. Xavier Legett appeared to catch the ball in the end zone D second die with 52 seconds left. But it turned out it was an incomplete pass as the Panthers fell short on third and fourth downs. Think about what that would've done for a young quarterback. 98 yards. Yeah. One of the top teams in the NFC ocho. We on the road. Yeah. At some point O. Okay, look, Ocho and I gave you a pass because you dropped that one. Yeah. And you did this and you say you gotta be a better job now.


I'm tired of hearing my fault. I'm tired of hearing my bad. We'll get him next time. Well that was the next time. Why you diving for Ball Ocho only gotta do it. He run, he he diving for a ball he doesn't need to dive for. Right. It's, it's this comfortability. Confident confidence is not where it should be. You know, I'm un a little unsure of myself. No, I'm unsure of my hands, so I wanna try to get it into my body. Yeah, yeah. That's why you see guys jump. I'm like, bro, why you drunk for a ball that's gonna hit you in your chest and you catch it in your bread basket? Because I'm unsure. Yeah. So I wanna, I wanna try to get as big a target in front of it as I possibly can.


Ocho Possibly can. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, he, yeah. Can you, ocho can you imagine what this would've done not only for Bryce Young, but for this team. They go 98 yards on the road To win the game and upset and upset The best team in the NFC. Well, well that, that's an argument, but that's debatable. But still back to the Eagles. What's going on with the Eagles? Yeah. I mean you're gonna have games like this. You going, you, you, you're going to have games like that. You have, you got two Alphas. What they, one of the few teams in the NFL and I say this all the time, that have two number ones on their team. No matter what people may say two receivers, two different seal sets, they get it one, they get it done two different kind of ways.


But it's two number ones. You got two Alphas and Devonte Smith and AJ Brown. But you're going to have games like this. They need to understand that you gonna have games where you don't have the numbers you wanna get, no matter what you do, you're gonna have Jalen hers gonna have games like this where the numbers are low. Where you're playing against a team that you think you're supposed to be the Carolina Panthers ain't no goddamn sl no more. They're playing well against everybody. They play to this point. If you're paying attention to them. Bryce Young is playing his ass off. That defense is playing his ass off. Which is why the numbers were as low as they were today. There's a reason why you're gonna have games like this Ha DeFonte Smith. You know it ain't, I know it's about being on the same page.


You could be on the same page and no matter which way you flip, if the other team has your number, it ain't gonna work. It's nothing it, it's nothing you can do. You know what's gonna happen next year. You know? You know what's gonna happen next week Gone. What? The mother Eagles gonna go out there and they gonna have a field day in the passing game. They gonna have a field day in the passing game. It was Quan day to day. Well it's gonna be games like this. I've had games like this TJ and I've had games where we playing a team. Oh man, we finna go out in and have four oh yards, 20 yards of peace receiving and it's gonna be nothing like that. But I understood. Game to game. It always varies and it always changes. Well you get to a game by saying, aj, you know what, number 11.


Well he ain't catching nothing today. We don't care what you do. We gonna let Qua beat us. If he do it, it's okay, but 11, you ain't getting nothing. There's some team that will do that and don't care nothing about him. AJ saying you keep saying it, it be games like this. But I see Saquon got 900 yard games. So why he ain't had no games like this? AJ saying I see three catches, I see four catches like in the last six weeks. I mean, I'd say 3, 4, 5 catches. What am I supposed to do with that? Can I tell you something? Can I tell you something? AJ Brown and Devonta Smith, you understand you mother s are so goddamn great. The reason Saquon Barkley is still getting the numbers he's getting because he ain't seen no goddamn eight, nine man box because you niggas is on the field.


Excuse my language. I'm sorry. My bad, my bad, my bad. I'm just getting a little passionate. Huh? That's how good you are. That's a testament to you. That's why he get the numbers he getting because they still w you anyway. That's why you only have 40 something yards a day. You know what if we gonna lose a day, it ain't gonna be by number 11. It ain't gonna be by number six. We gonna let, we gonna let 26 get his numbers. We gonna let him do what he do. Are you surprised that they dis voice their displeasure in the manner in which they did? Because you know, when you say we need to prove at passing, you know me on the same page, you know who that point's back at, right?


Yeah. Yeah. A little bit. I don't think, I don't think they at that moment in that present time and moment. Understand it though. Okay. Emotional. Think about Jordan Addison free me speaking out vocally about won the ball. Look at this mother Jesus Christ, ever since he said something. Look at Jordan Addison going, hey, going crazy. You know what, let's find ways to put little young bull in position to make the plays. So next week, what is the offense of k gonna do? Alright. You know the young Bulls are upset right now out there in Philly. Let's find creative ways to move around and, and have special design plays when the 15 play script and the next game we got coming up.


Let's find ways to get in the ball, get in the ball early, let 'em feel and touch the ball early. So we got 'em the whole game. They gonna be all right though. They gonna be all right. You, you've seen this before. I've seen it before. Hell, I've been there before. You know? So I I understand it. I understand it. But right now, you winning baby. You winning. So they might say there's no room for it, but your alphas need to test the goddamn rock. You gotta make 'em feel like they're part of the offense. You gotta make them feel like they're con contributing to the success in helping the team win. That's All. I I think what what is happening is, is that it's tough.


It's tough when y'all don't get the ball early. AJ didn't get a, didn't get a pack, he didn't get a ball thrown his way into the waning moments of the first half. That's too long. I don't care. I don't care if, if Sayquan is going eight bananas, come on bro. You can't, you can't, you can't let me go. You can't let me go 20 minutes, 25 minutes and don't gimme a don't gimme a rock. Listen, Officer coordinators have to be self-aware. Yeah. They have to be self-aware. You know that, you know that you understand the type of player you have. You understand the type of dog you have at that position. He's different. You understand and know how he's built. You understand his DNA, you know how he is. Just let it touch it.


N ain't got to be nothing crazy. It could be a slant. God damnit, just throw me a smoke, throw smokescreen, boom. Just get it outta to me. Let me, lemme get jiggy with it. He gonna be okay. Yeah, he good. But the wake 15 minutes and towards the end of the first, first quarter and then he get a ball. Yeah, it's tough. Come on man. It, it's tough. And you know, the frustration starts to build and you know, look, people look at it Carolina like, man, they, sorry. And then before you know it, you don't let 'em be in the game. And now they playing with confidence and now you don't have confidence because you're not doing the thing that you thought you was gonna be doing because you see 'em on film. But the, the, the, the Carolina team that y'all probably watch at the beginning of when y'all watching tape on them, that's a different team.


It's not the same that you watched the last three to four weeks. Now that's not the same team. The Saints, yes sir. Beat the Giants on a block field Goal Giants fam fans have had enough of losing even before they saw the team drop an eight straight game, a playing flu of a MetLife stadium with the banner implore and ownership to get it together. Mr. Ma Enough, please fix this dumpster fire. Then the team went out there and found a different way to lose this time. Getting the game time field goal blocked in the final seconds of a 14 to 11 loss. Ma Mar declined. When asked about the plane. Why you declined? Asked about the plane. When they asked you about Kaepernick, you offered a lot of info.


Nevermind, we, we ain't gonna go to ocho. These giants are two and 11 and now missed the playoffs. 11 of the past 13 seasons, the Giants fell to oh seven at home this season they're averaging 10.1 per game at home. Neighbors said they asked neighbors about the about that and he's like, hell, I ain't played for the plane. Don't ask me. I I ain't played for the, I did not pay for the plane. Ain't funny. He funny. You know what? They, they listen. Giant fans, y'all, y'all might as well, y'all might as well put chalk this season up because next year you gonna have, you gonna have a nice quarterback, you gonna have a new, a nice shiny toy.


You know? I don't know. I don't know who it's gonna be. I don't know who it's gonna be, but it's gonna be a nice new shiny toy. And I know a guy that, I know a guy that had on their roster that was, that's playing really well right now. What position you play quarterback Gino Smith. Oh yeah. You know, you know they, they, they ain't, they ain't, they ain't believe in the young bull. You know, sometimes it take, it take for you going to somewhere for someone to see your, your true value. Yeah. It takes, sometimes you get it is greener pastures on the other side. Baker Mayfield, Sam, Donald, Gino Smith, Gino wasn't gonna be that in in, in in New York because they didn't have dk, they didn't have Jackson Smith and Jig book.


They didn't have locket. Yeah, they don't have Noah fan. They don't have a guy that can run the ball like Walker. They don't have Carino au Carino. So, and look, they, and they got their defense is better than you would think. Now are they the Legion of Bo? No, but the defense is playing really, really well and quarterbacks, I mean look, he got guys that can make plays all over the field for him. It's really that simple. And so I'm glad he's not in New York because they, he'll say the guy can't play and sometimes you need to get somewhere where you got some weapons. Now he's not a guy, he's not Brady. There have been very few guys that can elevate players no matter who the player is, he can elevate them.


Right? But Gino got to a place that they believed in it and they got weapons, they got a dk, they got a Jackson Smith and Jig book, they got Lockett, they got fan, they got, they got skilled position players, don't you that can go make plays. Yeah. Same thing with Baker. He got in a situation with in Tampa and well we saw at, at Carolina ain't have nothing to cover, was bare. It was even better than what it is right now. But he got some plays that guys can make plays for him and he's playing exceptionally well. Sam. Darn right, he got guys that can make plays. I mean, should we be surprised that he didn't make it in Carolina and BAK didn't make it in Carolina? No. Right, because they didn't have anything there.


There's a reason why they got the first pick in the draft. There's a reason why they had the, well they got the second pick in the draft. They traded that to get the first pick and there's a reason why the following year they had the first pick. They had to live that way because Chicago traded in the first pick the year before when they was second. But no, can't happen to a night. Hey, I wonder, he said, you know the fans, we gotta make sure the fans, you know, because you know the fans were not coming because of the anthem. I wonder how many fans showed up now they standing for the Anthem man Ain't had nothing to do with no goddamn damn anthem. Man.


The Volume Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus for bundle subscribers. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ES ESP N plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton Crew. Now streaming terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class theme parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at Visit Orlando dot com. That's Visit Orlando dot com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on the SPN. Keep up. It's golf.


Oh man, nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chew right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side. Use as directed


With shipped same day delivery. It's easy to get holiday essentials from the stores you shop most like the brands you love from Target, home Essentials from Lowe's or beauty products from Sephora. The best part you also get more time to do what you love. Like bake cookies, decorate your space and toast the season with friends. Get more from your favorite stores this holiday season. Download the ship, tap and start shopping today.