
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume,


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player props and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers new draft King customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a, a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant account. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us. The Dallas Mavericks roll go into Sacramento and they roll. They will face the Memphis Grizzly for an opportunity to be the eight seed and face. The OKC Thunder Dallas wins one 20 to 1 0 6.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today.


Y'all know me, I'm your favorite, UNC joining me. As always, Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, also our special guest. He's a contributor throughout the entirety of the playoffs. You know him, one of the most clutch buckies getters in NBA history. You know him as ISO Joe ISO Joe Johnson. Joe, thanks for joining us again. We look forward to having you throughout the entirety of the playoffs. Have your expertise in what went good, what went bad, and what would be the adjustment for the teams that lost. So thank you for joining us.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And thanks to you, we are who we are. You allow us to do what we do. You consume our products, you watch our watch our videos, you download our videos, you listen to us, you retweet, you tell your family, friends and loved ones about us. So thank you very much because without you, there can be no us. Make sure you go check our Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Now. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, just order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Go follow my media company on all of its platform.


She Shea Media. Tomorrow is the last day to vote for us in our six web award categories. The Weby Award nominations, Shannon Sharpe, best Entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club, Shesha Best Creator, influencer series, Nightcap Best Sports Show, best video series, and Best Live podcast recording. The link is in our bio. Please go vote The voting ends tomorrow, which is April 17th. Thank you guys for your support and your continued support. Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked, the link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last.


Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, NYC, Chicago and Detroit closes it out. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. Guest lineup is looking really, really well. Can't wait to unveil that to you guys. Go get your tickets. Now. The first game, I mean the game that just ended, Mavs beat the Mavs beat the Kings one 20 to 1 0 6 AD and Clay combined for 50 points as the Mavs blow out the Kings.


The game really wasn't that close at any point in time. I mean 14 points at one point in time they had up as many as 24 points. Joe, I'm gonna ask you this. Did tonight win redeem Nico Harrison? Does he make, does the Maverick fan say, You know what, a d ain't that bad. After all he gave us, what'd he give us? 27 9 3 blocks of assist to steal plus 10 and a plus minus 27, 9 and three. We can live with that. It's all well in Dallas after they advance to face the Memphis Grizzlies for a chance to be the eight seed and face the OKC Thunder.


No, I I don't think it's all well in Dallas. It was a good, it was a good performance by ad, but I kind of feel like the marick, they gonna get cheated this year, man. They, they don't have Tyree, You know, out with a ACL injury. And You know, at some point, even maybe next game, they, they need guys like him who can take over, create havoc on offense and put guys in the right position. So I think it's gonna be tough, man. They, they still got, they work cut out. They gotta play against Memphis. In Memphis, right? Yep. Yep. Memphis. Hey, Memphis can't lose that game, man. It it, that's gonna be a good one. But lemme ask you this. Are you concerned about the health of Ja now we saw him hurt that ankle. He say it out for a significant amount of time he tried to come back in, but You know, you've had that in, probably had that injury where you go to shoot a shot, you land on someone's foot, ankle, you roll your ankle.


How sore is he going to be? Is there enough time between they played last night you had Thursday off and you play tomorrow and you play, you have tomorrow off and then you'll play on Friday? Yeah, he, he young, he gonna heal up quick, You know. Okay. If that me, hey, if that was me and you having to spray egg, it's gonna take us about three weeks to a month to get back. He, he, You know, he gonna bounce right back. He gonna be ready to go. He, he understands the moment I think. And knowing that it's in Memphis, I'm sure he's not gonna wanna let them fans down. So I expect y'all to put on the show, man. Ocho this game Dallas Mavericks, they win one 20 to 1 0 6. Anthony Davis, I mean they got contributions everywhere.


AD had 27. PJ Washington had 17, clay had 23. This is why they got clay. Well he got off the bench. Dante Exum had 11. Brandon Williams had 17 in 18 minutes. 5 0 6 from the four, three or four from the three point line. Four and four from the free throw line. The bench was very, very good for the Dallas Mavericks to overcome. DeMar de Rosen had 33. Zach Levine had a quiet 20. They didn't get the kind of production they normally get from Simons. Yeah, he only had 11, 13 and five. But he's normally somewhere around 17, 18 give you that. And they needed that tonight. But Dallas go on the road to Sacramento and win this game. Ocho what did you like about what you saw from Dallas? I mean this is exactly what you expected them to do.


You, this is exactly what you expect them to do. Obviously the fans have been mad about the trade and ad a ad coming and Luca leaving, Luca coming in trying to remind you why I should have stayed. But all this is for the Dallas fans and the organization for the, for the Mavericks as well as is you put a bandaid on the bandaid on the gash. That's all it is. This is what you're supposed to do to Sacramento. So what you're gonna see is later on down the line, when it comes time for a seven game series, things are gonna be a little different. You don't ha you don't have Kyrie, he's hurt most of the book. Everything going to be on 80 to have to, what, what's the word I'm looking for? Be a score, a 30, a 32 or 35 to be able to lead that team to another series which Luke was able to do with Kyrie.


I don't Think you are gonna be able to do it. Yeah, you definitely need, and Joe, you can speak to this in the playoffs, you need a guy that you can put the ball in his hands and he can go get you a bucket. Yeah, that's, and it's nice to have that as a guard because you don't have to get him the ball. He can come get the ball, bring it up and Kyrie can distribute. Right. Kyrie can get his shot from anywhere he can finish in the paint given that he's not a, an above the rim player but his layup package and his ability to handle and create a shot for himself Yes. Or someone else, second to none is second to none. And so to that which going on the road now you look at Memphis, they got Triple J who did not have a great performance the other night.


Ja was good. Desmond Bain played unbelievable. The Pippi Jr. Played really well. What does Dallas have to do to go in and to create a similar performance to what they had tonight? Joe? A he gonna have to be dominant. He gonna have to be dominant man. He gonna have to put up big numbers in order for them to win. I know they pretty much played by committee, by committee. You know, clay got off to a pretty good start tonight. You know, he tried to borrow really well but they definitely, they got guys who can put up numbers now they got guys coming off that bench who can definitely chip in and help. But I think with their size they gonna give, they gonna give misses some problems as well though. You know they, that's, that's why ad's able to kind of roam.


'cause he got lively gaps down there to kind of clog up the paint, You know what I mean? Yep. And he, and he gets to play when Lively's on the floor. He always gets to play for the most part. He gets to play the four, which he loves to play because when you have lively you bring in a Daniel gaffer, you are right. They're a big team. You look at PJ Washington goes about six eight. Yeah. Yeah. Lively goes about six 11 or seven foot. Yeah. Ad goes six 10. Daniel Gaffer 6 9, 6 10. Yeah. This is a very, very big ball club. And so the front line and they challenged a lot of shots. They had eight blocks tonight, ad had three, Gafford had two. And so You know nothing. Hey civil philosophy, the playoffs nothing cheap, nothing cheap, man. Nothing easy.


You coming to play. I gotta put you down. I'm sorry, but, but what? Memphis, Memphis got JJ and Big Eden. Eden down there, You know, they, they gonna cause some havoc as well. Right. But I do expect Ja to really put on a, a pretty good performance because they gonna need him, they gonna need his leadership, You know, definitely on the court for them to be able to continue and whoever wins the game, they got whole case. That not surprise. Huh? You know they seen the first round you gonna be in for a fight. What? Yeah. Are you surprised that Spencer Denwitty, who's been a major contributor, he only got two minutes of mop up duty tonight.


I was surprised they went with Exo as opposed to Spencer Dinwitty. What is it that you think Js K saw that he says, You know what, the minutes that we normally give Dinwitty, we're gonna give those minutes to Exo. 'cause he played 19 minutes and he was in, he had 11 points. 4 4 1 of three. One of one from the two three point line. And two made both of his free throws had three rebounds. Had what? Ooh six assist a steal. He bring good energy up. He bring good energy to the table. I think Dan Whitty is more of an offensive threat. Yes. And ex Exom gonna come in and he gonna be more of an X factor. He's gonna play hard defensively. He gonna knock down the shots if he open, especially in that corner.


So I think he probably just leaned a little more on eczema probably. 'cause he had a little bit more confidence in him knife and plus he's looking to get everybody involved as opposed to Spencer DWI looking to get his shot up. Yeah. To get Then we trying to get into his bag. Yeah. Yeah. He then he say, I'm playing for contract, bro. You keep, keep keeping a buck with you. Oh yeah. I'm trying to get this contract. You right. When you, I think the thing is with Ededie, look, he reminds, I, I think the thing is when you look at Memphis, when they were at their best, they had, what's the guy, what's the guy, the big guy they had, he just traded into Houston. Adam Big Stephen Adams.


Yeah. Big Stephen Adams. Yeah. Jah was tremendous in the pick and roll. He gave the Adams gave them extra opportunities. Zach Dy can do that but Z but, but Zach is gonna have to be more, he's gonna have to be a little bit more active because I think he's a better offensive weapon. He was player of the year. No matter what you think of him, his game college game compared to the NBA, he was a player of the year. He was an All American. And so he has the offensive skills. Now it is not condu, You know, him shooting threes, but around the rim, I'm not so sure they run a whole lot of plays for him. He's not a guy that you run, Hey, you want, you want 14 points, get it off the rim.


There you go. You going to get it off the rim. Because the thing is with having him on the floor, they gonna keep him in picking rows, You know what I mean? Because he's probably gonna play, pay, play back a lot of the times he's not gonna be up to the pick. Right. And for, for, for, for the guards, You know, that's definitely essential for them trying to get to the basket and just create opportunities for everybody on the squad. That's where Kyrie would be extra beneficial because you play, you put e in the pick and roll and You know, he doesn't want to hedge and he doesn't have the lateral, he doesn't have the lateral quick or the, excuse me, the quickness. Yeah. Or to be able to, to drop back. So Kyrie like, oh yeah, this ooh oh man, say barbecue chicken and barbecue jumpers, floaters passes.


Like it'll be, it would, it'll be a pretty exciting to see. But like I said, they got other guys on their team who are able to, who are capable of having big nights. So even winning you a game in the playoffs and that's what you need. Yeah. Nick Marshall did a lot of handling the ball tonight. They let Clay bring it up early. But Nick Marshall was really in charge. I thought Exim coming in gave him a boost of energy. As you mentioned, Brandon Williams was sensational. He was absolutely sensational. 17 points at 18 minutes, he got it and got it going early. And a lead that was like eight, nine all of a sudden became 18, 19, 20. Yeah. What's, what's his name? Na No Najee.


Okay. Oh, Najee Marshall. My bad. Najee Marshall. I thought you was talking about Brandon Williams. I'm like, I I've seen Williams. Yeah. Najee Marshall. He did a lot of ball handling. But he's not, he's not a natural point guard. He's not a natural facilitator. No. And I think that gets a lot of teams because oh, he can handle the ball. Just 'cause you can handle the ball doesn't mean you can run an offense. Right. And I think we saw that with the Phoenix sons because Booker Yeah. Book can handle the ball, but book is a two. Yeah. You look at, you go back and look at the sons and study 'em. They work best win when they had CP three. Yep. To get everybody. Hey Katie, you can get that shot right there. Hey. Yeah. Book. You can get this right here. Yeah.


Stop pretending. Just because somebody can handle the ball, they can run an offense. Those are two different things. Having the ball running an offense. It's just like a quarterback. Oh Joe, You know, hey, he could throw the ball, but Katie rode an offense, right?


Nah, what's Up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Go. Ojo, what'd you want to play? Nah, I just, I just came back from using Watch Me wash your hands. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My bad. The earlier game we saw the Miami Heat go on the road. Oh yeah. And do a demolition job. Mm. Yeah, the bull look, the bulls don't do that. Been playing well as of late. You look at Kobe, Kobe White, you look at Josh Giddy belli, they got Vic, they got a back heard can knock down the three, can knock down the threes. But Tyler heroes in his bag early and they really didn't have an answer for him. You look at him, he was 13 of 19 from the field.


3 0 7. From the three nine of 10 from the free throw line you had Bam gave you 15 and 12 rebounds. Wiggins Andrew Wiggins gave you 20 points and nine rebounds. They got off the bench. Daveon Mitchell gave you 15. They just never let let the bulls get into this game. They took the crowd out early and the crowd was never able to get into this game, Joe. Man. Hey, that's heat culture, man. They see those guys are proven. They done been to the finals, they done play, they know what it like to play in big games. Yes. And the, the Bulls kind of showed their inexperience today because the heat just kind of went in there and just took what they wanted.


I I like how Hero played. He was very, very efficient and he just calls havoc all night. Bam. Doing what he does defensively being disruptive, scoring, making plays. I thought they had a great team effort against the bulls of bulls. Didn't really gimme what I was looking for. I agree. But listen, go ahead at home. Hey, lemme tell you, this is what you're gonna expect from the heat. This is what we did on the road. So regardless to, regardless to, I, I don't care who our matchup is. Obviously I I'm gonna tell you this, we might, we might come out east, so I don't, I don't want anybody come. Y'all might come outta Miami, but that's the only thing y'all Coming outta Don't, don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Now. You saw what Bam did tonight.


You saw what Tyler Hero did tonight. You saw the contribution we got from everybody else. He come out east. I don't want to hear nothing about nobody was surprised. Oh, we can't believe this happened. They let Jimmy Butler go and they still were able to make it outta east. Y'all be lucky to get a game. Y'all be lucky to get a game or two off the calves. Hey, hey. Hold on, hold up. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait. C, wait, come again. Y'all got beating the calves. M so you think tonight's, you think that the heat you saw tonight won't hap won't be able to beat the calves? No. All right. Hey, they gotta come here and beat the hawk on Friday. That what I'm talking about. That what I'm talking about Joe. When you talk about they gotta come see the HOK on Friday, baby, you gonna be in that thing Ready?


You hear me? We gotta beat the who? The hawk, the Atlanta Hawk. He gotta come play. Is it cold out there? Hey, I, hey, You know I tre baby. He Yeah, yeah. Come on Now. Lemme tell you. Listen, I I know, I know, I know you down in Atlanta. I know You know you played for the Hawks, but let's be serious. Let, let, let's be serious with all due, with all due respect to Trey Young, I got the haw. There's nothing that the Atlanta Hawks can do with the Miami Heat. So y'all going home. I got the Hawks OCHO Friday baby. We going have a, we going to have that thing jumping. You hear me? Yeah. A TL all the way. A Yeah. Y y'all, y'all gonna be jumping but it's gonna be the Wrong way.


You know, DC gonna be in the, Hey, You know DC gonna be in the house, man. Come on. Gonna be there. Come on now. Hey, hey, it's gonna be stop studying that thing Ocho. You nigga. Come on down, man. Come stick it out with your boy. When, when, when is the game play? Friday. This Friday? Yeah. Ah, my, my daughter tracked me. She run at, at University Florida. You know she run for University of Kentucky, so I gotta go to the track to just began. Okay. Okay. Oh, oh, you got Think you better hit the floor. Hold on that. That's, Hey, Hey.


So hey listen, y'all wanna make a light, a light little bet or Nah? Nah, you don't pay your bets. Oh yeah. Huh? Man, you don't pay. No, I don't wanna make nothing with you. Okay. I'm just, I'm just making sure. I mean, you and you listen, you believe, you believe so much in, in this. I mean, what you wanna do? Put, put, put it on the floor. But I also believe in this, which you haven't paid me, man. I, Hey Joe. I, and I hate, I hate the fact that we're talking basketball right now. He's talking about that. Joe, you got Cash app Talking about that? Joe brought it up Now. No, I mean, Joe, you got Cash App? Yeah, I got it all. I got it all. You got Apple Pay, you got Venmo, you got PayPal, huh? Yeah. Okay. Case closed. He don't wanna download none of them. He could have had his money by seven months Ago. I don't have that Joe.


I don't have a whole lot of apps on my phone. Okay. I don't have email. And I Think you have to have email to, to, to put this thing up. So why am I gonna get, why don't you just gimme my money? You trying to get me to do all the, Hey, he ought to download this right Joe. You got Cash app, you got Venmo. Don't worry about what that man got. Give me my damn money. Hey, that man spent that, that man spent that little 5,200. Yeah, he better. I see. Hey, I see him riding around Miami man. 700,000. You hear me? Oh, and that's what I'm saying. They talking about he play this man ain't, this man ain't playing in my face. He putting on a Broadway play in my face, Joe. Here do, it's like, come on.


My bad Joe. My bad, my bad. I'm leaving. Don't stay outta don't stay outta it. I ain't got nothing do Joe. Don't stay outta it. Okay. Alright. All all my bad O Joe. I tried to figure out, Hey Joe, if you and I, honestly, honestly, if he, he know I'm not the type of person that carries cash. I never have been. I keep a hundred dollars on me at a time in twenties. That's it. I don't carry no cash. If you really wanted your money, you gonna download a one of the maps, create an email, and then deleted the app after I sent you your money. How about this? Here Take your eBay from Good Times looking ass to the bank. Withdraw 5200 5200 and raise me my damn money.


Oh man, you, you keep on talking about what I need to do. Why do I gotta do all of this for money that you owe me? That's just like if I own, if I own a bank now what y'all need to do is to go sit up this and to go sit up that. Nah, hey, can I tell you something? What? Everything you do, it dates back to prehistoric times. We are in 2025 when people make transactions that use apps that make it very simple. We don't have to go to a bank and withdraw money here. If I owe you something, give me your cash app, gimme your Venmo, gimme your PayPal email, gimme your Apple Pay and I'm gonna send you your 5,200. The limit is 75.


I only owe you 52. You didn't wanna do that? I'm done. Everything possible I can. That's give you your money. So now you gotta wait till I see you in June in Baltimore. Oh Joe, I just got, I just got direct deposit in 2016 because Fox said they would not send me a paper check. I had to get direct deposit in 2016. Up until that everybody that I had ever worked for gave me a check. CBS sent me a check. I would go upstairs and get my check from the Bron from the Broncos and the Ravens. I didn't ha I I like to see my money man. Old school man. He want to see it. So I wanna, I Tired Of, Hey, no, you wanna be George Flintstone so bad.


I bet you start to call See too. Huh? Fred? Come on man. Fred stole. Oh, from George, George, Fred, George Jackson. Oh my bad, my bad. No, but hey, when you go, when you go to the bank, how do they give you the money? They counted it out. They right there in front of you. Yeah. Three you. That's how you on that, that's how I wanted to count mine out. Okay. That's how you start Bad habits. Ain't no bad habits. That's you start Bad habits, bad habits. Hey, with withdrawing any amount of money over a thousand dollars is how you start bad habits. I'm just telling you how I live. You got your way of living. I got my bad Habits is that I let you slide after the first week you had paid by money.


I should have beat hell out. You like Stewart did Brian when he owed that Money. Hey wait one, hey, hey, can I tell you one thing about Beat me? You know these hands are registered, right? That's Okay. My my thing registered too. And Then that 52 ain. No interest in there. Yeah, I've been told that he now he told me when he Had, Hey, hey, hey, hey Joe. It drawing interesting story. That's about it. Oh, He Chad, y'all see how he talking? And I, I'm just trying to figure out, I'm just trying to figure out You're leaving a prehistoric time.


Why I, why do I have to download things to get my money? My money? Because it's convenient. It's convenient. It's not supposed to be convenient for you. It's supposed to be convenient for me. Exactly. That's why you download the app and I just send you the money. It takes two seconds. Two, I ain't got two seconds. Like If we were to tussle, how long it take to get rid of you and drop you two seconds? I promise you, Lord. I tell you what I tell you what? Me and you wrestle, I'll put that 5,200 up. Be so hey. Not not make it light on yourself. Now I I can give you, I can give you what James Harris gonna get. How you want it, Don, we gonna wrestle.


We got a wrestling match. If I throw you, you on me ten four. If you throw me, we even, Can I ask you a question? Ask me whatever you like. Well, do you see that? You Think you throwing anything over here? You ain't the only, you ain't the only one been in the gym. Now. I'm this different over here now. Boy, look, this ain't ain't the same ocho when we first started the show. I'm two 20. I promise you, whatever change you got and I give you plenty, whatever change you got in your pocket, I'm gonna slam your ass so hard it's gonna come out. So whatever you got in your damn pocket, I guarantee you it's coming out. I ain't gonna go in your pockets and get it. I'm gonna throw you on your damn head. Y'all got this man talking. He talking about just an interesting story.


He owes me. Joe, check this out. An anonymous NBA exec hopes the Mavericks keep Nico Harrison in charge. It's always good to have a desperate GM out there. They, they say Nico desperate. Look, you and I both know Joe. When you move somebody like Luca, that's not a general manager decision. Yeah. That's ownership. Yeah. I give you an example. When they traded, when, when, when the, when the, the Lakers traded Shaq, did anybody think that was anybody else decision other than Dr. Jerry Bus's? That wasn't Jerry West. That wasn't any Mitch Cut check. That wasn't anybody in the gym.


That was a Dr. Bus decision. When you move Luca, that is upper management. That's above Nico's pay grade. Now Nico's taking all the hits, all the vitriol, the all the fans are giving and everybody's ke ke can all the general managers keeping him in charge when they know damn well that was Dumont call period. And that's why, that's why I say I feel like the RYS got cheated because I still think with Kyrie and their team that they have right now that's playing, they had a chance to really make some noise in the playoffs. So be a top seed in the playoffs. They fighting for they life right now.


And with the, with them just with them just getting them, just getting their guys healthy, it's like everything just kind of came crashing down all at once. You know what I mean? Right. So it's like, dang, we have traded our franchise guy Lupa. Not only that Kyrie get hurt on top of all the other injuries that we, that we keep accusing. And he was hurt, lively was hurt, gaffer got hurt, it just started stockpiling and things just kind of started going south. And I think that's what really, that's what really put eyes on it because they just started going downhill from there. Hey, hey, I have a question. Yeah. If management is responsible for the Luca trade, why they sitting back and letting Nico call and take all the heat? Why don't they do what Jerry Jones do? Does Mm come out say something, let the people know, listen, this is how we felt based on us having to invest the type of money we felt in Luca, we felt it was in the best industry to make him move instead of putting that kind of money into him for the next 5, 5, 7 years, whatever it may have been.


It's simple. That's why a lot of times you put people in position because You know poop rolls downhill so it ain't gonna stay up on the hill. 'cause the hill is where the owner is. So it's gonna roll down on and cover Nico. And Nico says, You know what, I'll take it. He understand that's a part of his job is to take some of that blowback. A lot of general managers. It's just like anything, people get upset when when general and and when you trade a player, when you trade a player like that. Yeah, that's ownership Ain't no way. Ain't no way they gonna overcome this. I'm saying let's say, let's say they end up losing to Memphis and they get KD this summer. Oh, okay, now you be right back. But he but Joe, lemme ask you this because this notion that if you drop KD in, you are automatically a, a a a championship contending team.


Now maybe that was upon a time you dropped them in at Golden State, but they were 73 and nine. Yeah. That didn't work out in Brooklyn. And it did. It was, it went horrible. It it went even worse than Phoenix than it did in Brooklyn. And we know how it ended in Brooklyn. Yeah. So are we sure we know how great historically great KD is. He's one of the great all-time bucket getters as efficient as anybody has ever been that mainly shoots the ball and doesn't play with his back to the rim. But are we sure if we drop KD in anywhere, they are a championship contending team? No, we not Sure. You know, I think it'll be a, a good look because everything still kind centers around Kyrie.


Is he gonna come back? When? When is he gonna start playing again? That's gonna be when next year round five probably. I I I'm think what you, I'm thinking the 2026 season. Yeah. See with just Duran and ad I, I mean I like it but I just need that pg I need, I need Kyrie at the one healthy man. Yes. Yeah. And I look, I agree. But here's the thing. Do you have the assets? There's only a handful of teams that can appease maybe what the suns want as far as players. Yeah. And the a the draft capital that's OKC. I don't think KD wants to go back to OKC. I don't either because I'm gonna want, I'm gonna want Ja I'm gonna tell you now I'm gonna want Jalen Williams.


I'm going want Lou do, I'm going get Chen hungry to Hartenstein and I'm gonna need three or four draft picks. But I, This is the thing. If k ha if let's say if KD does happen to go, go to a kc Oh the production that you get offensively having K there with NGA, it can replenish losing those, those players. No, because what makes them so good is the, the perimeter defenders. Yeah. Jalen Williams tremendous on the ball. You got Lou Dort tremendous on the ball. Yeah, right. You gonna take, I'm gonna take one of those bigs because I need a big Yeah, that's what I need in Phoenix because when you had, when you had DA Deandre Aton, but for whatever reason him and Marty couldn't get along. Right? He wanted to, they reluctantly they waited till the last minute and then I think they matched Indiana.


I think Indiana put an offer on him and they ended up matching him and he hated that. And so he ended up, they ended up going to Portland and it fell apart and Monty got fired. They bring in Frank Vogel, he gets fired, they bring in Mike Bozer, he gets fired. Yeah. So it, it's like, hold on, you got $80 million tied up in coaches that's not gonna coach for you that next year. So I, I get it. But I think the thing is that we might need to, and I look, I'm looking at it, I don't know without looking at it, what the, the Mavericks have as far as draft compensation. Now they didn't have to give up any, they they had to give up something because they traded for Kyrie. Yeah. Now what is, what, what actually did they give up to get Kyrie right now you get, you get what the 2028 first round pick from the Lakers and you got Max Chris did and ad Yeah.


That's really the only draft compensation that you got. You need multiple because think about what you gave up to get kd all those draft picks that you gave up and you gave up two young solid players. You gave up MHA bridges and you gave up Cam Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. So you are gonna have to replace that now. Maybe, maybe Joe, they still have Isaiah Joe who can defend. They still have Carl Wiggins who can defend. You have Caruso who can defend. So they might be willing to give up a Jalen Williams, give up a Lou dot, give up a heart and sign, give up three first round draft pick because they got so many draft picks.


But if I a lot, but if I'm Phoenix, I need players that can come in and play. But I also need that draft compensation to restock the coffers of what I gave up to get kd. And you don't want to give up your blue collar workers, man. Not all your blue collars. I like Hornstein do them blue collar workers that You know, they, they play big men defensive, understand their roles. Yeah, there we go. They, they definitely understand their role and they gonna play it and they gonna star in it. So it's hard giving up players like that, man. Mm. Ocho what you thinking? I like it. I like it. I, excuse me, I like it. Oh my goodness. I don't, I don't, I I don't think it's gonna happen.


Oh, he moving. It's just aware. Yeah, they're gonna move it. Yeah. Well I I told you where I wanted to go. Right. If it doesn't, if it's not OKC, if it's not Dallas, obviously I like Joe saying, You know what, it happened in Dallas but Youma come on down here to Miami man. Come on here, down to Miami. I think Pat, we need, we need a superstar. We need a superstar. I'm not saying it's LeBron Tyler hero. Pat ain't giving up Tyler Hero. We not giving away ba we not giving a ba You ain't giving up Tyler Hero either. I ain't giving no Tyler Hero bro. No. Remember he hold up three years. Hold up. Was it three years ago, Joe? He had an opportunity to get James Harden and he wouldn't include Tyler Hero in a package. Yeah.


You think he going to give up Tyler Hero after he just watched him? He averaged 23. He probably gonna win six men of the year. He just dropped 38 in a playoff game. And you think he gonna give that up? And Tyler Hero can't be no more than what, 2324 Joe? Yeah. He talk about 24. We all, we all talk about winning the greatest scores of all time. We talk about. Right. We talking about that kd, we talking about that Kevin Durant. Yeah. Right. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm just Curious, how old is kd? What are you 37 36. 37? Yeah, the Mavs have traded out of the 20 27 1 Well, one two protected 28 29 first round picks and a 2030 pick swap with San Antonio.


They ain't got nothing to offer. Dip, dip on. Women used to say, Hey, hey, you gonna get me this? What you want me to get it with son ass and mouth? What, what, what down is gonna offer Joe? Hey, I don't know but I just figured he went to school in Texas. I feel like he'll go back to Texas and play. Okay. Will But what that make, that makes sense. I'm gonna give him to you. Yeah, I know, but I don't know. They gonna have to figure out something. It's gonna have to be a three team trade. Four team. It gonna be some 10. Get in with 'em or something. Hey listen, and You Know what Joe, obviously, obviously you gonna have to take but the question is what about, okay, ad gonna want an extension.


Kyrie gonna want an extension.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need this NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date as we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Kyrie gonna get his in off season. He gonna get his in off season. But it doesn't matter what Phoenix does. Right. They will never be able to get back the conversation or the value that they gave of the get kd. You, you never will. You never will. So at some point you knowing that he wants to move, you're gonna have to do the best you can. And the best thing they can do is sit him right here down in the Miami. I'm gonna talk to Pat. I'm gonna tell Pat, pat listen, you gotta change your ways. You a Pat Riley is like you a little bit. He stuck. He's stuck in the eighties. He's stuck in the nineties. Hey listen, he doing everything. He doing everything the opposite way as opposed to the the times we're in. And that's hurt.


That's hurt us. Yeah. As an organization. Don't and me as a heat fan Don't go down there playing with Pat. Pat ain't trying to hear all that. And that's the thing though. Ocho think about it. The Lakers had, excuse me, the, the heat had won back to back championships. They're in the midst of a 27 game winning streak and Pat won to plume his feathers. He want to puff out his chest. He gonna take the cookies. Kate, you gotta understand you have to deal and basketball stars have always stars have always run the NBA. Yeah. Pat needs to understand that. You, you have to, you, it has to be a little bit more give and take Joe. Even then when you were in there, it is more, it is more give, the players are fully empowered now.


Now they're trying to wrestle some of it back. And you see the trade with Luca, it had everybody on eggshells. You heard Giannis? I guess ain't nobody say ain't that ain't nobody say you hear all the guys talking. Yeah. Yeah. Pat's gonna have to look Pat. Everybody know what I hate is when people try to, bro, we know you in control Pat, but cookies, hey D Wade told the story. D Wade said LeBron pushed back from the tape the, the card table And sat there be hey say He knew he ain't played no more cards. And You know Joe, when you play cards, we from that area, if you push back from the table and you stop playing it take up something real serious to break up a card game.


Yeah. A car a a a car game. Yeah. When you playing Tongue, you playing Boray, you playing guts? Oh yeah. I don't care what you play. If you break the card, you break the card game up Ocho it's a wrap. It's something serious. Yeah. Okay. And then you gonna try to come on there. Hey, pull your rings out your pocket. You need man, bro. Said later for you. Yeah, later for you. Now look at it. Jimmy Butler did the same thing. Yeah. Say hold on. All I would've need to look at D Wade after everything D Wade did D Wade, pat, pat Riley ain't got no loyalty now. Hey look, the only person he's ever had loyalty to was who?


Ud. Because UD turned that big deal down from, from Dallas. Yeah. Took less money and they took care of you. DI get that but your best player was Dwayne Wade. And you mean to tell me he had to go to Chicago after all the backseats that he took so you could get players? Yeah, I'm good. I was, I was on that team. I was on that team all playing with D Wade that last year in, in Miami. And we all was created, it was a lot of us that was created after the year. And they was like, man, You know y'all, y'all gonna come back to Miami. And of course I would've loved to came back to Miami, but when we started negotiations, Dway was just trying to get 10 a year. He was just trying to get 10 a year. Right. And man, they threw a fit at Dway and I'm like man, they got that man got way he county and everything out there.


Thank you. He can't get nothing. I ain't won't need no need me Paul, pat. I said let me just, I'm I'm gonna just go to Utah. I'm, I'm gonna kick it with these boys over here in Utah. We're gonna raise some hell over there. Hey only, only they gave a fit only at 10 a year. Only 10. Yeah man. Yeah, they, man was just trying to get 10 a year and I seen all the trouble he was having with it. I'm like, hold on, it ain't need me. It ain't even, it ain't even, it ain't even no need in my representation. Call and Pat, we just might as well keep it moving, You know, time. That's a, that's a phone call. Some, some I might need that oxygen down the road somewhere and I raced three or four minutes with him.


Nah, I'm good. Hey, hey you probably, huh? Oh okay. Hold on. I'll be there. Don't worry about it. Yeah, and that's the thing though, Ocho if you think about it, after everything that D Wade had done, all the sacrifice that he had taken, he had helped recruit Bos, he had helped recruit LeBron. He took less money because they would say, Hey, we need you to take less money. We gonna get kd, we gonna get kd. Okay when KD don't come and you gave Bo that big deal. Okay, what, what break bread now. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And so that's why I don't look, I don't feel bad when players leave because it's loyalty is a one sided the equation. Yeah. They want players to be loyalty and loyal and then when you don't, when you don't do what they say they like, well he's not serious about winning.


No, I, hey look at Boston, they win it and they got two and a half paid guys on them on in the NPA make it over 300 million. And you just gave, you just gave a a a a pri Darren White like one 20, you gave holiday like one 30. Yeah. So pri huh? They gave pri something too. What they get Prichard over that? Yeah, they gave Little Prichard and they about to do something with a pingers. Hey ain. But You know ain Al Harper and You know when you win, You know, everybody eat, You know what I mean? Yes. So, You know they won that title and I I I'm sure they looking to repeat. It's gonna be tough to knock them boys out.


Man. This is, this is probably the most interesting playoffs that we probably had in quite some time because the one in the eighties are going to be tough. Especially in the West. Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. And but the Pat gotta realize Pat ain't nobody coming to see you play. He wants to be the central theme, but You know, he's he's essential theme without making any noise. He oh no, he doing, he doing some back leg stuff behind, under the scenes. Everybody know who running the show. Yeah. He ain't making no, but see my thing is Ocho, if I, if you say what, hey, I'm gonna give you, here's the job, I'm gonna pay you X I'm gonna let you have access.


I'm gonna let X, Y, and Z. Now when you get me there, don't Think you gonna change up because I'm, I'm a buck. I'm gonna wh up. Right. I'm just gonna tell you how it is be, be, be one way with me when you tell me what I get. Okay. That's it. That's it. You tell me I get a room, I get a suite on the road. Don't you call me talking about, hey, well they ain't have no suites available. You should have booked this in advance. Just, just do, I'm always going to be this how I am Joe. Just do what you say. Right. I don't want you to do anything. If we didn't agree to it, don't, Joe, I'm cool with it. Right. Okay. I'm absolutely cool with it, but boy, you tell me something and then you gonna tell and do another.


Don't worry about it. Dont, don't, I ain't gonna even hold you. Right. But I just want you to know the first chance I get, I will exit stage left. Yeah. Mm. I ain't Finn argue, I ain't Finn to argue with you. You know? 'cause a lot of times, You know, well he difficult to do. If you tell me something and you don't follow through, you better believe I'm difficult. I'm a difficult mofo to deal with. Yeah, absolutely. One thou you not 1000. So you're not dealing with the games, huh? I don't just be ocho I've always been tell me the truth, I might not like it. Right. Right. But I can stomach it because I feel you're being honest with me. Honest, yes sir. If you lie to me one time, don't even worry about it.


And one, you don't give nobody no Grace. Nah. Not when it not when it not when it comes to business. Oh, business. Okay. Okay. Because now I can't trust you Ocho. Right, right, right. Your word needs to, your word needs to be what it is. Everyth, if I everything you, I'm gonna pay you $10, I'm gonna give you $10, not nine 50, not 8 75. I'm gonna give you 10, but don't bring your answer here. Talk about we agreed to 13 not out here. Look here. Is that your signature right there? Okay. We agree to 10. That's how I am Ocho I I don't know how you guys are, Joe. Right, right. But just be straight up with me. I'm the same way bro. I'm the same way. I totally understand. I totally understand. Hey, check this out Joe. You gonna get a, a kick outta this one.


What's that? The Clippers use Ben Simmons as Nicola Yoic and the scout team at practice. Ha man. Huh? I mean You better use a zoo box. I bet. I bet, I bet Ben probably killed in that role. Guys. It be different. Sometimes you put 'em in practice, you make 'em be somebody else, man. They will actually probably play better than him at times. I just, he can can't shoot though Joe. He Huh? He's afraid to shoot though. He is Man. I watched, I watched the games the other, I watched the game the other day against the Warriors actually. And man had a point blank lay man and he, he just so out. Yes bro. I think I, he look at his height and because he's 6 9 16, but man, that man is a true point guard man.


He's a guard. Yeah, he's a pass. First point guard. Well, he's a pass first not shoot at all. Point guard, which is not very good. It's not, not not, not in today's game. Not in today's game because the get the three point shot in the space. We have a very special guest joining us. WWE Superstar. Ah, here she is the only woman. Go ahead. Here she is. Bianca Bel Air Bianca, how you doing? I'm Doing good. I'm in Vegas. I'm getting ready for WrestleMania, so I'm doing good. How are you? Ooh, I'm good. So lemme ask you a question.


You're getting ready for WrestleMania. Tell me what you're going through. So what's the steps now? Okay, it's a couple of days away from WrestleMania. Are you doing anything different? Are you eating anything different? You making sure you get your rest? What, what, what are you going through? Oh, I'm locked in. It's WrestleMania. So Wrestlemania's our Super Bowl. So yeah, I'm, I'm dieting. Listen, my body is full of water, grilled chicken, broccoli. I'm over here like working out. I'm big and strong right now. Dang. On choke your I'm bigger than yours. Don't. Yo, put your heart down. O Joe. Hey. And You know, I, I I Hey B, can I, can I call you bb? I gotta give a Nickname. Yeah, that's good. That's good. Okay. Now I understand. When it comes to wrestling now I, I'm, I'm known historically for my bad diet and still being able to play at a high level eating McDonald's only.


Is it, is your diet strict? Are you vegetarian, vegan, or, I I don't know some of these other names or pescatarian. They have cheat meals as well. No, I have cheat meals. So I'm, I'm somebody, I'm somebody who I don't like to, I, I, I'm moderation, right? Like, I don't like to like cut anything out. If I want it, I have it in moderation, but when it's WrestleMania, I lock in. I, I pretty much, I tried to have cheat meals, so I'm ready for Sunday. I'm on night two WrestleMania. And after Sunday, after I defeat EO and Ria and I take that title, I'm, I'm a you go, I'm a be McDonald's probably the next day. So, so tell me about the triple. So, so Bianca, tell us about the triple threat match.


How does that go? Yeah, so I have the title match. I'm, I'm in a triple threat match. I'm going against R Ripley and right now our WWE women's champion is EO Scott. So it's a triple threat and whoever gets the first pin wins. So at this point, okay, I won elimination chamber. I'm supposed to be gonna WrestleMania, I was supposed to be, I was supposed to be facing re E EO Scott. And it's just been a bunch of shenanigans. Like my path to WrestleMania has been crazy. I ended up being a special guest referee, and so now it's a triple threat. So that's why I'm going up against a WrestleMania. Oh, okay. Now hold on. What happened? You, Jade and Naomi, y'all were Cool. I know. Jade, my girl. What? Hold on now. Hey, if, if this will be, I don't know, I might have to come down there.


Bianca something Now what's really going on? Birthday. It's crazy right now. WrestleMania season, it gets crazy and it breaks my heart. Yeah. You know, it's, so much has happened in a year. Last WrestleMania, you had the big three. You had me, Jay, Naomi, we were having the tag match. Jade and I, we were an attack team together. We, we did amazing things. We put the tax division on the map, and then it's just a lot that happened. You know, Jade got taken out and Naomi stepped in so that I wouldn't have to relinquish that title. 'cause I felt like we put so much hard work into it. And so the whole time we trying to figure out who took Jade out. Come to find out it was Naomi.


What Perfect It was Naomi Pridefully good, but nothing, Trust me, I was just as confused as everybody else. Jay came back, I thought she was coming back. I, listen, I done been loud and wrong the whole time. I, I've been attacking other girls thinking they, the ones that did it, making enemies. Jade came back. I think she, I'm thinking she coming for Liv. She start beating up Naomi. I'm like, what is going on? So at this point, I feel like I'm, I'm now stuck in the middle, You know? And Jade, she, I don't think she trusted me right now. And I'm like, what? I'm confused. So right now, I feel like we're, we're trying to get through WrestleMania. Jade has a match with Naomi, which breaks my heart.


I have a, a triple threat match. And I think we're just trying to get through WrestleMania then, You know, maybe we'll revisit that and, and, and try to figure all that out. Yeah, it's crazy. Hey, You know what, speaking, speaking of, speaking of WrestleMania, listen, you've, you've created some historic, historic moments at WrestleMania, obviously. And looking back, if, if you're able to look back, what's your favorite WrestleMania memory moments so far in Your career? Oh, I mean, I definitely have to go with Main Event and WrestleMania with Sasha Banks. We made history. We were the first two black women to, to Main event WrestleMania. It was coming right off of the pandemic. So it was a, a crazy time in the world. But I, I was, I was a rookie. My very first year, I found myself in the main event of WrestleMania.


I won the SmackDown title. We won an espb off of that match. So we got recognized in the world of sports, which I'm all about 'cause I've been an athlete my whole life. So, and ever since that moment, like, it's just changed the whole trajectory of my career. And it's been uphill since then. But that's, that's the memory that's always gonna stick with me because it was more than just about having a wrestling match, You know, like, it was about inspiring generations to come and be in representation. So that's definitely like the moment that sticks with me. Right. Hey, I wanna ask a question. This is Joe. What's your, what's your regimen as far as working out? I see you cut up over there. What you, how, how, how, how you stay to, what you doing? Yoga, Pilates, what you, what's the secret?


Well, I don't cut up like a bag of dope. Who is it? Listen, I don't do yoga and Pilates because I can't sit still. I'm, I'm a, I'm a girl who, same. I lift very heavy weight. I do a lot of circuit training, but I live very heavy weight. I do a lot of circuit training, like CrossFit type of training. But I can't sit still. I can't get with the yoga and Pilates, They, they CrossFit. It's not a lot of wrist in there. It's just like constant, constant moving, huh? Yeah. It, it, to me, it, it's like the best thing to do that kind of simulates wrestling. 'cause it's full body movements and it's just like circuit training. Yeah. So you more of a hit, you more of a hit type of a workout.


You like high intensely and you like to keep it going. Yes. So I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do this for an hour. I know I'm gonna burn maximum calories. I'm getting full body because look, everybody ain't got time to, I'm gonna hit chest and try, I'm gonna hit back and by, I'm gonna hit res today. I'm gonna hit quads tomorrow. I'm gonna do, You know, I'm trying to get into a, I got a a, a a, a small amount of time. Right. I'm gonna get in the gym. I'm gonna kill it all. I'm hitting back shoulders, s hamre, glue wash. We gonna Do it. Amp a full body workout. I mean, we travel a lot, right? So like, we, we always have to try to find whatever gym might be a hotel, gym, whatever gym is on the corner that day. Like, so we have to try to like adjust to what we're doing.


So I'm always trying to get the best workout in. I'm always a hit girl. I'm not doing cardio lessons hit. And I love the Peloton. Like I stay on the Peloton. That's the only way I can do cardio on, on a, on a machine. Really. Yeah. So, but when you, lemme ask you this, when you work out, do you have, do you like listen to music or do you just I do, I do. I do. But my, my playlist is like all over the place. I, I be, I be having like Meg and Cardi and, and then next thing You know, it's Kurt Franklin. Like, I listen. That's all. I listen to a lot of gospel music when I work out because I be going through it. I'm like, Lord, just Jesus, take the wheel. Help me get through this. 'cause when people, when people be asking me, can I come out with you?


And I be like, I don't Think you wanna do that because Right. I be I be getting it in. Yeah. Yeah. What, what, what, what different, what different sports did you, did you play growing Up? So I started out with, with track and field and gymnastics. So those were, those were like my, my my two bases, which I feel like You can see the foundation. Yeah. That's My foundation. Track and field and gymnastics and Right. I did those sports. Majority of my life. I played basketball as well. You who? But I'm sorry. I mean, I was, I was good on defense. I, I got, I got the rebounds.


Listen, I, I I, I say that, I say that to ask like what sports you played growing up. And I just wanna know at what point was a transition for you really when you realize, You know, a rash is my calling and not the other sports that I played as a, as a, as a Youngster. Yeah. That didn't happen until I was an adult, until I was 27. So I went to college in ran track. I went to University of Scon, Texas a and m and University of Tennessee. I ran track and after, after college, I was like, I've been an athlete my whole life. I, I have to do something. So that's when I found Cro CrossFit. Right. And I realized like my whole life I've been grinding and trying to get a scholarship and working so hard. I was forgetting to have fun when I was work, when I was playing sports.


So CrossFit, I was like, okay, I'm having fun. I'm gonna make it some my own outfits. I was going out there in Tutu, I was turning flips and then doing a power clean and press and grabbing a microphone and talking to the audience. Got and Mark Henry, who's a, a WWE Hall of Fame, he saw a video of me. He's like, you're basically a wrestler. You, you, you're basically wearing a wrestling gear. You're talking to the audience. And I didn't really watch wrestling growing up. My brother watched it, so I would watch it here and there with him. So I was just somebody who didn't know much about the business. So he got me a tryout and I did two tryouts, got hired, had no idea what I was doing. And then I completely found love with it. So I love meeting people who always say like, I don't watch wrestling.


That's, that's not for me. Or I haven't watched it since back in the day. And I'm like, listen, that used to be me. Right? Just, just come to a show. Just watch and you gonna fall in love. So much has changed. And so I feel like it's my soulmate. Like I think of it as, as like my husband, like once wrestling came into my life, I'm like, where have you been this whole time? This is what I've been looking for.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. Have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Now, You know, Jay played college basketball also. So one-on-one Who, who, who who win it. Listen, we did hot ones and we had to play basketball. And she whooped me. She whooped me. I caught myself the EST. But she, she whooped me in basketball. Yeah, She, no, she's huge. She's really athletic. Yeah. I've seen her out a couple times. She used to train with the trainer that trained me when I retired. No, she, she, she's, y'all work out. Have y'all worked out together? We haven't. Every time we went on, we would go on the bro. Wow. We would try to get together and work out. Well actually one time we didn't work out, but we actually read our mouths more than we worked out. So that didn't, that didn't, that didn't go well.


Little bit. Here's the thing. Charlotte Flair and Tiffany Stratton got a little personal with their comments. Mm. Did you, do you think they crossed the line? And you say, oh, don't worry about it. When I get y'all ass in that ring, we'll settle this. Listen in wrestling, you never know what's gonna happen. That's what's really cool about wrestling. That's what makes it entertaining. You never know when like lines are being blurred and when they're not being blurred. And You know, I think that with what happened in the ring, it, it caused a lot of conversation online and it brought more eyes to, to what's about to happen. And all I can say is I feel like a lot more people are gonna be tuned in to what's gonna be happening at WrestleMania and whatever beef they got inside and outside the ring, they gonna settle that wrestle in.


We all gonna be locked in watching. You know what I like, I like that. You got something Joe? No, I'm gonna be tuned in. I wanna see what, what they talking about. See what they got going on. Yeah, Exactly. I got one. I got, I got, I got one more question. Go ahead. I got one more. If you could have a dream match for any WWE legend, past or present, who would you Choose? Hmm. I would have to go with, Ooh, it's hard to pick one. Beth tr straddles. You know Trish, she, she, she, she just came in and like, had had a couple of matches she still can throw down in that ring she gets down. But for me, I think it would be Beth Phoenix.


Okay. Just, just because she was like one of the first ones that I watched and I saw her pick up two girls on her shoulders and I'm like, she damn. Yeah. And I'm like, I wanna do that. Like I wanna do that Beth Phoenix and, and, and Jazz. Those would be my top two. Okay. I like it. I like it. We saw you recently return to your high school to donate hurdles. You mentioned that you played it, you ran track at the University of South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas a and m. Curtis Fry, the head coach at Texas, at South Carolina, I think, is it McKennan Dow? 'cause he used to be at LSU now he's the Texas a m, correct? Oh, I'm not sure when I was there was Coach Anderson at Texas a m Okay. Yeah.


So what, what was your fondest memory of high school? I mean, 'cause obviously you were very athletic. You had to be one of the most popular girls at that school. I was, You know what? I was popular but not because I had a lot of friends. I was actually very quiet and reserved into myself, into myself in high school. I had like a very select group of friends. Like my best friend to this day was my best friend when I was like eight years old, even through high school. That's awesome. But it's, I was so locked in with track, like where everybody else was at parties. I was on the track running, I was waking up in the morning doing, I would do a thousand abs every morning and like 300 pushups every morning. And I, I was, I was focused in high school.


But I think my best, it's crazy. My best memories were on the track with the track team. Like yeah. We, we, we were like my group of friends, that was like the first lesson of like women empowerment for me because we really stuck together. We really pushed each other and we trained hard. Like we were still friends to this day. And then I think like my high school, I think like football games, like my high school, the band mimicked the HBCU type of band. Oh yeah. That, You know, I was a, yeah, I was a cheerleader and I played basketball and so like, we were like my twin team, we were at the clovers, so Okay.


We were more of a step team and like I would Right. I would play basketball with the girls and then after the game I would go in the locker room and switch over from my basketball uniform into my cheer uniform. And I would go out and then cheer for the boys and flip down the court. Damn Beyonce. Yeah. So those were like my fondest memories. It all like revolved around like sports and stuff. I can honestly say in all my life I've been, look, I've been, I was in four HI was raised on a farm. I've been to the county fair. I ain't never heard no itch like that. I, I'm a hoop for for the whip and then I'm gonna go change out. I'm gonna give a shit.


I'm on top of the big go guys. Damn. I was in the body of the pyramid. I was the base. Great. Yeah. Hey, hear, hearing the stories, hearing your stories about track it, it resonates with me so well because obviously my daughter runs track right now for University of Kentucky and she, she's a sophomore and her friend, her whole core group, her nucleus is actually those that run track with her because there's nobody really outside of that. And that that, that, that's really dope. That's really dope. Yeah, man, I, I always feel like women in sports, we learn our, our our best lessons. Whether, whether you go and become an Olympian or a professional athlete or not, you learn so many lessons when it comes to sports and you get so many friends that become lifelong friends.


So I'm happy she's having a great experience. Yeah. But You know, you say Go ahead. Go ahead Joe. Mama, what about your, your, your athletic ability? Which, which parent does it come from? Comes from your mom or your dad? From both. From both. My mama said she was fast and you ran track. She said, well, no, You know, neither one of them actually played sports in high school, but they both said that they're both, they were both athletic. They ain't got, we ain't got no footage. No, they, I I just take their word for it, You know, I have, I have to, I have to believe it because I got it from somewhere. I think. I think I got it from both of them.


Bianca. There's nothing easy about track practice because it's, you, you have to do the work and you only gonna get in what you, you only gonna get out what you put in. Well, yeah, because that's a really lonely sport. Yeah. It's a really individual sport because can't nobody help you. I always say track is, we were just talking about this, but my parents over the weekend track is one of the hardest sports out there. And we were saying how you train so hard and like say for instance, say you run the hundred and you, you, you train for for 10 seconds, 11 seconds. That's it. And it's not, you don't get, you don't get immediate immediate gratification. For instance, for like, like basketball.


Even if you lose the game, every, you, you, you still score points. You score bucket. So you get that immediate gratification. Football, you might score a touchdown track is that gun goes off. You cross the finish line. That's it. And a lot of times you hardly, if you're on, if you're like the top, top top, you, you win a lot. Right. But if you're not, you hardly ever really win in track. Like, that's crazy to think about. Like, you train all these years, you train all these days, you hardly ever really win. You're just, you're, you're, you're, you're going against yourself. You're you're going against your own time. And that's why like if you a track athlete, when they have a track meet and you ask 'em like, oh, did you win?


And you're like, it doesn't matter if I won, you should ask like, did you beat your pr because it's always you against yourself. Yeah. Right. And it's, it's, it's a very, very hard sport physically and mentally For the people that they didn't watch. First take. We had you on first take Stephen a and I and Molly and you you was talking to tell us about the, the outfits that you wear. You make all of your own costumes. Yeah. Everything that you see her wear in the ring guys, she designed it. Yeah. I make everything, all of my gear. I make it most of, I make it from scratch. Some of it, if I run outta time, I'll customize it, but for the most part I make it. And I've never taken a sewing class a day in my life.


Damn. I've learned everything through YouTube trials, YouTube, video, YouTube, YouTube trials, YouTube. Let me get on YouTube right now. I'm gonna find me something I can do from YouTube. You can Wait. You Sir, you, you've never, you never learned how to sew, but you Can do things from watching YouTube. Yeah, I, I went on YouTube. Oh. I took home neck. So I do know how to sew a little, but I made a t-shirt. I made a shirt. See, See, You know, see it's, it's, it's just in, in trial and error. It takes dedication and time. But I make everything. It's cool. 'cause like when I watch my, like the, the video game, the gear that I'm wearing, I, I, I made that my, my action figures, I made that. But it, it is rough 'cause I just, I don't have a lot of time.


So a lot of time I'm sewing in like the airports I'm sewing in my hotel room. It's crazy. But I, I, I keep pushing myself and I'm excited about my WrestleMania, my WrestleMania gear this year. Bianca, would you like to, would you like to do movies? Would you, I mean, I could see you as an action. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did. I was in Bel Air the last season and that was really, really cool. That was my first experience of like, being in, in an actual show. But I would love it. I mean, technically what we do in, in, in wrestling with storylines, it's, it is, it's acting. You know, and I look at people like Rock John Cena Batista, they've all really set that, that that, that blueprint in now.


Yes. With us going Netflix, I feel like it's just gonna open the door more and more. Right. So I'm, I'm excited for the future. I I would love to, to be in movies. Can we expect another season of love in wwe? I I mean, I hope so. I'm waiting to to hear back. It's, it's funny though, 'cause I was somebody who was always like, I will never do reality tv. Like, it's not for me. It's, and then I learned to never say never. So you, You know, the opportunity presented itself and were like, okay, let's just, let's not try to be perfect. Let's just be real. Let's just be us and see where it goes. And we really wanted to open, like pull that curtain back and, and show people what it's like to be like a WWE superstar and be a spouse at the same time and balance that lifestyle.


So I think we, like, we, we spoonfed the first season, so it would be really cool to, to do a second season and show more of our, our, our life outside of wrestling. Yeah. For those that don't know, Bianca husband is a WWE Yeah. Participant also. So let, how did you guys meet? We Met in wwe. So when I say WWE like completely changed my life, it completely changed my life. It gave me a whole, you not Supposed to mess with somebody at work, Bianca. Oh, so, so funny story. Funny story. Yes, yes. That was the rule. And, and even Breaker Mark Henry, literally, oh gosh, Mark Henry the one who got me into wwe.


EII know. So when I first got into WWE EI saw, I saw him and he got injured really bad and he went away for a couple of months. I was like, oh, that's a beautiful man. Keep him from me. And they did it. So a couple months later he came back and I was like, okay, so this is what we doing. And we just like immediately clicked and we just like never left each other's side. And then Mark Henry came to the, to the performance center, which is where we train when we first get in wwe, he pulls me aside and he's like talking to me about like, what do you wanna do? And, You know, who do you wanna be in the ring? And he's like, and You know, whatever you do don't date anybody in the business.


And I'm just like, oh, Too late. And I was like, okay. And I'm like, oh no, this is, what do I do now? Yeah. So when he found out we were dating and, You know, we were getting married, I think once he found out we were getting married, he was like, he said, okay, okay, cool. Different, but yeah, we, we, we just broke all the rules. Well, congratulations. WrestleMania 41 is this Friday and Saturday. Check it out on Peacock at 7:00 PM Eastern on Peacock WrestleMania. 41 Friday and Saturday, 7:00 PM Eastern on Peacock. Anything else you want?


Any, do you promoting anything you got any supplements, anything that you wanna, that you wanna promote while you here? I'm just here to promote WrestleMania right now. I'm gonna be on night two, but wwe, we're taking over Vegas. It's a whole week long of events. We have WWE e World with, You know, autograph signings and, and, and meet and greets. And we have SmackDown on Friday Hall of Fame Friday night, WrestleMania night one, WrestleMania nine two. We have Raw Monday NXT Tuesday my match is night two. I'm having to match triple threat versus EO Skype R Ripley. I'm going after WWE e Women's World title and I'm walking outta WrestleMania as champion because you can't spell WrestleMania without EST.


I'm going undefeated at WrestleMania. I like it. Let's go. Good luck. Good luck. You, thank you for joining us Bianca, welcome. Best of luck. Continued success. Congratulations on everything that you've accomplished. Much more to be accomplished. Thank you for joining us. Good luck in WrestleMania. Hey, bring the title home and when you get that title, come back and tell us how you did it. I got you. Thank you for having me. You're very, very welcome. Thank you. Thanks. See you Miss Bianca Belaire. Yeah, man, that was, she's unbelievable. Well, we had, we had on a couple of, about a month ago, she was on first take and so she's just her personality Ocho and, and Joe. Yeah. She's just, I mean, you could see she's so bubbly.


You could see why people gravitate towards her. Her personality is infectious. Yeah. You can tell she's very passionate about what she does. That's why she's good at it. You heard what she says. I did a thousand situps every morning. I made sure I did 300 pushups. I did this, I did that. You see personally, that's motivated. They're gonna be motivated in all things. Yes sir. You gotta have it there. No. That you wanna surround yourself with. Those are the key people that you wanna be in business with. You want on your team, you want want very self motivated people. I don't need to motivate you with money. Right. Because guess what, when you get enough of it, then what's the stimulus? I don't wanna motivate you by fear.


I'm gonna fire you or I'm gonna do, at some point in time they become idle threats. Self-motivation is really sustainable. Mm. And that's what I tell kids all the time, bro. Young ladies, guys, find something that you're passionate about. Don't go. That's all you gotta pour into it. Yes sir. That girl cut up like some onions was ain. She Man man, Joe. Hey Josie. Mad Joe. We can't, we can't get too, look, I, I'm happy. I I I I'm just saying I and I know you, you got people to Think you, you're right. We, we keep that. I, oh, hold on. I can look at the menu now. I ain't trying to order that. Yeah, yeah.


I'm gonna look, I'm just looking. Hey, just because you order don't mean you can't read the menu because normally at the menu I ain't Finn Oh no. Once I order you better come take this menu. I might order again. Come take it. No, I don't even know. Don't break me the jerk menu either, doctor. She's just, she, she's great. I mean, I grew up a wrestling, I mean, I'm from Georgia, so Georgia Championship wrestling is where it all started. It started in the south Wrestling used to be very regional. You had the south, you had the Mid-Atlantic, you had the Midwest, and You know, it combined. But I, my grandpa used to take me and my brother to Bley. We go to Savannah, we go to Blackshire, we go all those were Alia and we saw all of them.


Were all, I'm talking about the old, old school wrestlers like Abdullah, the Butcher, ox Baker, boa, Brazil, Andre the Giant Rick Flair, Greg Valentine, Ricky, I'm talking about you named the old old Guard. Yeah. We saw him from Blackwell. Mad OI was in heaven, man. I was in heaven that my mama used to wake me up every morning. Listen to watching that wrestling and hollering came on. Junkyard Dog was her favorite wrestler, junkyard dog. My she to go crazy, man. Yeah, man. That that were, those were the days man. Those were the days man watching Dusty Rose. Yeah, yeah. Dusty Rose Bernard.


Hey, remember Jimmy? Jim Jimmy. Super ser. Yeah. Super ser. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh man, look here. Black Jack Mulligan, all the Tulley Ger. Hey, hey. Remember Hacksaw Jim? Dugie hacksaw. Jim Dugie. Yes. Van Broski. Yeah. Nikita Coop. Ivan Coop, the Russian Bear. Mr. Wrestling, number one and two Super. D one and two, the road warrior. That was my favorite. The road warrior when they come out with that. A a hard arm man. Hold up though. I'm saying back then did y'all think Oh, that y'all was real, right? I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely.


Man, they get up and I get caught. Yeah, boy, it was a day boy, a real classic. And as soon as it go off, me and my brother out in the yard trying to move on each other. Boy Don, y'all hurt y'all. Damn. Well roll back. Oh yeah, The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.