
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy. Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com.


I looked over the person sitting next to me, and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Stouffer's, Prego, Progresso, Sargento, and Hidden Valley for easy prep dinners. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings.


Enjoy savings when you shop in-store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Hey, It's Wilford El And Sabrina Bryan. And we're the host of the new podcast, Magical Rewind. You may know us from some of your favorite childhood TV movies like My Date with the president s daughter And, The Cheetah Girls movies. Together, we're sitting down to watch all the movies you grew up with and chat with some of your favorite stars and crew that made these iconic movies happen. So, Kick back, grab your popcorn and join us Listen to Magical Rewind on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by State Farm like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine ooo, ooo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com. The Volume, The 82 game preseason is in the books, and it's finally time for the real season.


Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sports book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling.


Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. Guys, I really hope you enjoyed that interview. She was amazing Ocho she was amazing. Yeah, she's full of personality. Yes, guys, you understand like, it's like probably two, three o'clock in the morning there. So we have to come on early in the morning.


Ocho and I, we have to, I have to wake up early because OCHO is three hours ahead of me. So I I'm, I'm dragging myself out of bed. But we're trying, we do everything we possibly can. Like I said, we've had Justin Gatlin, we've had Michael Johnson now we've had Gabby Thomas on. We got, we got someone else tomorrow. What I think when I Yeah, who We got? Who we got tomorrow? Who we got tomorrow. Who got, Who got? It's a secret. It's a secret. Come On. I dunno. Victoria, you could tell me though. Nah, nah, he said a world record. That's all you need to know. World Record. World record. Who said a world record? Okay. Okay. He did. That's why he gonna be on. So guys, hopefully you enjoyed, you enjoyed that interview.


Like I said, she's amazing. Her personality was unbelievable. Go ahead, Ojo. I enjoyed the, I enjoyed everything about that, but I couldn't say that one goddamn word. Epidemiology. Hey, I can say that. Epi epidemiology. I can say it. I can say it now. Yeah, I've been trying. I've been, I've been trying to pronounce it all Damn day. Thank you. Congratulations Gabby. Good luck. In the four by one and the four by four ocho, we had another gold medal. A like I said, Paris must be hilly because there's gold in those hills because the US men and women was making a run for that goal. Oh yeah. Tara Davis Woodhall takes gold in the long jump jump with a jump of seven meters.


Ten seven point one zero, if I'm not mistaken. That's a little over 23 feet. She beat the reigning Olympic champ. I think she's think she's German, but she beat her, I think it was a third jump, a third or fourth jump. And it held, stood the test of time. Did we get, did we get, did we get the bronze medal also because I think I said a little over 23 feet. It's 23 feet even. So it's a little bit over 23 feet as you see. I asked you how to do about, so what did you say? I said it's a little over 23 feet. It's 23 feet, 2, 9 4. So that's over 23 feet. But I think, I think we might've got gold and bronze because I think the lady that got the bronze medal, she also got the bronze in the triple jump.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah, because I, I was watching it and I ended up Huh? Jasmine Moore. Yeah. She also took bronze in the long jump and the triple jump, excuse me, because I was watching because be the long jump was kinda like finishing up OCHO when they was getting ready to start the 400 meter, the women's 400 meters. Right. Right. And remember they held it up until, because it was her last jump. And then after Sid ends up winning in world record time, her and her and Tar Tara Davis Woodhall ended up being draped in the American flags taking pictures together. So congratulations to TA Tara Davis Woodhall Women's Long Jump Olympic Champ. And again, congratulations, you, Sid, you are unbelievable.


You tapped my pockets on this one right here. Woo. She got sweepstakes on this one. Daniel Thomas dodged express frustration over not having access to her coach for two and a half weeks in Paris. Thanks. And proper and proper and, and the improper treatment of field events athletes by the Jamaican Athletic Federation. Let's take a listen to what she had to say. Ocho. Oh, I didn't have my coach here. I've been in the village for two and a half weeks and I was denied the, the privilege of of, of having a, a, a coach's pass for my coach to even be at the, the training facilities for two and a half weeks and moving forward as to, you know, what will be definitely best for me and my mental health because I cannot do this anymore.


It's very frustrating dealing with JOA and j threes because these people don't care about Philipp events in Jamaica. And if they did, they would make sure that we have everything we need. Oof. You gotta be careful. You heard the lady, don't, your, you said they don't care about her. Yeah. Hey, listen, you gotta be careful. Listen, the Jamaican Athletics Federation don't play that shit. They say, they issued a statement. If, if she doesn't return, they don't, that shit, her statement, she won't be accredited for another Olympic games. They don't play that shit. Excuse me. I don't mean to curse, but when you're representing your country, Jamaica, any, you, you, you, it's the difficulty when you speak out against a place like that.


Yeah. It's, it's, it's a little different. I mean, USA hey, you know, you could, you could protest. You could, you could, you know, voice your displeasure with the way things are run over there. All right, man. Yeah. Hey there. It's a different ball game. It's a different ball game. Basically what she's trying to say, and I wanna paraphrase here. I mean, she spoke and I think it's very clear, she said the way they treat the sprinters, they don't treat the, the, the, the field event athletes the same way. So you're talking about your jumpers, your throwers. They don't get the same love and consideration that they give the, the sprinters the hundred, the 200 to 400, the hurdles. Right. Low, mid highs and lows.


So I I I hear the frustration in her voice. Right. That's, it's, it's disappointing. Yeah. You know, you, you get there and no matter what, what you look, every 10,000 athletes, everybody think they gonna win gold, right? I mean, where the hell you going? If you don't think you gonna medal, why the hell are you even going? Right? You right. I didn't go, I didn't spend a lifetime. I didn't devote my life. Most of these a athletes have devoted their entire life to this very moment. Right now, these 10,000 athletes, half of 'em ain't going to la This is it, right? This is it. Yeah. Hey, I, I, And you just won't, you just won't.


If this was my, if this was my one moment Ocho, if this was my one moment in the sun, lemme bask in the glory. Oh, yeah, most definitely. Which is why I understand the frustrations. If I'm representing my country, I need the Jamaican Athletic Federation to do everything in their power to make sure I have every advantage possible so I can represent us to the fullest. If that's having my trainer and my trainer having the access to the village, make sure my trainer has access to the village. If that's, if that's, let's say they're not treating the field event, you know, those that are competing in the field events the same as they do in the sprinters.


Well, so that's, that's something you, that's something you gotta deal with. I mean, that's, that's life. That's life in general. Yes. That's life in general. So that shouldn't affect you either way. I mean, you, you know, you're there to, you're there to compete. Forget how they treat you forget how they forget all that you're supposed to be locked in anyway. Yeah. But I mean, there's a reason why they have coaches That which is why, Who, who, who the, who's at the Olympics without a coach. Right. I mean, that, that is messed up man. Her coach not being able to have access to her 24 7. You know, and I think if her coach was by her side, how people, she wouldn't even notice how others were treating. You know, those that were doing field of men as opposed, That's how it's So what about the Americans?


The men and women ain't standing nowhere near the Olympic Village. It's estimated it's costing $15 million to house the men's and women's basketball team. What? They ain't sleeping on no cardboard boxes. Every, I guarantee you, every federation, what's our strong pseu ocho I can guarantee you in China. Yeah. The, the, the, the table tennis and the bad men and the weightlifters. Yes, sir. They get treated, they get treated differently than tho their, their track athletes. It just Is it it's what it's, yes, Sir. We, we know how the thing works. It's like they on a football team.


Oh, your top 10 guys definitely get treated differently than the bottom 10. Oh, okay. ocho, you one of those top 10 guys. You got treated differently than the guy 36. Then the guy 41, duh. We on the same team. They act like they don't, they act like they don't want me a part of this, bro. Sit down. Call it You're talking too. You're talking too much. You talking your ass off. Get you. But Ocho you know how it is. Yeah. I I, yeah, I I know exactly you we're Talking. I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to explain to, to the people at home have, having been a pro ex-professional athlete for 14 years, Ocho I think played at least a decade, maybe 11 years, 13.


And being, and being in a situation where, I don't know how, what your title was and, and in high school, but, you know, I was captain of the team and I was treated differently. Now, what I didn't do right, is that I didn't flaunt it in my teammate's face. I Didn't do that. I didn't abuse my, I didn't abuse that exactly. Just like you did In college. I was treated. I didn't, I was treated differently. Everybody knew I was treated differently. I didn't flaunt it. Anybody. Hey culture, we drove the bus everywhere, man. They'd be like, man, sharp. I'm hungry. I said, y'all wanna stop? I said, coach David, man, I'm hungry. Coach, coach David will stop the bus. Yes sir. Pull over at a convenience store. We pull over at a restaurant. Hey, he talking about you responsible for him. I said, okay, now keep your hands in your damn pocket.


You ain't got no money. Stay your ass on the bus. Because, because hey, because y'all, y'all done got me. I done stuck my neck out there. Yeah. Y'all have to chop my neck off. So I understood. Even in Denver, I had certain privileges, but I never abused those privileges. Yeah. I used the, Hey man, ask, ask Mike can we get the fight? Hey Mike, man, you know, it'd be really nice. What's that? 84. We get the fight. So we get De La Jolla and in, in Tito Trinidad, we getting Tyson. We getting all, all the fight. Any tough fight that came on, Mike, we want to fight. Right. We got it. Hey man, Mike, Mike, this food here. Terrible. What's going on? 84, man. I said, Mike, I can't eat this bull drive. Well, what you want.


There it is. Yeah. So I think, you know, it's funny when I think about now that you said it and you talk about privilege and, and being treated different than every, everybody, I think the privilege that I took advantage of that Marvin and the rest of the coaching staff allowed me to, to do what they allowed me to be myself. That's true. They allowed me to be myself. Unc. Especially when it was time to play. You know, when it came to media day, when it came time to, to motivate myself, whether it be through media, whether it be through the non-malicious trash talk, whether it be through the entertainment that I brought to the game of football. They just allowed me to be myself. And I think that's one of the privileges that they allowed me to do in not trying to change me.


They didn't try to change nothing. That they just let Chad be Chad. And, and, and that was, that was, that was my privilege. That was my privilege. Yeah. And I, that, that's just the thing. OII was never a guy that like, oh, I can do this. I'm gonna show up late. Nah, I'ma be on time because I never, because I always, I always knew I ain't always be in high school. I'm gonna leave high school. Yes, sir. And I never wanted the guys to see what if, if I ever get in sharp position, that's how I'm gonna be lazy. Right. Blow off meetings, not work hard. Co be it high school, college of the professionals. Right. I always had that. I knew people were watching me ocho I knew that they knew I had certain privileges.


My college coach, his son told me, my dad treated you more like a son than he treated me. Mm. Dang. But I didn't abuse, I didn't abuse those privileges. I went to practice. I worked my ass off because I had a bigger picture. But I also wanted the guys to respect when Coach Davis told him something I wanted. Man, sharp ain't do it. Now, if it wasn't right, I would go to Coach Davis and like coach, you know, so forth and so on. Now guys messing up. I mean, but I would, I throw my weight around. Right. Oh. One night a guy. Oh. We had cur we all, we had cur during the season. We had, we had bad check, we had curfew.


So Coach come by, check the rooms. Okay. A guy missing. He called it ocho. It's already 11 o'clock. I'm, I'm, I'm, Hey, I go to bed. I'm going to bed because I'm up at seven. I'm showering eat breakfast because my first class is at eight. Right. I went eight to nine, nine to 10, 10 to 11, 11 to 12. I was done for the day. Eat, go to go take a nap, get ready to go to practice. Right. Coach, come back there guy. Guess he checked rooms. Guy ain't in the room. He done bam. On everybody door got everybody. So I'm on OCHO when I'm asleep. I'm one of them. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm just saying I'm one of them. Yeah. I, I ain't nice.


I ain't moody. Oh. Oh. My grandma said, boy, you got your ass on your shoulder this morning, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My grandfather used to tell my, my aunts them how to have, you know, they were moody like that too. My grandfather told my aunts and them one day say, is there's something on your mind you want on your ass. 'cause I can put it there. Right. Oh yeah. So Ocho, he ba the door, we all out. So I, I'm back. Ocho already got hell in me. I'm sorry, but you know, I ain't got no patience. Ocho. Right. I already got hell in me. Where is he at? So I'm looking around, I'm looking at the key, the key contributors, like starters. Me, Baal, I, I see the starters. A, a squirrel.


I see Big Mike. I said, I see everybody that you know. Where is he? He talking about dance. If dance ain't make bad check, and if y'all don't tell me where he is, y'all gonna be running Uhoh O 11 o'clock. Oh, y'all were gonna run that night like this? Yes. Oh. That's, that's what he thought. I dunno who told him, but they told him wrong. I say I, because I, I thought I heard him, but maybe I didn't. So I didn't want to overact ocho I didn't want to jump. 'cause I've already, 'cause I already know how I'm, I could easily go from zero to a thousand. Right. But I ain't wanna do that. Right. So I just was like, I'm like, who Coach Danzy, if y'all don't tell me where he at, y'all gonna run.


I said, coach, I got class at eight o'clock. I said, Dany don't even start. I ain't running nothing. I'm going back to my room. I turn, I walk. You joke say, man, sh Sharp ain't running. I ain't running either. Everybody came in, everybody came in behind me. Right. Oh, I'm not finna do, bro. He don't even start. He don't even Right, Right, right. I'm not Finn to run for that. Right. Oh no. Hell no. Y'all got me to smooth. Oh, no. Leo. Y'all talking about Leo. Hey, say that Leo. That was my, that was my senior Leo was my friend. My freshman year.


Leo and I came in together. But I don't believe in that like o said Ocho. Right. I don't believe and abuse the power. Right. Because it power will tell you a lot about a person. Oh yeah. If you wanna know something about a person, give them power Or money, one or the other. But see, see, all money does it makes you more what you already are. Already Are. Yeah. See, if you a jerk and somebody, you give somebody money, now they become an asshole. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Don't you? Yes, sir. If you, if you got a problem, if you got a eating problem, just like people that have a problem controlling their weight in college, well, ain't nobody got no damn money. Imagine if I give you money and you can go eat what you want and eat whenever you want to eat it. Yeah. So money exacerbates already what you are.


Oh Yeah. See, I'm the same person. When I had no money, I would give, I got money. I still give. Same But power Man. Think about what it will do to a person and what a person would do to hold onto it. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's a scary thing. That's scary. Matter of fact, you know what else is scary? What that, When you love money so much, when individuals love so money so much, you know, they'll do anything to get it. Yeah. For sure. They'll do anything. 'cause they look at the end just justify the means.


Man. Listen, you heard Nicole Machiavelli the dark Prince says, look, if, and he paraphrasing here, he says, look, if I want, if I'm the prince and my, and my king, and my father is the king and the queen, yeah. It's okay to do something bad because the ends just, they're gonna die anyway. Yeah. All I did was speed up the process. Mm. That's what power, that's what money will force you. I mean, think about you, how many times you don't see all those stories that come on and the wife, they'll kill the husband for money or the or or the husband killed the wife. Yeah. Or a business partner. Done, done something. Yeah. That's what money will do. That's what power do. Every time I, I'll be broke.


Every time I'll be broke. I, I, I, I, I, I, I don't, I love what money allows me to do. Right. Because I don't really do a whole lot for myself. And just, I do love knowing that my, my family sleeps good at night. Yes, sir. I, I, I told, I say my sister, my brother, my mom, my kids, they don't, I mean, I was like, I'm the one that's up. Right. Y'all should sleep good. Yeah. Y'all should have Ambien in y'all system. What the hell are you guys worried about? Right. It's me that's staying up late at night, worried about today is everything. What's supposed to be, how is this going? Okay.


What's going on with Sheha Media? Okay. What's going on with Club Sheha? What's going on with Nightcap? What's going on with other pods that I got going on is everybody, you try to, you try to appease everybody. Right. You try to make things right. You don't try to give anybody any more than the other. I say, that's my job. My job is to worry. That's not your job. Right. But nah, Ocho it's, I I, I've always, I've always like been in situations. Like I said, I've been a damn good purse player, but I've been a lot better person longer than I've been a good player. Yeah. And, if you can mix those two together, you got, you got something special? Yes. Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino.


Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new game releases each week, play for free anytime, anywhere for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Oh, hey, we are invited to the Johnson Summer Pool party this Saturday. I said we'd bring our famous potato salad Oh Saturday. But that's when the blinds guys come in to give us a quote. Those appointments take forever. Oh yeah.


I meant to tell you. I already found everything we need@blinds.com. They're totally online so we don't have to wait around all day. Just to get a quote, I talked to a blinds.com designer and they're sending us free samples Oh Blinds.com. I've heard of them. Yeah. They've been around for over 25 years. But not everyone knows. They can also handle the measuring and installation for a fraction of what the other guys charge. Plus they have a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Well, blinds.com sounds like a no-brainer. Guess I'll cancel Already done that gives you time to make the potato salad. Yes, dear Shop blinds.com. Now for summer savings up to 40% off Sitewide up to 40% off@blinds.com.


blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply. Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to Deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Stouffer's, Prego, Progresso, Sargento, and Hidden Valley for easy prep dinners. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection.


Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four, six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


You won't be disappointed. Summer is supposed to be an opportunity to slow down, but when you look at your kids, you can't help but notice that your kids are growing up fast. Help them build independence as they grow with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where parents can keep an eye on kids' money habits while kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely. It's the easy, convenient way to raise financially. Smart kids. Get your first month free when you sign up at greenlight.com/iheart. Quincy Wilson will be making history at the 2024 Paris Olympics.


The 16-year-old will participate as part of the 400, the four by four meter relay, becoming the youngest American male to part to participate in an Olympic track and field event. Wilson will lead off the US relay Friday Wilson trip to Paris. Started off after he secured a time of 45 19 at the Flo. Hold on. Oh, he, he got, okay. He ran 45 19 at the Florida Relay. Right. Earning an automatic bid to the, the, the trials. While he was unable to qualify during the individual race, he was still added to the pool because he broke the under 18 world record. And before he got there, he ran another race. He ran 44 20. So he's low 44.


And so he deserved, he deserved to get an opportunity. It'd be so cool for him. Like I said, Michael Norman's not running nowhere near that team. No, Ain't no way. No. Hell no. Wait a minute. First of all, go ahead. Did You just say, how old is Quincy Wilson? 16. He's sophomore in high school. Oh, you man, you playing. Oh, he's 16. Quincy Wilson slugged up just one to 400. Fourth place come around. The curve is 16. No, that's Quincy Hall. Oh boy. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay, okay. Okay. Man, don't, man, don't scare me like that, man.


Man, why Quincy? Quincy Hall. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I got, I got Cy, I got my hall and Wilson mixed up. I'm finna say what? Yeah. Quincy, Quincy Wilson. No, rod Benjamin's gonna run Anchor. Okay. Quincy Hall should probably, Quincy Hall probably should run second leg. Okay. Okay. Okay. And I would, I would use, I would use Christopher Bailey as the third leg. Right. And even if I don't let the young, the young Bull, if I don't let Quincy Wilson, if I don't let him run, that's gonna be between Vernon, nug, Norwood, and Deadman. Right. Those are gonna be the guys. Well, who, Your first Leg that I leave. Oh, you could, you Quincy Wilson's gonna lead off. This is the, to advance to the finals. Okay.


In the finals, I would use Deadman or I would lose use Vernon Norwood. Okay. Both of those guys are in the pool. Both of those guys on the mixed relay, they both ran mid 44. Vernon Norwood is normally, he normally does a great job. He's been on a gold medal winning team before. Right, right, right. So is Deadman. But I would, I would definitely use, I definitely would use one of those guys. Bailey, he ran Gooden in the, in, in the finals. Right. But Rod's gonna run Anchor Quincy Hall's probably run second leg. But if, if, if, if, if the young, if the young fellow run, if the young fellow can go sub, say he goes sub, let's just say he goes sub, let's say he runs 44 4.


Right. I wouldn't be afraid, afraid to put him in the finals at leading. Lead it off. You Know, you know, I think about, I don't, I don't like the fact, obviously I know Brother Norman didn't run well, but then I'm thinking about where his confidence is right now. Especially when it comes to track. I think about your confidence as, as a receiver. When you drop a ball and you, and, and you want those next four or five plays, at some point you want your coach to still have the trust in. You still want your quarterback to have the trust in you to throw you that ball again, to get your confidence back. Do you think for the semis or for qualifying, you think they put Norman on just to get his confidence back? Just so he's feeling a little better about himself? I can't, you can't give You no confidence on performance for the 400. You don't think So? I can't give, I can't give you no confidence O Joe. Because all I know is in big meats.


You, you, you, you blow, you blow a gasket every time. We o Joe, you wrote it down yesterday. We what? We repeatedly, we saw this in Tokyo. We saw this at the World championship. Damn. We saw this at this Olympics. Right. At least at this Olympics. He made the finals. The last one. I don't even think he made the finals. And if he did, he, he, he bombed again. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm, I I'm, I'm thinking, I'm thinking, I'm thinking about it from, as a competitor, you know, to always get there and to have a showing like you did yesterday. And do the coaches think about that and wanting to help him get his confidence back because you know, when you got your confidence, you could damn, you could damn near do anything.


I understand In the past, every time he was supposed to show up in the, and when show up, when it counts and when it matters most, he hasn't been able to do so. So his confidence has to be shot. It has to be shot, you know, at this point. Especially after the yesterday shot. Well, but How, how, how, how do I give you ultra that's in you. Yeah. I can believe in you. But do you believe in yourself? I mean, at, at, at, at this point he might be down in the dumps. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just, okay. And this is coming from someone that is a competitor, just not in track. I just know that feeling of, of of dropping something big and dropping something important. And this is, this is 10 times more than football. Like you representing your country, you got billions.


I've been there watching. I've been there. You got billions eyes with, with they eyes on you. So I know that feeling is 10 times worse. Ocho I've been there. I dropped a touchdown pass that would've given us home field throughout the event. The home field throughout the playoffs. In 91. Yeah. In the south stands. Yeah. I called my brother crying. Yeah. He asked me, he said, what you crying for? He said, you him. That's what he need. That's what, that's what Brother Norman need right there. I tell you what I said, if I ever get back in that situation again, I said, Lord, all I ask. And I didn't know six years, it took six years for me to get back in that situation again. Yes. A FC championship game.


Third and eight. Yeah. In, in three, all three rivers. You never played in three Rivers. It's, it's like on levers, it's bouncing. Right. It's going crazy. 24 21. If we don't get this first down, we losing because we had lost all momentum. Right. Gimme The ball. Gimme the ball. I know what John's going, everybody know. I don't know if they didn't know, but I know where John was going with the football. Right. Because I had been with him the longest. I had made the most plays for him. He was the one that always, Hey, I'm, I'm looking. Hey, I'm looking alright.


But see my, see everybody. But see everybody came. My brother was always, no matter what, I could hear it, my brother, when I was at, when I was in high school, Ocho, my brother would leave the University of South Carolina and come. I was, I was a mainly a field guy. A long jump, triple jump, discus my coach. You got it. He was coaching everybody else because I only wanted to hear what he had to say. Right. So he was like, okay, this is what we gonna do. You still got the long jump. You still gotta throw the disc this jump. Right. The first jump you need to end the competition Right away.


I know if I hit it on the first jump, I'm gonna be at least two and a half feet in front of everybody. Right. I ended on the first jump. 'cause I gotta save my legs. 'cause I still got a long jump. I still gotta throw the disc. Right. And I gotta run both relays. Mm. So I only got so much, I only got so much in my legs. O ocho. Right. I just need, I, Hey, hey. You over rotate. Take your time. Take your time. I remember we was in the region meet ocho I had scratched twice. Now I'm the reigning dis I'm the reigning a region champ in the disc. Right. I had just won the, the high point trophy for most points accumulated in the track meet in class eight.


Mm. Because I won the triple jump. I think I got like what, third or fourth in the long jump. I think I got like fifth in the, in the disc. So I, I'm down to my last row and I just went over there and I just, I just remember, I just remember, I just remember getting to my, getting to myself. Yeah. And all I could hear, I all in my head, all I could hear is say, Hey, my brother talking to me now. Mm. Go through what you say. We've been here before. You're made for this last throw wanted.


So, but I'm, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a big moment performer. Right. People like, well they call you Shaa. They call you Shaa in Baltimore. They call me big play Shaa because if you look at the year we went to the Super Bowl. Yeah. Every big play that we made in the playoffs, I made it. But his, his confidence ojo. But you gotta, you at the end of the day, it shot. I can tell Ocho you that guy, you that guy you the ocho you that ocho you that dog. Right. Right. Do you believe Ocho is that dog? Yeah. It don't matter what I say. Yeah. I was, I was a dog man. I wasn't no pit bull. I was a chihuahua, but I was a dog.


So, no. Yeah. But you, I I I know, I know it shot though. You know what I mean? Yeah. IIII know it is. I just ocho normally as the rounds progress, I, I could tell I saw him opened up. Yeah. With that 44 10. I said, okay. Yeah. And then he followed that up with 44 26. I'm like, nah, you heading the wrong direction. Right, right. Normally you, you, you, you, you gradually Right. Okay. You go from say 44 8 to 44 4 and now you ready bro. You don't go 44 10 and start going that way. Look at the guys that look at what Quincy Hall.


Look at his time. Look at what he opened with. Look at the semifinals. Look at the finals. Look at Matthew Hudson Smith. Look at what he opened with. Look at the semifinals. Look at what he finished with. Right. Look at Ani James. Look at ba. That's all I'm saying. Damn. But he ain't getting rid of r Ramsey. A US rugby bra medalist spoke on healthcare abroad. ocho, let's take a listen to what she had to say. All right. All right. Okay, y'all, so not only in the village do we have free food, but we have free dental, free healthcare. I literally just got a patch for free and I have a dentist appointment and I exam next week.


Like what? But it's the, it's the Olympics now. This is the Olympics. They have the best of everything at your disposal. Rightfully so. You think they got more money at there or in the us? Oh shit. In the us That's what she's bringing attention to. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. It ain't nothing gonna change. She can, she can, she can talk all she wanted. It's one thing, it's one thing you know about the US boy, we stubborn and don't care nothing about no protest and don't care nothing about what you stand for. We gonna do things our way. 'cause those that are in the position of power, if they wanted it free, it would be free.


They pick and choose what they wanna do. Now, The US country, we send the most athletes, we won the most medals and benefits over $70 billion in revenue from sports alone. It's sad that our athletes have to do a routine checkup overseas because it's unaffordable here. It is. I mean, healthcare is a, That ain't the only thing that not affordable. Hey, you talk about a guy a you talk about a guy that, that that employs people. So I know what healthcare costs. Oh yeah. And you talking about a guy, a guy that before my daughter's got jobs that they will own. And you know, you know what teenage, you know what girls cost. Yeah. 'cause what can girls, what can girls, what can girls give you kids?


Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. You ain't gotta tell me. You gotta gotta tell me. I got 37 them kids. I know, Man. I was like, man, please. I said I need to open and get me an insurance company and say, nah, we don't cover that. Because they don't, they don't cover ish. They ain't, Oh nah, we don't cover that. We'll cover the right eye, but we won't cover the left one. I love, damn. I need both of you to see. Damn. But it's, it's, it's, it's crazy. It's amazing. It's amazing. Oh, Chuck Ocho, check this out. Jerry Jones spoke about contracts, talked with CD Lamb and says, I don't have any urgency to get it done.


CD caught wind of this and had a very simple response. LOL that on the screen. Yeah. He said L-O-L-L-O-L. Jerry can't help himself. Candy. I, I, listen, I I said over and over and over. When, when it was time for days to get paid, same thing. When it's time for Zeke to get paid the same thing, are you really serious about winning? You need your best player outside of that in camp building that chemistry and that rapport to make sure when the season does start, you hit the ground running. But no, all the talk he's been doing, all I remember is Jerry saying, you know what, this year, this off season, I'm all in.


I haven't seen one sign of being all in, taking your team serious on wanting to reach the end goal of, you know, ending that 25 year Lombardi curse. I mean it is what it is. And I'm sure at this point, 20 25, 25, 30, 30. Yeah. Listen, I wouldn't be surprised, honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if maybe in a few days CD Lamb come out and say you want to be traded. I wouldn't be surprised. Especially when the owner, you don't, you don't say stuff like that. You don't do that. It's bad enough. You got the man waiting when there, it's, it's, it's clear as day.


The market is the market. The numbers of the numbers based on what he's done. If you don't wanna pay him, let him go. Right. All I know is that they said, I tell you, I know a guy didn't have to ever do that. Tony Romo ain't never had a whole contract did he? Nah. How many times Jason Whit played without a contract? Well, I don't get me started bro. I don't get me started. I don't know how Jerry think the price is gonna come down. See, you can see Dak is al. See Dak has always Heisman posed Jerry Jones. He's never cuddled up to it like Tony Romo did. Right. Or like Jason Wint did or like some of those other guys.


So even though he drafted and Jerry looked like at all of his, all of his players that Jerry draft. Right. He looks at 'em like his kids and for the most part they embrace it. Dak is really Dak, like Dak plays the Dak plays his role. Yeah. Very, very well. No Ex no extra shit. He ain't give you no Extra shit. Nothing. No. No. He ain't one of those guys. Yes sir. But you'll have to do, you ain't gotta pay that. Somebody else gonna pay him next year though. Oh Yeah. Most definitely. But what you gonna do with Micah? And that's what I wanna know. What you gonna do with Micah A guy that's, he's been an all pro, he's been defensive rookie of the year. He's always on the ballot for defensive player of the year.


The year. I just wanna know, I hope you think you gonna, I I really hope that you think you gonna give him like 25 million. It ain't happening bro. It ain't happening. Oh, he gonna be the highest paid defensive player. Oh yeah. Most definitely. I promise you that. Most Definitely. And he gonna get, he gonna get a hundred plus whatever Miles. Garrett a Joy boss. I don't know who that highest paid is right now, but it's about to be Michael Parson Wat In the next 14 months? Yeah, probably TJ Watt. I think TI don't know. It might be Miles Garrett. Okay. But Paid defensive player And boy and boy it is up there.


Somebody said in the chat, Michael Parsons will be a Eagle. He say he don't, he say he like the Steelers. He say he, he ain't big on me. And could you imagine, could you imagine Michael Parson and TJ White on opposite sides. Nick Boso. How much Nick got? What Nick got? Nick Boso is the highest paid. He Is Average 34 million a year. Oh shit. Nick Bosa is San Fran or San San Fran. Yeah. Joy is the Chargers the Charger. Okay, okay. Okay. God damn. Hey, CDA CD saw. CD saw what Justin Jefferson got. Yeah.


He saw what Tyreek got. Tyreek, Everybody, you know what Chase ain't practicing Job. A J. Brown. See you heard me? Cincinnati. Cincinnati say, Hey bro, we, we, we try to pay, we'll pay you next year. Say nah, Jamar, you still ain't practicing yet, huh? Nope. And boys ain't playing. Boy. Hey, nope. Listen, being able to separate the business side and the love for football is putting the owners in a, in a, in a, in a tough spot because them boys say they ain't playing until they get paid. But they standing on business about that too. Yeah. Well, I I, hey if, you know what, if I'm the, if I'm the player's association, right? When they come down to the talking about we go 18 games, right?


I say obviously we going, you know, we gonna want our cut, but we gonna get away. We gonna get away with these tags. No more franchise tags. Mm. That's a good one. That's a Good one. No more franchise tags. And what about if the 18 game, you think you could also leveraging guaranteed contracts or no, You get some, I mean, normally the first three years are guaranteed. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For the most part. And So that's why you that Hey, that's what I'm Oh, that's what I'm looking for. Yeah. I've tried to look, I'm trying to get 75, 80% of that contract guaranteed in The, So if I got a hundred million dollars contract, hey 10. You know, they tried, you know, they tried to back load that bitch. I don't give that one. Oh. So I mean I, that ain't got nothing to do.


You could back load it, but you gonna front load my, you gonna front load my bank account, you know, then you back, you, you back load that for camp purposes. Yeah, but you gonna front load my bank account. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. That first three years is all that matter. Oh, that's it. Because I already, I already know. But the problem that I have OCHO is that the problem that I have Yes, sir. Is that when you outperform the contract, you signed the contract. Right. When you underperform the contract, you didn't, right. That's, that's my only, that's my only problem. You know, I was never one to hold out, but if I got a bro, if I sign the, I signed the contract, the contract say five years.


Why, why, why, why are you releasing me? Because you ain't gonna reward me when I overperform. But you know, you know it's, and then you gonna talk about, we wanna restructure, but hold on, let me make sure I hear you correct. Excuse me. You want me to restructure the contract also? Right? And because I wasn't making the plays that I made when I got the contract, you want me to restructure it and then make the plays that I made when I got the contract. So you gonna gimme less money and want me to do more? Nope. Absolutely. Because just think about if you was at your job ocho, you cut, you know, you signed whatever deal you at your, you at your job and your job.


You're like, man, you know what? I think I'm gonna go work for Apple. I wanna go work for Microsoft. I'm go for this. Right? And Apple say, nah, you know what, we gonna put the tag on you. You gotta stay here and, and, and for one year or two years, take what we pay you. Even though Microsoft might have an extra 50,000, a hundred thousand, whatever the case may be. No Sir. Man, I say Bro Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Stofer, Prego, Progresso, Sargento, and Hidden Valley for easy prep dinners.


Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that in a perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking.


Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes Really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed, Dearest listener. Allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights, craft clothing. It embraces everybody's shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm Snag has triumphed.


Permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit snag tights us today. The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions.


Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com. Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joa wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com O Joe.


Now it's time for our last segment of the evening. And it's called Q and a Q And A. Honestly, how many players have you, Teddy Hart said, honestly, how many players have you seen in your life that plays basketball better than Kevin Durant? Remember, not a greatness list. Just better. He's no lower than 10 for me. I promise y'all, when y'all saw magic, when y'all saw Bird, right, when y'all saw Jordan, y'all saw Kobe. Y'all said saw Dunky. Y'all said the exact same thing, right? kds phenomenal.


I mean, they, they're, I mean, what can he do? Score three different levels. File him. Go make 90% of his free throws play off the Ball. He doesn't need the ball. He's highly efficient. What's he's, he's special. Okay. I mean, if you don't, if if that's your list and you don't have him no lower than 10 Right. I'm not gonna fight you. He is. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was great today, but he had to be, and b was great today, Steph Curry was magnificent.


Today. LeBron was LeBron. Yeah. Steph Curry was out there, there acting like he, Steph Curry was out there acting like he a 2K player. Green man. Look, it was in the green every time that first quarter. That's, that's what, that's why Steph is Steph. Who, who's surprised by Steph doing that. We've seen him At some point Y 20, 30 threes in a row. Yeah. At some point he was gonna have a game like this at some point. He was gonna be the step we're used to seeing in the regular season and just get hot. Ali pulled up from the damn logo too and almost hit that. Yeah. Golf brother one said the win saved curve from being the story Tatum six 10 long, one of the top three shooters, perfect weapon and Euro ball.


Nightcap always winning bro. For whatever reason, Tatum just hasn't seen like himself. Mm. He just hasn't. Yeah. Maybe it's, I mean, he needs to ball. He's not an off the ball player. None of, if you think about it, Ocho, think about what you're asking. You're asking all these guys that's used to having the ball as much as they like Right. To say, you know what? We want you to suppress a lot of who and what you are. Oh yeah. Difficult.


Difficult. I mean, when you really look at it, I mean, Steph runs around off a thousand picks. He's in tremendous, he's in tremendous shape. Yeah. KD does that. But Embiid beat the ball. Yeah. Book. Once they lost CP three, they put the ball in book hand. He was the point. Right. Most of these guys need the ball. You need guys that can play without the ball. That's why you got a Derrick White. Because guess what, Derrick White has never been the guy. He's always played without the ball. Right. True holiday. He's always been without the ball. Even Halliburton, Halliburton like, yet.


But man, please, I'm happy to be over here. I'm about to get a, I'm about to get a gold medal, right? Yeah, sure. But he's like, who's he gonna play in front of LeBron stiff KD book and B No. I mean, I mean, who's he gonna play? I mean, he, he, he was always gonna be the 12th guy, no matter how you slice it. I don't think, we just didn't think Jason Tatum was gonna be the 11th guy. Right. I think I, I think you and I could agree on that. I think the people in the chat can be on that. We always knew Halliburton was gonna be the 12th guy. We just didn't anticipate Jason Tatum being the 11th guy.


Right. We thought, okay, 11th guy, oh, that's gonna be Derrick White. And then it goes on accordingly. But we, you know, we, we had an idea. The the the, the three guys, the guy that took the iconic photo, like Bird Magic and Jordan was who? LeBron. Katie Stem. Yeah. So that's crazy. Damn Lainey Ray said, Hey guys, haven't heard y'all talk about the US women's indoor volleyball team. They just giving them the flowers. They beat Brazil. They did, did they beat Brazil Today? Watch the game. And. we were gonna the gold medal match against Italy Gold Team. USA. Yes. I watched it Is. I think Kar Is Raz still their coach? I dunno. He might coach the men's not, I used to follow that a lot.


A lot. When they had Logan Tom, they had Destiny Hooker back in 12, 2008, 2012. I used to follow, I used to follow the women's game a lot. I I catch occasionally with the men ocho, you talking about some Verts? Oh yeah. But a boy could jump now what boys could jump? Boy they, hey the net nine foot tall and they have this over the net. Yeah, They could jump. Oh yeah. But yeah, the women, congratulations to the women. I used to work at Dane Blaton. He's a beach beach volleyball coach. He's covering the beach volleyball aspect of it. He was a great beach volleyball player. I'm trying to think.


He won the beach title back in 96 in Atlanta. I forget who his partner was Johnson Johnson. I forget who his partner was, but I, I I, I used see him all the time at the gym. Mm. I think the, the last time we won Beach Golden Men was probably Phil Dollhouse. Oh, You beat Boy. That might've been, Boy, you be knowing these names, bro. What year was that? I had to think off the top of my head. Ocho 20, was it Beijing? Was it Beijing or London?


Actually had to take a call. But yeah, the women, I mean, I, I, I love, I mean, I, I, you know, hey, you know back in the day when, you know when your boy was hell with, he was, well, you know Yeah. Had no volleyball player, you know what I'm saying? On Cho, you know, she about five 10, Woo. 5, 10, 5 10. She probably about one 60 Woo. Stack, like dirty laundry in a dorm room. Boy, You let that get away. Oh, Man. You know me, Ocho, sometimes your eyes be bigger than your stomach. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It it, it happened to the best of us There. You did. It Happens to the best of us. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Hell yeah. Like a, you know what I'm saying? Don't you know, that's why I stay in shape. Yeah. Because, you know, they like to be carried. They like to be carried. Yeah. And you know, they see your boy with a hundred and thirty two, a hundred thirty pounds in each hand. Yeah. That's two 60. Yeah. All the ones that go get on the scale in the morning, they're like, oh, sh he 'em dumbbells, he can carry me there. And you're absolutely correct there. It's, you have, you're thinking your Macy's Day balloon. I have you up in there Like the same day, like the Thanksgiving day parade. Yeah. Man, man, please. Woo. Yeah, man, you got, you got, you gotta stay strong, don't you? Yeah, I Know. I'm, I'm, I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm, I mean, that, that's what, that's re trying to tell you, Ocho.


You need to get back in the jail. Listen. No, no, I'm, I'm good now. Listen, re touch. How many, how many corners in the room? How many corner, how many corners in the room? Both. And she hit every last one of 'em. Every A she touch every corner in the room ain't got time to play. Yas be on the goddamn ceiling fan playing with me. That, That what I'm saying. See, That's Why, That's why she ain't when well, when she was out there drunk that night. Yeah. Why you think I was so mad? Don't play with me like that man. Don't play with me. Don't, don't hit me. Talk about what? You ready and got me man. You supposed to be, you know what, Ocho boy, you supposed to have a bed on them diamonds.


And when she walked in the door, you butt naked. And she's supposed to say what y'all two doing up, you know what I'm saying? Ocho, that's how you supposed that better right in the door. That's how you supposed to better Ocho. I know, I know. One thing, she outta town right now. She get back tomorrow. I ain't trying, I ain't, man, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm a peep Now you, you got, you got one more? You got, she got two more strikes. That's one. She, that, that, that liquor incident. That was one. Now you come home playing around tomorrow. That's gonna be two. Now if you, you three ya's gonna be on the couch. The couch. How long she been outta town? Don't yo, She with the kids. They, they in Tampa.


She but ain't even outta town. She down the street For every day. You out town. That's the day you gotta get it in. So if you out town for two weeks straight. Yeah. You gotta get it in two weeks straight. Now, now, now we talking, now we talking now we now we, now we talking now. You know, I'm, I'm fertile now. I can't, I can't just be, you know, I can't be moving like that. 'cause you know, she Think she's ain't got nothing to do with that ain't got nothing to do with me. Yeah, I know it ain't got nothing to do with you. But she thinks she's slick. You know she trying. That's What I'm saying. She's trying to get, she's trying to get one up out of me now. I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm done. I, I'm, I'm, I'm done. Hey, I be, pretend I'll pretend. Hey, they come in late. Don't yo, I'll pretend like I'm asleep. Hey, you know they ocho soon as they snuggle in. Yeah.


I done nothing to do. You ain't tired? No, I been resting. I've been asleep. I'm good. I'm Good. Yeah. I get, I'm good. When you left, when you left the house at 10 o'clock? I slept till 12. Knowing you was gonna come in at one. I'm good. Hey, hell no. Mm, No man. Damn. We, we outta question And everybody laughing. What they laughing at In the chat? Why y'all laughing? What I do? They say you need to go get snipped, don't you?


Ooh, shoot. I trash. She told me no. She told me if I did that she was gonna leave me. Yeah. I say I can't what you call La Mocho? I can't. They mess around and mess up something and man, please. Oh yeah. I ain't, I ain't playing with that. I ain't playing with that. God, God. Mm. Uhuh nigga. You, you new to your dog. You, you spay your dog? Me? Yeah. Nah, I ain't got nothing to do with that. Yeah. I'm telling I'm gonna get me something nigga. I'm gonna get me something. I'm gonna call it knock fire because I'm gonna knock fire from them. You know what I'm saying? I, I knock fire pill. Right. That's that knock fire. Yeah, man, why they call it knock fire? Because boy you knocked fire.


Yeah, man. No, y'all ain't get us. But you need go and do you, you didn't go and do that? No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't play like that. I don't play, I don't, I don't play like that. Oh, okay. I don't, I don't mess with God's blessings, man. No. Now Ocho, ocho, hold on. They say with five five we don't dis we don't discriminate. We, we just saying, I mean, I mean, Ocho ocho can't ocho back when he, before he got real, he can't be scooping up no 200 pounder. Who? 2230. But I only dated BB Ws before re what you talking about? You ain't doing nothing. Stop playing with me, man.


What up? What you on, boy? What you on? Yeah. I ain't, I, you know, I don't wanna get in trouble. I don't wanna get myself in trouble. Talk about the past. I don't wanna get in trouble, but man, I don't play. I right now want you right now. I'm two 50. I take anything 15 to 20 pounds under me. Man. They, they in your DM Shouldn't be no. Two, five, anything. 15 to 20 under me. You good to go? It's damn, it's, I need they in. I know I listen. Five two. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Five two, boy, that's a little pepper Spin.


You know what I'm saying? That's A little, that's a little bell pepper. Now. Five two. Hey, hey, when you, for the country, you know, you throw sed over your shoulder, right? Yeah, yeah, man. Okay. Okay. Well you said 5 2, 2 30. Boy, that's a bell. That's bell pepper. Five five foot 105. Okay. To six two. 6 3 2 40. Okay. Two 40. Yeah. Oh, got old man, you gotta expand the boy. I, I know. And you know, hey, in my twenties to 30, well, I like, Hey, you, you gotta be that old man. Yeah, you right. Listen, you, you not old. Don't, don't, don't do that. Old is when you can't, when you can't do for yourself, you know, when you, I don't do for myself.


When you born and they had to wipe you and they had to do, that's when you, when that, when you hit that stage again for the second time. Oh nah. I just long Hey, Uhuh, I ain't no long hey, long with the cover. You know what I'm saying? I pitch a tent, you know what I'm saying? Don't I a going on in the morning? You good? There it is. There It is. And I, the question I'm asking why, why, why is it like that? You, I'm saying you, I'm, Hey, thank you for joining me for another episode of Nightcap.


We want to give a special thanks to Gabby Thomas. Gabby, we really, really appreciate you taking time outta your busy schedule. I know our subscribers, our audience viewing and listening audience greatly, gratefully appreciate, ah, man, your unbelievable, your personality, your charm. And congratulations on winning the, the 200, the gold medal and the 200 medal meters. Please make sure y'all hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. Make sure you check out my Shaa by La Poitier. We have it in stock. No long waits. Thank you. If it's not, if it's not in an area that, that get that, that has it in stores, hopefully we can ship it to the state that you're in.


Please go follow my media company page or all platform she Shea Media and my clothing company 84, that's 84 spelled out the link is pinned at the top of the chat. US down Serbia and a thriller will face France in the gold medal game. They were down by as many as 17 trail by 13 in the fourth quarter. But great performances by Steph Curry, LeBron James, Joel Embi and Kevin Durant lead the Americans back. They win 95 91 in a thriller and they will face France in the gold medal round. Sidney mcg McLaughlin Veroni wins the 400 meter hurdles in world record time, 50.37.


It's the six times she's broken the world record. So now she's a two time Olympic champ at 400 meters hurdles. She's a three time world champ and she owns the world record. Only Glen Davis won consecutive goals and the hurdles in 56 and 60. Edwin Moses won in 76 and 84, but because they boycotted the Olympics in 1980, Anna Ro, congratulations to you. The USC, she, well, she went through USC, she's no longer there. She's a professional now. She won the silver medal in her PR at the time of 51 87. Grant Holloway. Finally, he is an Olympic champ at 110 meter hurdles.


Oh yeah, 12.99. He's a three time world champ. He finally wins the long, that coveted gold medal that had long alluded in, but he won today. Daniel Roberts American took the silver medal. Li lele de bogo de Bogo wins the gold medal in the 200 meters with a title of 1946. Katie Bonner wins the silver No Allows Wins the wins the bronze. It was reported and confirmed NBC. And I think the BBC confirmed that he was diagnosed with Covid on Tuesday.


He's been dealing with that, so he had to fight through. But that's what I'm saying comes down to moments, happens all the time in in sports. Again, thank Gabby Thomas for the interview. Thank you guys for watching. We're back tomorrow. Same time. Thank you guys for joining us and Ochoa out Manana the Volume Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Stofer, Prego, Progresso, Sargento, and Hidden Valley for easy prep dinners.


Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


That's visit myrtle beach.com. With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's After learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile. From ha ha to who? To Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm.


The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com. If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh, new dining experiences, outdoor adventures, and Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando.


Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com.