
These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen Report,


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create. Because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with the yoga Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial, results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are With all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Very Good. Travis Kelsey. Plans to play next season. Kelsey Tex, pat McAfee. I'm coming back for sure. Gonna try to get back to the best shape I've ever been this off season and get back to the mountaintop. Got a real bad taste in my mouth with how I played in the last game and how I got got how I got the guys ready for battle and I can't go out like that. I told you. Huh? I said it wouldn't happened. He was coming back simply for the fact, the way it ended. No one is ending their career like that. You know, especially a great one like Trap, who's considered who most consider including yourself, You know, the greatest tight end of of all time. Yeah. If I'm gonna finish it, I wanna finish it the right way.


Yeah. I'm not finishing it with that taste in my mouth. That's not happening. Yeah. For me it's him. It's hearing gr and You know people, some people will say grunt, some people gonna say Kelsey. Yeah. But if you look at the consistency and the longevity in which he's played with and with the exception of the last game, that's really the only game that you can say, well, Trav didn't have it. Trav didn't come to play. Right. He had the sec, he had the, the most catches in playoff history. He has the second most yards, the second most touchdowns. Yeah. And the consistency year in and year out the thousand yards. Even leading this team in receptions. Yeah. For me, that's it for me. But a if you, you say, if you say Gru, you got a very compelling argument as well. Ocho The Eagles are reportedly a real threat to go after Miles.


Garrett, they expect Josh sweat to move on. Josh Sweat is not gonna, the only one that's be moving on, Mike, I think it's Michael Mikel Williams. Williams, the other d Tackle, he gonna be going too, he'll be going to, Hey. Oh hey listen, I, I saw, I saw the reports today. The Browns are willing to negotiate with Miles Garrett. I Don't want contract extension. I don't that guess what my new team gonna negotiate too. Hey? And he said no. He said no. And I'm sure they're probably gonna stand firm unless they get an offer that they can't refuse. And I think that's what the Eagles will have to do in order to get Miles Garrett over there. Listen. With with Howie. With Howie and, and, and, and I don't Put a passer And I don't put nothing past him based on the way things have been going.


You might, you, you miss a few pieces, but you add someone like Miles Garrett to that defense man, You know The commander, commander Gonna be, you already got Jayden. You already got Jayden Carter Commander's, commander's gonna be in play too. Man. Miles Garrett is unwilling to negotiate a contract extension with the organization as his agent have apparently slammed the door shut on any discussions per Mary Kay Cabot. Yeah. Listen, when Mary Kay Cabot speaks about the Browns, listen, when Diana Rossini, when she speaks about the Jets, right? And Jane Slater speaks about the Cowboys. I hope you listening. Yeah. I hope you're listening.


When those young, when those women speak about an issue about said teams, they're plugged in. Yeah. I'm, I'm I'm talking about plugged in like a hot comb. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Garrett remains firm. He no longer wants to be in Cleveland. Look, 29-year-old defensive player of the year, 29-year-old guys that have four consecutive 14 sack seasons. Those guys don't grow on trees. And lemme ask you this, do you think there's a guy in the draft that can give you that kind of production over the next five years? Okay. So it doesn't matter where you are. I trade him now if I'm, if I'm a defense, You know, if I need some something to shore up my defense, Finn said, we good offensively we can get better defensively.


And if that means, You know, we trade a couple of first ride draft picks, you're probably gonna have to throw in a talent, a young player or show. You're probably gonna have to do that. The commanders, you're probably gonna have to do that. But at that point in time, look, I don't care nothing about them picks because I believe ocho we're gonna be picking 30th 31st or 32nd anyway because we gonna be in the, the championship game or the Super Bowl. That's what I believe. One another. I know for certain I'm not getting a Miles Garrett with the 30th, the 31st or the 32nd pick. I could, I could, but the likelihood isn't that good. Normally those guys, your Derrick Thomas and your Bruce Smith and so forth and so on like that, those guys, every once in a while you'll find a Johnny Randall that was an undrafted free agent.


Oh yeah. But that doesn't happen often. Right? You'll find a diamond in the rough, you'll find a Terrell Davis or Shannon Sharpe or Tom Brady in the later rounds. But more listen, don't you stake your career on trying to find diamonds in the rough Oh no. That that ain't work. You go belly up. You go belly up. But look, it all depends on Cleveland. What's your asking price? We know this ocho it's gonna take two ones. Now you gonna, if it's this draft, you're gonna have to pick swap. So you have to, hey, you gonna have to give up your pick because they keep it theirs. You have to give up this first year pick and next year's first round pick probably a second and a fourth.


Right? Or second and a third. And probably a player Phil. It like, we ain't got no problem Phil. It say look, we picking 32nd. Guess what? We hope to, we be picking 32nd next year. And y'all can have it. Y'all can have the picks. Yep. Most definitely. Long. As long as we getting the results. Long as we get miles, Garrett. That's What, what's Jayla Hertz in year six? You got Devonte in year in year five, you got aj. Yo man, bro, I'm not worried about that. We gonna be good. Yeah, I'm not even, I'm not even, I'm not even concerned about those draft picks knowing where we are.


What we have, who we are. Take 'em, take 'em. You can't, you can't have Jalen Carter. You can't have Mikel Quin, Maha. You can't have him Mitchell. Excuse Me. Yeah, Kenon Mitchell. You can't have him. Everything else Ocho is in Play. Is is on the table, huh? Yeah. Yeah. For Miles, Gary. Yeah, You just said put Miles Garrett with Jalen Carter And Jordan Davis.


Boy man, slap me, slap me and slap me and called me silly. And, and and you got the Nolan Smith Jr. Yeah. Yo, hey young fella. Only two 30, but he, Hey, He could go man. I, Hey babe, we here. Hey, I, I heard, I saw him dropping offensive lineman. Yeah. Yeah. And two 30, he hitting three 30 guys. Three 30. I know they talking about it felt like trees falling on the head. Oh. So I'm talking about he in the grill. I'm talking about, hey, he putting his helmet under, they, they chin, I'm buckling him at two 30.


So Yeah, but Miles for an opportunity to get miles. Garrett, guys like this Ocho don't become available at the age of 29. Yeah. Normally they have issues off the field. Issues. They're coming off multiple injuries. Injuries. Yeah. He's Uninjured, he's clean off the field. Yeah. That's the kinda guy that you're willing, that's the guy that's not No rolling the dice. But that's the guy that you says, okay, we'll give up two first rounds. We'll give up a second. We'll give up a third. And a young talented player to get a guy like that. Yeah, absolutely. Lemme grab a water. Lemme grab a water, huh? Go ahead.


But Cleveland's gonna try everything Chad, to try to keep, keep Miles, Garrett, they think it's about money Miles. Garrett's like, bro, y'all just gave me a 1 25. I'm straight on the money issue. The problem is here it is not the money, it's the winning. I got money, I'm getting money, but I'm miserable. Week five, we outta playoff contentions, we got no hope, we got no quarterback and I don't really wanna waste another one a year or two to try to, to build this thing back up. He's made it abundantly clear. He don't wanna be a part of a rebuilding process. He wants to go somewhere that gives him a legitimate chance in order to win a championship. 'cause that's what it's about. He's been an all pro, he's been defensive player of the year. Now he is like, man, let me get, let me, let me, let me get, let me go play meaningful ball games.


There's nothing like playing meaningful ball games in December and January with a chance to play in February. So it's not the money. I mean, yeah, they going, they would be willing to make him the highest paid, but he gonna be miserable because they're not gonna win. Yeah. And you, you would, you would think for all he's done so far in Cleveland, he's done everything he can. They know the team knows the, the organization knows it's in a rebuilding stage. Why would you keep a player like that? Why would you go keep a player like that knowing that he can do you no justice in competing for a championship. Allow him to go while you rebuild and do your thing. Get some assets and picks for him and start over.


I agree. I we say that now Ocho because we don't, Hey, if we the GM in Cleveland, we ain't trying to let him go either. Oh yeah, yeah. You right, you right. And me, me and you, me and you said that, that that's not I, that's not the biggest piece of the puzzle that we got that we can trade. Right. And nah. Hey come on Miles. Hey bro, we gonna make you the highest paid. We got 35 million per year. We are willing to give you five years, $175 million because that's what we feel you're worth. And we're willing to g we are willing to fully guarantee a a a hundred million of that. Nah, I think I'm gonna have to go mosey on out the door. 'cause guess what? Somebody else will gimme that too.


And we got a chance to win. Yep. Which is much better 'cause I done got enough money. Well you can't ever have enough money. Oh yeah, I Know what you mean. Isn't that no such thing as enough? But I'm doing pretty well for myself. You'd like to be doing better. I mean if Elon Musk worth 450 billion and he trying to still trying to get contracts, federal government contracts. Yeah, me and you, we ain't got no billions. Right. So we definitely, we definitely tried to make ends meet you Right by there. But yeah, miles, I understand once you can own the stomach so much and You know, but money, money, money, money. Okay.


When I got money and then here I am, I'm going out there what I put my body through to get ready to make sure I go, who is that? That quite, who is that? Where'd you looking at? Oh, I'm looking at this, this chat We trying to get, trying to get Tank plugged in. Are we good to go Ash yet? Oh, okay. It's easy to say Ocho money, money, money. But when you competitive and you see everybody else getting an opportunity to play meaningful football, you see everybody else playing the A FC and NFC championship game. They played in Super Bowl and here I am, I'm one of the premier players.


I don't know what else he can do. And we don't have no chance. We, we got no chance whatsoever of playing meaningful games in December. We're not playing anything meaningful in January. My see damn near week 10, I'm already thinking about what I'm gonna do in the off season o' show season over. So with that being said, I un I understand Miles's frustration. He's had it up to here, wherever here he is or his 6 4 6 5 self, he just wants to move on and have an opportunity to play medium football in December in January. And I'm not so sure Cleveland can provide that over the next two years. And he says I wanna be somewhere where I can compete for a championship and I don't believe that's in Cleveland.


Yeah. Let the man go on by this business baby. He still waiting. He he come on. Right that down he come on down the street, You know, to Cincinnati if you want to.


This is Ashley Ginetti from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones These days. Those are Ozempic and Semaglutide. And with Future Health you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years and no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Future health is not your healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may be very sponsored by Future Health.


Everything Is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchasing and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Ban Corp. Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Clorox Sand Diva smells like lavender, cleans like Clorox and feels like Hmm, right, that could go on for a while. Experience the long lasting freshness of Clorox tiva now available in Clorox. Tiva Lavender centered bleach uses directed


During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft when up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss if your identity is stolen. LifeLock's US-based restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back. Don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off Terms apply.


Many think that Ben Johnson, the former, our offensive coordinator Yeah. For the Detroit Lions took an unnecessary shot at Jerry Goff earlier. Okay, let's take a listen to the sound down Outer structure. The off schedule, the creation. That's, that's what stands out the most because that's really the way that this league's going right now. It seems like as much as you wanna make it pure progression one to two to three, there's just too much variety. The past rushes coming down. And to have an athlete like Caleb extend the play and potentially find an explosive down the field. That's what, that's what gets me going a little bit. I I get excited thinking about that because I haven't really been around that since I've been in the, in, in the league.


But I've seen, I've been on the other side and I've experienced and it's demoralizing when you're on the other side and you're watching that happen to your defense, That Ain't no shot. Yeah, I don't I don't think it's a shot. I don't think it's shot it's truth obviously. Listen, listen. No, I don't. You think it is? No, it's the truth. Caleb Williams can make off script that plays. Oh, oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Listen, there's a, there's a handful of quarterbacks in the NFL that can't do that. And the fact that Ben Johnson's never been around a quarterback that can extend plays and play off script. Most of the time when things break down, you go through progression. 1, 2, 3 is not there. Most quarterbacks, that's a sack for Jerry Golf. Yes. You know, he's not a mobile quarterback. He the, he's, he's your pro typical, he your prototypical Quarterback.


Go through his stuff, check down. If it's not there, Caleb Williams can extend plays and therefore make the play calling that much more better for Ben Johnson who's already creative. Yes. So he can be able to do that much more. Look at how good golf was with Ben Johnson calling the plays. So imagine what he can do with K Williams with the creativity from that aspect. And if things don't work out well You know what? I ain't got the trip because I got K Williams who's the dual threat and could use his legs and extend plays for me and make something happen when there's nothing there. But that's the, and that's the thing. He was asked a question, he says he is looking forward to playing up with a guy that can make plays off script. Right. Ain't nothing wrong with that.


And he can, that's what Caleb Williams can do. He can make plays off script. You know, you basically, when you diagram the play, that's the play that's gotta get run because that's not what Jerry Garfield and that's okay. That's okay. There's nothing wrong with that. They make it seem like, well, damn. So what are the differences? So anybody that think he's taking a shot at, at at, at Jared, if you watch Jerry Golf play and you watch Kalee Williams play, what do you think some of the differences are? Ability to make plays outside the pocket. His scrambling ability, his ability to get off script, ability to change arm angles, arm slots, You know, what's the difference between what's you, what's, what's one of the main differences is between Saquon and, and Derrick Henry Saquon's a little bit more shifty, little bit more elusive.


What you call runs with a little bit more power. That's not taking a shot at either one of 'em. That's just factual. What's the difference between McCaffrey and this one? When McCaffrey is, You know, you can put him in the slot. You line him up outside, better catch the ball outta the back field. A lot of times they took Derrick Henry out a lot of times they took se out on third down. Right. They don't take cmac out on third down. So that's not a knock. We gotta just because you're accentuating the differences that don't mean you're, you're hating or you're knocking the other guy. You're just accentuating the differences between two said players. Right.


I mean, but You know how it is Ocho man, you, hey now everybody feel like you taking a shot at the man. I don't think the man was taking a shot at. Listen, You, a coach like that has to be able to explain the differences and would he experience one place and what he's gonna experience at a new place based on that specific position without it being seen in disrespect. Yeah. 'cause it's the honor, it's the honest truth. Right. Ocho he also said he was sacrificed both testicles for the Bears to win a Super Bowl. I already got three kids. What would you sacrifice? I, first of all, if you get rid of you, you, you ain't gonna get no, you ain't gonna get no wood. Yeah, well, well you can get some wood.


You don't need a testicles to get No, no, no, no. Yeah, you do hoohaw. So how you going to get, how you gonna get put a Popsicle stick up there and hold it like you got a splint? How you gonna get an erection? Oh, you take, you take, You know, you could take out, you could take out what allows you to have kids do that. So, so no, he said he having testicles removed. He ain't say nothing about no vasectomy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I I I don't know about that. I don't know about that. 'cause yeah, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, Hey, I don't care about no trouble. Hey, hey, I got kids. I'm keeping in mind he gave 'em to me for a reason. Yeah. Yeah he did. Yeah, He did. He ain't want me to have, he wouldn't have gave 'em to me. You, You right. Listen, you right about that. I'm with you when you're right. Now listen, I'm picking up what you're putting down.


Speaking of kids, I want one more. What you think? Huh? I want one more. Oh, I don't know Ocho. I ain't got no brand. Hey you about, hey, well damn, I need to go back to ESPN because you, you, you talking about another kid, they cost money. I ain't got no brand like that. Nah, I'm, I'm just saying. But listen, I'm, I'm, listen, I'm not trying to be funny. I'm, I've always been humble. You know, I'm a very humble person. I'm very, very respectful. I mean, just with the way things are going. Right, right, right now, unc man, listen, God has favor. You hear me? Yes. God has favor and, and and, and what he's doing for me right now. I think, I think, I think one more won't hurt. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna see how, I'm gonna see how, how my kids feel about it.


And if they, if they gimme the green light, I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and do that. Just get it out. Get it, get it out the way. No. Wait, you talking to me? Are you saying no, nobody Else? Oh no, absolutely not. Jordan, are you typing this? Oh no, that ain't happening. What happened? No ton sending me something. I wanna know too. Somebody text me. Why y'all don't never text me? I wanna be Paul too. It's a two man show. You got your producer. Do you got a producer over there? Okay, Aaron text me.


What, what they just text? Oh no, I just wanna feel, I I wanna feel part Y'all be leaving me out like I'm a stepchild. Okay, how about this here? Bill's head coach Sean McDermott says tush push play should be banned. There's always been the been injury risk with that play. The technique used with the play have been potentially contrary to the health and safety of the players. Bill used to play 50 ti 55 times last year. Second most in the league. But internal data shows the tush push play in 2024 resulted in zero injuries. Zero injuries. And listen, they don't wanna, they don't wanna stop it because of the injury. They don't wanna stop it because that aspect, they wanna stop the touch force because they have no way of stopping it and show you all the situations.


Right. And, and really honestly, it only works for certain teams with certain players based on their personnel. For one, the Eagles is Number one. I don't have the statistics in front of me on who else it works for. I think it also worked for Josh Allen too. Yeah, I think they around 87, 80 8% conversion rate. Oh my goodness. Listen, I'd I'd wanna stop it too. But the fact that McDermot wants to stop it and he also benefits from it, You know, how about, how about also throwing the rule? You know what, on on short, on short on short downs, Your quarterback can't run. Josh Allen. Yeah, Josh Allen can't quarterback sleep. You, you, you see what that sounds like? Come on Now.


It is like you're hindering somebody that's good at that, better at something than you are. Yeah. Yeah. But 'cause you can't learn how to drive, you don't know how to drive a, anybody that's 16 years of age shouldn't be able to drive. Nah. Just because you can't drive that don't mean another 16-year-old can. So all, all that tells you is on first and second down, you need to play better defense. Yep. And keep 'em out a third and short or fourth and short. I, I tell you, I tell you what, they keep playing around with all these rules and they continue to change the game and what you grew up loving, it's gonna, it's gonna, it's gonna look like flag football. I'm telling you. I think the thing is Ocho look, the only thing I say is that, 'cause I, like I said, I told you, I think we talked about this on Monday, is that it used to be you couldn't push the runner, it was called aiding the runner.


Right. So you couldn't, and then they changed the rules and now I guess they say, well you can't be behind the line of scrimmage and aid the rudder. Mm. So I guess if he's down the field, 'cause we see guys, they, hey them line have been knocking hell outta people and try to push somebody in end zone or for a first down, since the beginning of time we hadn't seen somebody literally Ocho get behind them and push. Mm. But when they, when they first saw this, they should have said, nah, you are violating the spirit of the rule. Right. And did away with it then now everybody tried it. They're not as good as the Eagles are.


Okay. Because we can't be as good as the Eagles are at it. Let's do away with it. Right. That's, that's what it seems like to me because, and that's that's what it's, and they get a lot of support. A lot of people wanna band it Ocho Yeah, I heard Atlanta is obviously the Packers, You know, put it in. You see Sean McDermott here in Buffalo? Do they have enough to get to the 24 boats to get it out? That's the question. And funny, the funny thing about, it's gonna be funny when they do pass it and they still not able to stop the damn eagles and show y'all the situations. Beals wide receiver T Higgins just posted a cryptic message on Twitter. Blue cap for the second year in a row. Higgins has not received the right contract offer from Cincinnati Ocho.


What I Told you. Bengals go a What did I tell you? Bingo Up the Huh? What did I tell you they was gonna do? What did I tell you they was gonna do? I said this. The right one was on the wall. Everybody in Cincinnati, they fuss with me. The fans arguing with me over and over and over and over. We can pay both. We can make it happen. Okay. Not understanding the business side of things. What t deserves, what t deserves and understanding what he can get on the open market they're not going to do. Right. 'cause it would be impossible to pay t it'd be impossible to pay Jamar Chase who's going to be the highest paid and set and reset the, the, the wide receiver market and play and pay.


Brother Tre, he, Trey Henderson. You can't, They, they said It's impossible. Then people talk about, oh, the cap is going up. Like no, what are you talking, talking about? They're not tying up all the money and three players. Three players, let alone four Actually four players. 'cause Burrow got here buddy. Here's the thing. O ocho is that they said they wanna make Jamar Chase the highest paid non quarterback. Okay? Chase is looking to go north of 40. He, y'all had an opportunity to keep this in the thirties, but y'all made me play it out and I won to Triple Crown. So now you're gonna have to come in at 40. Okay. 40 million, 500,000, 41 million, whatever the case may be. I'm Finn to zoom past him by 5 million, 6 million.


That's where I am. And I'm gonna need, I'm gonna need about 90 to a hundred of a guarantee. Yeah, That's what I'm looking at it Joe. Real talk. Hey that, listen, that's what I, I knew it was gonna look like that. I knew it was gonna look like that. I when it played itself out last year, I kept saying I'm not sure why they're playing because why not pay him? Because you understand what you get in Uno. You know what you get when that product touches the field on Sundays. Yes. He sat outta the training camp. He gave y'all every opportunity he gave y'all every opportunity he gave him payday ev Every chance. Listen, I I love my Bengals, but it it, it puts us, us again in a, in a tough spot.


I was hoping they could, they they could get something done last year. They didn't get it done. He comes out this year, performs without having a training camp wins the triple crown. And now look, now look what position we in t Higgins has another strong season. I I said it what he can get on open market whatever, whatever deal they gonna send him. Whatever they gonna, they gonna try him. Yeah. They gonna try him. Yeah. And which is why he sent that out. I don't know if it was Duke. What, what Duke Tobin came out and said about not only making them trying to sign all three of them, I think that's where the cap came from. Yeah. Yeah. You trying to sign him, but somebody gotta, somebody got gotta get the low end of the stick. Yeah. And who did I tell you it had to be, it had to Be T Keith Keith looking at the Correct that 30 million man, and I don't know if they can get to that number.


No, I I guarantee the offer was very disrespectful. Again, it is the, it's the business side of things, but hey, nobody, nobody wanted to listen to me. What y'all gonna do? What y'all, I listen, I I don't know what we gonna do. I don't, I don't, I don't know what we gonna do now. I think it would've been a little easier if we had Jermaine burden on point, You know, from a mental, You know, mentally off the field, on the field. If he was able to contribute based on the talent that I know he has, based on what I saw from him and at El Alabama, I think they would be a little bit more comfortable, You know, with allowing t to go and get what he deserves somewhere else on the open market.


But the fact that I don't think Mr. Burton has, has, has matured enough, You know, to, to be able to, to let T go, You know, in that sense, I know t ain't finna stay and play on no franchise tag again. That's, that would be Mm, the ultimate disrespect. Allowing him to go get the value and what he deserved and he worked his, You know, what his tail off thinking. Yep. I agree. And what you call ain't gonna give you no discount either. Trey Hendrickson. Oh no, not, no. He, I mean, so what you gonna have a $55 million quarterback? A $40 million receiver, a 30 plus million dollar receiver and a 30 plus million dollar D lineman? You can't, you can't pay everybody on. You can't, you just Can't The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with State savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. All State, fire and, and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for store-wide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Powerade, monster and Poppy. Or breakfast items like Quaker Instant oatmeal or General Mill cereals plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and company


At David's Bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person, book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at davids bridal.com.