
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today, the Warrior's Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph Has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Westmore Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume,


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, drafting sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the Drafting Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tack and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund Back to basketball.


The Magic beat the Celtics 95 93. Fran Wagner was dominant. 32 points, seven rebounds, eight assists and he did it. He's guarding JB and JT as they pull is now two one with another game in Orlando. Jason Tatum was 10 or 2236 points. Nine rebounds, four assist Derrick White, 16 points. Jalen Brown, 19 points. But those big guns, Paolo Bank, Kara Carro, 29 points. Fran Wagner gave you his STA 32 7 and eight. Wendell Carter Jr. Had 10 points, 10 rebounds as they hold on and win.


Joe, what'd you like about what you saw from Orlando? Like I said, Waner and Ben Carro, they can, oh they for Raymond Brown, they give Match Tatum and Brown. And when Tatum and Brown ain't got poor zinger's, a pitcher going off. You know, it's, it's, it's, it's tough. You know Peyton Pritchard, he won six man of the year and he didn't really, he didn't give him nothing today. You know, twenty five, ten three points. You know, Jason Tatum had 36 and nine, but man, they need, they need probably a little more from JB and Prichard to White. You know, they look forward to 'em getting, getting, getting hot. But what's up with Drew Holiday? What he hurt? I, I'm not sure. They were nine was 27 from the three.


And that's the thing with the Celtics, it's Harford to win if they don't shoot you at the gym from the three, because a lot of their game is predicated on taking a bunch of threes and making a bunch of 'em. So we'll take 50, we'll take 55, 60 threes. If we can make 22, 23 of them, we like our chances. There are not very many teams that can consistently match the Celtics from the three point line. They took the most, they made the most threes in NBA history and their record is speaks for itself. And, and I I think that's what makes them tough because you, you, you're right, they got jb. They got jt, they also have a pingus that can give you mid twenties, maybe even 30. You see Derrick W can go off, he can make 7, 8, 9, 10 threes Peyton pri we seen Peyton PRI score 40 point, 40 point points in a ball game.


So they got guys that can go fuego and get hot and shoot you out of the building. It's gonna be, it's gonna be very interesting to see what the, what the matchup is. Jalen Brown says the refs are letting the magic play too physical. There might be a fight breakout or something because it's starting to feel like it's not even basketball and the refs are not controlling their environment. So it is what it is. If you want to fight out there, we can do that. We can fight to see what goes in the second round. Do you like what JB having to say? Yeah Joe, I do. I do. I like what he gotta say. I mean they competing at a high level man. Like I say, this is physical basketball at this point. The only thing that's gonna change in any of these games is the physicality mean.


It's like guys being physical, not letting you cut to the, to the real ocho You know, everything you do. Yeah. You know we going to touch you. It's gonna be physical. We not gonna let you do nothing easy. We going to create traffic and cause discomfort and that's what Orlando is doing. Look, I'd like to see Ben Carroll and Wagner shooting 25 and 27 field goals even though he made 10 and 11. But that lets me know they been, they being aggressive going to the rim and they going to cause pressure. You know what I mean? Where guys gotta help now they can get guys easy shots. Broon got they work cut out man. Boston got their yeah, got a series though. Yeah, I think the thinking plus Joe is that I like because they should take half the damn shot.


They're the two best players. You right. Why somebody else try, why somebody else trying to pitch in and say, hey man y'all take 25, y'all took 27, let me get 18. Hell nah under 10. Yeah, but you see that, but you see that from time to time. Like now we're in the playoffs, every possession is valued and these guys are taking the initiative to come down, initiate the offense, get in, You know, whether it is running iso post up or just You know, getting into the paint, You know, just causing havoc. It's gonna make 'em a better team. Man. They making Boston Guard like you say Boston already complaining that that that, that the series has been too physical. You look, JT went down with a wrist injury and game one, them playing game two now JI seen JB go down with a little injury today too.


So this is how it's gonna be for the rest of the series. They understand being physical is is in their favor. Meaning, You know, Philando and plus and plus and plus. Hold on, hold on. And plus JB was in foul trouble a little bit tonight too. I think that didn't help their situation. But when you dealing with Van Carro, who's a big body guy. Yeah. He likes to play physical. He's a bumper car type of guy. He gonna bang you and bang you and bang you and get to that right shoulder and turn and and and turn around on you. Soran Wagner is a skilled and skill. Yeah. He can play. Yeah. Now the problem that they had this year, I think they'd had a better record. Bang, Carroll got hurt. Yeah, Wagner got hurt and sometimes, sometimes that those injuries overlap.


Yeah. But if you go back and look at them when they play together. Oh they for real? Yeah those, those young guns for real pa I love Van Carroll. He could really, he could really play, You know, You know Wagner, his brother is hurt, You know he was, he was playing early in the year. Like they, You know, they down a major piece but man are they scrappy bro? They create, they look I seen, I seen Lil Anthony Black pick Peyton Prichard a full court pick his pocket, You know what I mean? Like nothing caught. Yeah. For ojo. As soon as the ball come in 94 feet, I'm right at your neck. I pressure you. Yeah. This hey this a playoffs, man, this what's about, so look, Orlando is competing at a high level. They gonna protect their home and they gonna make it tough for Boston.


Man, this ain't gonna be no easy series. Hold on, hold on. You say it's not gonna be an easy series if they continue to be scrappy, if they continue to play physical, do you even give the magic a chance to beat or even win this series? Or you just saying he's just gonna make it close? No, I think they're gonna make it close and interesting. I don't, I can't see 'em beating Yeah. In seven games. No, but I can, I can, I can see Boston winning four two. Yeah, yeah I can see that. Okay. Oh, so you just, you just giving the magic two games even with the way they Playing. Yeah, but I'm, but I, I I think Boston is the better team. Yeah. I, I I, okay. And normally the better team it will play out over a series. It's, that's that's what you get And, and when you talk about when you play series, you gotta be somebody four times.


It's not like football is one and done and sometimes one and done. Yeah. They won the best team doesn't always win, but the team that plays the best that day. Absolutely. So yeah, I, I I for me I think I could see, be very interested how this thing shape up now Orlando get that get game, get that game and now they go back to Boston two two put the pressure on Boston. Woo. Yeah, yeah. Homeless. Yeah I'm under Pressure that that, that that'd make it Interesting. The bucks first time in Milwaukee Bucks history. They had two players scored 35 points or more. They got 37 a career high playoff from Greg, Gary Trent Jr. Knocked down nine three pointers matched Ray Allens Buck's record of nine Giannis was Giannis, he gave you 37.


He was 37, 12 and six. Gary Trent Jr. Was 37 and with three rebounds no assist. He like bro I'm just gonna shoot it. I ain't helping nobody else get get get your old basket. Hey listen, go ahead. Go ahead Joe. They go ahead. No go ahead. They needed every bit of that 37 for Gary Trent. You know, see my problem with with Milwaukee is, You know, Dame coming out with this calf injury man, he not going to be able to play at no high level for no, You know, I think by having him out there is just a de court. But You know, he can get high, he can make some shots but I think with that cap injury is limiting him to, You know how he's ultimately gonna be able to perform or help, You know, Milwaukee move on in this series. So Gary Trent, he won this game for him tonight man.


He was, he was on fire. He was. He was I And plus if you look at Indy when they don't have their star, all their starters, normally they're starters somewhere between 12 and 25, 26 points. Yeah. And then they have a guy or two off the bench in double figures. Look they got Pascal CMUs has been playing well Aren n Smith had 18 miles. Turner only gave him six. He normally give you somewhere between 14 and 20. Yeah. That Nihar only gave you six. He normally in double figures. Yeah. Obie topping he gave you 10 play. He didn't play bad, he didn't shoot well from the three. So math he only gave you nine.


And so that you gonna open yourself up if your guys don't play like you normally play and you'll get a situation where you get Giannis. They don't have anybody that can do anything with Giannis. But you can't let, you can't let Gary Trent Jr go get 37 because now you allow Giannis to bring somebody along with him. Giannis had seven assists. Remember the other, the other time he had like one or two assists. Yeah. You see when he gets you 36, 12 and he dishes out seven or more assists you gonna have your hand full because they, they they can beat you now. Yeah. I need Haller to be a little more aggressive for Indiana though. 11 field goal attempts, You know Dame little hobble man you gotta make him work on both ends of the floor outside that Miles Turner didn't, I mean one for nine that hurt him.


That's that. Yeah for sure. Yeah I heard him. But yeah, Youngs Young is gonna need somebody to step up, You know pretty much every game, You know Youngs going to give you 35, 40 points a night. I don't, Trent Jr gonna be able to hold this up or if D ain't gonna give us one of them, You know, virtual Osos performances. But man, hey, hey, hey. He gonna need some help. But I, I like the bench though. I like, You know Bobby coming off with that, You know he's pretty much fine tuned now 'cause he's been absent for a while. He just got back with the team so I, I feel like the Bucks can make this a series for sure. Yeah, I agree. Gonna tell us a lot. Biggie better get they better, they better get game four because if they don't get game four they're not gonna go to Indian Win.


Yeah I got, I got 'em getting game four. I got 'em getting game I think because Milwaukee got, didn't get anything from Brooke Lopez as you mentioned Dane was two or 12, one of eight from three. He gave you seven points. Yeah. Tore your Prince, he only played three minutes. He gave you 10 points. Jericho Sims play four Points. Kevin Porter Jr. Oh five, he gave you one point Green gave you 12 but it was the, it was, it was the big gun. It was Giannis at the top and Trent Jr. At the bottom and really not much the sandwich in between but they were able to build a Billy cut when I turned, when I started watching the game, Indy was up by 10. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I turned back and I there were down by 10.


I'm like well what the hell happened And I y'all talking about this game, I was on the, I was on the airplane. Hey you miss a good game yo. It was a good game. It was a good game. I don't know Milwaukee needed this bro. They needed some confidence 'cause Indiana yeah number, You know what I mean? They need some confidence going in the game four now and try to really make this a series going back to Indiana tied up. You know like I say, hopefully Dame gets better, You know, day by day and he's, You know, probably give him a little more offensively 'cause man they Giannis gonna definitely need him for sure


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dylan Brooks called Draymond Green, a dirty player and defended his teammate Aman Thompson. Who upended Jimmy Butler in game two forcing him to lead the game due to injury. No, I think Dirty Player is Draymond giving him a little push as the regular basketball players do and Jimmy's fighting in the air for rebound and stuff happens. Yeah. Amen's not a dirty player and he has nothing to do and it has nothing to do with being a dirty player. Jimmy's questionable for game two Joe. I know you saw the play. It seemed like Jimmy's going up for a ball. He got both hands on the ball somehow Aman Thompson loses his balance, submarines him and with nothing to Bra listen back.


Boy, I know That that's, that that's, that's that good. That's that good bone bro man. Boy they gonna take a minute for him to recover from that. Look, I don't think it was a dirty play. I think a man Thompson was just playing hard competing. He was trying to get in there and, and just cause and make a play and end up got getting pushed, You know, kind of into like Jimmy Butler which kind of took him out. It's like dang. It's like, it's like the littlest thing can happen in the playoffs man. The swing of series, You know what I mean? And Right. The boys without Jimmy man it's gonna be tough man. It's gonna be tough, You know, against that Rockets team. Hey look, I wouldn't be surprised if it was a fight or a wrestling match throughout this series. Right? I'm looking forward to it. Actually.


It's a lot of borderline stuff going on out there in the first couple games on ocho. Yeah. Hey that guy, that guy Draymond, that Dre Draymond funny boy. Funny man. Hey he's scrappy. He's scrappy with it too. He don't even care. He don't care who you are. Oh nah, nah, he finn he finna get it in every time. Yeah, I like that Look. And and that's, that's the thing about it Joe, you keep saying is that it's the finality of it. Yes. 'cause there is no more tomorrow. It is not. Okay. We lost Orlando, we down to Miami, then we gonna hit Atlanta. Right. And You know what I'm saying, we gonna go to Charlotte. Ain't none of that. Nah, you lose these four games and it's over.


It's over. You see the, the, your, your season's over and You know, you go into Cancun or whatever you, whatever you do before you start, You know, before you start back getting ready for the grind of, of summer. Well You know guys not playing summer league before you start the preseason games before you get back into the regular season come October. So guys gonna play hard. Guys gonna play extremely hard and I don't really, I don't really have no problem with that. Nah, me neither. I enjoy it actually. But that is why it's been a lot of injuries pretty much, You know, throughout this postseason guys are competing at a high level bro. You look at the, You know, maybe we'll get to it, the Memphis game, what happen to Job but go ahead. Yeah. Jimmy is questionable for game three. Ja Morant will miss Game four against the Thunder.


Ja injured his hip after taking a hard fall doing game three down three oh in the series Grizzly face elimination without their best play maker, their best player and their 20, 24, 25 season could be over late in the second quarter on Thursday. Memphis was up by 27 when Scotty Pippen, Scotty Pippen Jr. Dropped off a pass to Morant on the fast break. Lou Dot was chasing Pippin slipped as he turned over and crashed into Airborne Morant. A lot of people said it was dirty and a lot of people said door slip. Joe, you saw this play accident. Slippage dirty. I think he slipped man. He was anticipating on going up for the block on Pippin.


Yeah, but he caught himself 'cause he, You know, caught the drop back to Ja and he just slipped man. He slipped and You know, Ja went up obviously and came down with a crash landing. It is very unfortunate because I had Memphis winning that game. They had total control of the game. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They was up at, at that point by 27. Hey and and the one thing that's very glaring to me, You know when I look at game one Memphis was so, it was like they was flat, You know, they ain't really had nothing. They got blew out by 50 something points. Okay, cool. Game two Ja come back. You see how aggressive he is. I need him shooting at least 25 shots. I don't care if he don't make but six or seven though, eight of them. But the fact that he's damn aggressive put pressure on him.


Yeah. It puts pressure on him to where you can open up and give bangs easy threes or easy, You know, kick out for threes or Jen or big fella jj, him and Edie, You know, to where you can throw lives to those guys. Right. They cannot stay in confront of Ja. And he has to know that man. He has to know that, You know, he gotta go into that AI mode to where he's just ultra aggressive, relentless and getting to the cuffs, putting the pressure on the referees to call or You know, for him to make plays. Wow. Because he is that talented man. Yeah. And they'll be a better team, You know, the, the more aggressive he is. But this is gonna be a game. They was gonna win this game. Scotty Pivot Jr. Gave him that, that kick that he needed. And you can tell he was starting to find his rhythm and man, just an unfortunate, You know, incident, You know, throughout the game.


What'd you think Ocho dirty play? Nah, he he was, he was falling on it. It wasn't dirty. Especially something like that. I mean they, I think all, I think all NBA players have respect for each other and I know it's a playoff. I know everybody's playing physical, but you can see it if you watch it again, especially if you watch it in slow motion, you can see it was an accident and it's unfortunate. I would, I would've like, You know what they do, You know what I don't like that NBA players do. Sure. It's similar. When the pitcher hits a battle with the ball, you see how you show no emotion, no ap, no apology, no nothing. He just, just turns, he just very nonchalant. I wish he was a little bit more, You know what, I'm sorry. At least help him up. He just turned, turned away and just, and just walked away.


Ocho that play off basketball babe, we not helping you up. We not doing none of that. I see. See that, that that's what I mean. So, so when he, when he, when he, when when he reacts like that, it, it makes it look as if okay I did it on purpose and what Right all, listen, we not giving up no layups, none of them flashy ducks. Now we gonna try to put nothing cheap, nothing cheap, but we ain't trying to actually just hurt you. You know what I mean? Nah, nah, but Nah, nah. Yeah. We gonna make, yeah you gonna, yeah. Yeah. It's, you can't come through here just old laying. Yeah, it, I when you don't show no kind of remorse, especially like that understanding you undercutting by accident. You didn't mean to do it but like no, no nothing, no eye contact.


No, just, just, nah, come on man. Yeah. Hey OJ, I tell you a story. We was in the locker room in one of the coaches spilled a drink in one of the guys' locker and he came in, man, what the hell spill the drink in my locker, man. The dude said, Hey look D Russ, I spilled the soda in your locker. I'm sorry that that's the end of that. Now what were you saying? Hey, I'm sorry that's the end of that. I had been to go back and forth to do all this other Right. So that was the plan. I said, Hey man look I did it. I'm sorry that that's the internet. I get you. Hey y'all hip him up, he ain't my teammate, I ain't helping his ass up. Right, Right, right, right. I got it, I got it, I got it, I Got it. Oh Joe, Joe Warren Moon, personally Unretired the number one for Cam Ward Pro Football Hall of Famer.


Warren Moon currently the only blank quarterback in the pro football Hall of Fame gave up his number. Famous number one gave his blessing and allowed Cam Ward to war. The Jersey previously retired by the Titans recently said it would consider giving this blessing to war. To war the digit. I'm thinking about it said Moon, when ask if he would allow permission to give Ward the number to Ward should wound, should Warren have felt pressure to do this on Joe? I would, I I wouldn't say pressure, but Cam Ward is special. Cam Ward is a special player. He is obviously he's coming to, he's coming to the Titans and why not continue that legacy? Why not continue that legacy that Warren Moon set, You know, when he was there and allow Cam to, to carry that torch on, You know, wearing the number one as a new franchise quarterback, hopefully for the next decade or so.


I, I like it. It's a dope move Joe. It's a dope movie. I I wouldn't, I wouldn't have Cam even knew he didn't care. Oh yeah, he knew. Okay. Okay. That would've been a dope surprise. But lemme ask you this for Warren just up, I wanna ask Joe. Joe, you got your number retired, somebody come at it, they wanna wear that. They wanna wear Joe, they wanna wear that. What you doing Joe? Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm doing it if it's special, You know what I mean? He number one pick, he been wearing the number one, You know, shout out to OG for, You know, taking out the rap because letting, letting young boy take off with it. Yeah. I ain't, I mean I don't, I don't got ego when it comes to that. Hold on, Hold on, hold on Uncle Joe. We ain't just giving anybody that number.


You got to be that boy. Yeah. And, And Cam Ward is that boy, so it's understandable. That's someone, You know what? Majority, majority of them ru but for him, oh yeah, I'm good. I I re I'll relinquish that. Absolutely. Joe, you had several numbers. Were you always seven Joe? Nah man, I wasn't number two because what, you wasn't seven in Phoenix? Nah, I wasn't. Look, I, I wore, I just got, I just got seven when I got to Brooklyn. But coming up like through junior high and high school I and college I wore number 24. Okay. So when I got to the pros, I got drafted by Boston. They ain't got no numbers. Yeah, every number. They got big numbers. 44, 55.


You can't get no single digit number 24 after questioning. Man, they got so many numbers retired. So look, the only number they had that I could get was 31. So I rock with 31. Now you had Cobra, Maxwell Jersey? Yeah, that's my guy co brand. Hey look, I'm in the Raptors after that Boss 31. When I get traded to Phoenix, I'm trying to get 24, but I'm playing with Tom gta. Tom GTA got 24 so I ain't even finna ask Okay. For that two, four, you can go on, keep it right. I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna roll with this two. So I've been rocking with number two all the way through Atlanta and then when I got to Brooklyn I just changed it up and went to seven. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm like damn Joe, Joe had but hey, they couldn't fired Joe. They're like what Joe Jo 2 7 24 31.


Right. Hey listen man, I wanted one of 'em single digits in Boston, but like I, when we get drafted I'm like okay, what number can I get? Can I get number 24? They start showing me all the numbers that was retired. I'm like man, oh no good. They got Camp Sam Jones, Casey, Casey Jones, Heinen, Russell Bird, genius Johnson man. They got Bob Coy, they got Bill Sharman, they retired so many numbers. Hey. I said man, they got, they got double zero retired. They got what's you call 'em retired. They got Kevin m so you, you right Robert Parrish. Yeah. They got double 0, 32, 33 I think Dennis Johnson, I think DJ was three.


Yeah, he was. Yeah. Yeah. They got dj. Yeah, they got DJ retired, they got Sam Jones, Casey Jones, Hamlet, check Cowans. So anytime, anytime y'all Boston Arena, y'all look up in the rafter 31 up there baby. That's Iceo joke baby me arena, we sharing that thing. That's my man. You already know. That's my man cornbread. Ah man. Very, very touching but heartbreaking story. Derrick Harmon's mother who had been on life support sadly passed away after he arrived at the hospital and told her he had been drafted by the Steelers. I thought in prayers go out to Derrick Harmon and his family and all those loved ones Yeah.


That were impacted by this tragic passing. Man, that's an unbelievable story. Think about that. Ocho he arrives at the hospital, unbeliev mom, I don't know if you can hear me or not. I finally, I finally did it, But your baby has been drafted to the Steelers and later that night. Listen, that That is, that's, that's an unbelievable story for, for mom to be able to hear that and understanding at that point, my job is done. Yep. I can transition. I've done all I can. All the sacrifices, all the, all the, the, the the the hurdles, the obstacles that I've had to make to ensure that you made it to this point. Yeah.


And that is you got drafted all I all, I just, I just needed to hear it. I just need to hear it now I'm at peace. That's it. That's it. I mean, hey, she, she wanted to hear that and once she hear that she could go rest peacefully and he wanted to be able to deliver that message to tell his mom, mom yeah, you did it man. Everything that, You know, what we went through and what you told me and how you reared me. Hey, go rest easy mama. Go rest Easy. Also, I wanna send out a very heartfelt, hopefully he gets well soon. Elijah Arenas Gilbert Arena son was in a, a car accident.


He's doing, it's being reported that he's doing much better. I sent Gil a, a a a text. He said he, hey he's gonna be okay. Yeah. But that was so sad. I could not believe it that this had happened. And man, You know, we had Gil here and Gil's a great guy. He's doing an unbelievable job on Gil Arenas with his, with his crew. Shout out Gail. But I just want you to know that the Nightcap family and everybody over here and everybody that's in this chat Yes sir. Wanna send our thoughts and prayers to you and hopefully your family and Elijah is doing a lot better now. And so we are praying for a speedy recovery so we can see what he going to do at USC. So we don't know if he one and done or he maybe he got two because You know, this is a very serious injury.


They put him in an a an induced coma. Yeah. But hopefully he's resting comfortably. And Gail, I know you by the side. I know you, you was worried, but You know, you, you, you, you sent me that you thought everything was gonna be okay. So I just wanted to send out our thoughts and prayers to you and your family or Elijah's speed Speedy recovery. Sure. I I talked to him too. He said, he told me he didn't have no serious injuries. So, okay. So that's dope. Good. Ronnie have a paper for the Jag if the Jags, I drafted Shado, I call the Steelers and tell them I need three first rounders for Trevor Lawrence and I start the franchise fresh with Brian Thomas, Travis Hunter and Shado Sanders Ocho. You like that?


I do, I do. I mean, listen, I mean, I I it's not gonna happen obviously. Three one for Trevor Lawrence. Oh, you gonna get at least two. Okay. You Gonna get at least two at another high draft pick. Hey, but hey, that's that. Ooh. That'll be Kenya. You match them two back together and man, give Like that, huh? And I don't Nah, nah, absolutely not. I don't think, I don't, I don't think they will. That's a great, that's a great hypothetical though. I like it. And that's but that stadium and that Duval man Jacksonville gonna be rocking.


Woohoo. He'll be rocking


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the post-season And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. We'll find us.


But I, yeah, I agree with you Ocho. I don't think that's gonna happen. Alright, Ocho Nah, we gonna get outta here on this one. This is your last, this is our last segment of the evening. It is time for q and a Q and a. Lee Frazier said What is going on with Sanders? Why are they doing them like this? Why must they treat black players like this and can we change this for future players? Nope. I Oh, oh, oh Joe, I get it. I I I get it, I get it. Because people look at Archie and Archie basically said, my son is not playing in San Diego.


I do not want my son in the a FC right now. This is what's gonna happen. And they see, You know, he ends up, they end up selecting, they trade him to the Giants charges, select him, trade him to the Giants. The Giants select Philip Rivers, they get another first round pick, yada yada yada. I get it, I get it. Yeah. It's just tough. It's just tough to see a guy that's rated this high and fall all the way outta the first three rounds. So yeah, I don't know what this is. I I I don't know what it is. All I know is that what I saw, what my eyes told me. He had an unbelievable college career. His two years he was sensational at, at co at cu 37 touchdowns over 4,000 yards.


70 plus 70 what? 74%, 70 high. Mid 70 or low 70. Completion Percentage Completion percentage. Yep. I don't know. No, but to answer your question, ain't nothing we can do because we're not in a position of selecting the players. JJ Carver said my Saints passed over Sanders. Mel Row will Howard q Quinn, your Dylan, Gabriel, just to draft a quarterback, been injured every year. Like Carr is an April fool all month long. I'm surprised I, because okay, they need a quarterback because of the injury with Derrick Carr. We don't know if he's gonna be able to play if he, if it gonna be start the season, the middle of season or if he's gonna be able to play.


Right. They don't select a quarterback in the first round to go to see. Okay. But the second round they don't. And now You know, like the third you take, They will over, they will remind you at any given chance where they feel you getting outta line. Man, it's gotta be more than that man. It's gotta be fun. Nah, ain't no no, ain't ain't no more than that ain't, ain't, ain't no, ain't no more. Trust me. Ain't no more than that because there's, there's, we're going to humble you. If you don't wanna do it on your own, we gonna do it for you. If you don't wanna do it on your own, we will do it for you.


That's all. That's, that's, that's it. Samuel, Griff else, Samuel Griffith. Should the tire Titans draft Shado and copy what Washington did with RG three and Cousins, could the 49 ERs be a good fit for Shado? No, because you are about to play Brock Purdy, why would you pay a quarterback 200 plus million dollars and then draft a quarterback? No, I don't think Titan's gonna do that because I think the Titans, the Titans really like Cam and Cam style is not like RG threes, RG three was a scrambling quarterback with leads to guys being injured, Right.


So you gotta weigh the options. Okay, here's a guy that has a style that could potentially lead to him getting injured. So no, I don't think the Titans gonna do what Washington did and no, I don't think the 49 ERs are a good fit for Shado. Frank and Rodriguez, listen, this is why Shado hasn't been drafted. Number one, he's only been coached by his father. Teams don't know if he can adapt to a new coaches. A coach at a GM on the hot seat knows Dion is on deck. What you think O Joe, I like that. I like that. And I love and in regards to where he goes, if things aren't going well, especially as a team collectively the rumors will start to swirl about Prime at some point coming to the NFL to co to to coach Shado.


Now I, I understand that. I think, and also I think some teams are or, or or scared of the power and, and and what they bring, You know, with, with that last name. And that's just something you have to deal with there, there are other players that are just as polarizing, maybe don't, don't carry that much weight, You know, as, as a family unit as one. But I mean it's, it's, it's, it's scaring some of the teams but still you understand what you get. You understand what you get as a player though. It's your door. So it's, it's confusing to me when you turn the film on and you watch the tape and I, I've watched the tape on all the other quarterbacks that have, that have gone before him and it's, it's mind boggling. And I'm not saying it's nothing wrong with any of the quarterbacks that have gotten drafted, You know, kudo to them, You know, this is obviously you're living a childhood dream of yours.


But I mean like, come on man, Hold on. So I'm, I'm so you think, You know, that's probably one of the reasons he is not getting drafted because You know, they think he, they think Dion coming in to, to replace him. Well I think the thing is, is that the only voice he's really heard is his father's voice from the time he started playing football, his father's coached him every step of the way. What is the though? What what about the itest? Oh yeah. When I tell me he can play, there's certain things that with certain cats they not going, they not going to test Well when it comes to agility and all that and strength training, I agree. But when you, when you put 'em out there on the court or the, the, the field or what happened on the field, yeah, they know how to make plays man. And I think some of that stuff you can't account for like just watching film ain't gonna do it or just going to watch him throw.


That's not going to show, You know, what he can do in between the lines, You know when, when he get on the field. That's what I'm saying, ojo Charlie Ward won't the Heisman and didn't get drafted. Did you remember? You remember that right Ocho That's right. You remember that right? That's right. Yeah. Okay. I'm just show each I'm making sure the chance to understand so it's not like yeah he choke. Now a lot of people gonna say, well Charlie had told him that, You know, blah blah blah was gonna go play in the N-B-A-N-B-A. Yeah but hey, nobody gonna take a flyer. Hey Bo Jackson told Tampa that if you select me I'm gonna go play baseball. They took him number one overall so that, but you not gonna tell us what we going not gonna do.


Now they ended up trading that big to the, to the Raiders. But I'm just saying Hugh rest his, so Hugh, Hugh Culver house who used to be the owner of Tampa Bay, Bo was the best player. He says if you draft me Tampa, 'cause they had done, You know, ruined a lot of other players they had. Tampa was not very good. You select me, I would go play baseball with the first pick. Tampa Bay, Buccaneer Select Vincent Bo Jackson, you gotta be a bad boy. Hey to get selected first and then don't want to play for them. Yeah. Like, yo just, I'm just gonna go over there and play baseball. I ain't, I ain't doing all that. I ain't fool with y'all aint, Hey CJ got sin saying Shannon, this can't be a race thing.


What you doing? The titans drafted Cam number one of all don't You know, it's a personality thing. I, to be honest with you, cj, I don't know what it is. What we are trying to do. Yeah, we are trying to say, hey, we threw the personality out, we threw does he have a preexisting condition? Yeah. What what I mean does he have all issues? Oh, this off field, off the field issues. Yeah. Yeah. I, we don't, I don't, CJ I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't know. I haven't talked to time. I'm sure at some point in time I'll get around and I'll sit down and I I'll ask time Tom what you think happened But I I I don't know. Yeah, that's puzzling bro. Never happened ever in the history Of the game.


Dewan High said black confidence is scary to them. They hate that they can't break his confidence in himself and theyre, and he's already rich, they can't hold money over him. Free black man as America's nightmare. Listen, I read, I read it, I read, I read it earlier. I don't know if you heard what I read earlier, but hey, Hey you getting go back to school? Nope. He got an agent. Even you don't NFL don't play that. Once you declare for the draft, it's good night. I read that's it. That's it. JJ said, oh Lakers gotta stop turning the ball over. I agree. Turn the ball over. Those young guys get out and easy get easy buckets on you.


I agree they definitely, jj need to stop turning that ball over. If LeBron knew how close the game out there would've won. 38 points means nothing If you sink a can. If he sink the end clutch last five minutes, he ghosted the fatigue. Fuck. I I yeah, I, I don't, I don't. Yeah, I mean you, you asking a 40-year-old, I I mean how many 40 year, 40 year olds have ever made the playoffs, let alone score 38. Right? You are asking a man 41 minutes. 41 minutes. He gave you 10 rebounds. So he's really exerting himself. 'cause he gotta get on the glass. He's going, I mean he's what, he's 13 to 21 from the field.


Five and nine from the three point line. Any, Any playing defense? He just Need a little help tonight. He just need a little more help. Kendrick Clements can't say Lakers or five Oh nah, Nah, No 2006 red no leg and five See y'all. Oh. Oh see y'all want a pie alone. We got something for you now. TS car wash and detail service. Clippers winning at all till we fall. Don't give a don't give count. Kawai the ball Kawai playing. Unbelievable. Why's playing? Unbelievable. He's healthy. He got that mini going and when he gets that mini going and then you combine that with his ability to shoot the three.


Yeah, he, he, he tough to deal with man. He tough to deal with on top of he gonna get you still, you got James Harden playing at a high level too. You get both of them dudes going the way they've been playing the past few games, past couple games and Zoo box you a double double every night. Yeah. And Zoo Box, they just got a bunch of guys chipping in man doing the little dirty work and, and and really they, I mean game three it wasn't even no game for real. They, they have no from start to finish pretty much. Sir. Kates my guys. Is Doc gone after the season if the buck loses and will the Dolphins eventually get fed up and trade Tyreek if he keeps up with these trade antics?


I don't know. Did he say something about Joe? Did he say something today about being traded or what? I I Didn't, I didn't, I I didn't hear anything. Everything's been draft covers for me so I didn't see anything any, any current players have said Doc because he gets fired if the bucks get get bounced in the first round Joe. I think I, yeah I think they gonna make some changes if they lose the first round they gonna make some changes. And I know Dame big hurt but I think they probably gonna give up on that Giannis and Dame van if, if they can't get past these paces. Well Dame really never wanted to go there anyway. Dane wanted to go to Miami. Yeah, yeah I remember but Miami didn't want to give up the package that it was going to take in order for them to get dne.


You know Pat ride right. Pat Riley tried to man Pat Riley always tried to strong arm somebody. Well we gonna give you this. Nah, you're not Finn to give us no no, nah, nah you not had to give us no pieces. This is what we want. Take it or leave it. When you called us we didn't call you. Yeah. Hey he gonna try to get what he can get. He trying to make the deal. He trying to make the deal right for himself man. For the heat. He ain't standing there. Yeah and I ain't trying to help the heat. I'm not trying to help the heat be title contenders so gimme what I want or kick rocks right? Yeah. Rich Klaver Joe I've been rocking with you. It was go to Joe much love Nightcap. Watch every episode come to Arkansas.


Yes sir. The cold Weller saying what you want. Cincinnati will always be home when I fly home from college studying in Atlanta at Emory. I always get a unique special feeling driving through the skyline because my brain knows I'm home. Who they who They Chem day. Beatles. Ocho can't wait to see you in Charlotte. Let me be your hype man on the flight. You, you too quick. Deebo can't catch you. Ocho in five Deebo can't see you. That's what he meant. Sweet. My bad. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for tuning in. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up. The guy below me is my partner and the co-host number 85 Bingo Ring of Fame art read the Liberty City legend Pro bowler all pro, Chad Ochocinco Johnson and our basketball contributor talk all things basketball throughout the entirety of the playoffs.


Arkansas, native Arkansas University. That's Ice O Joe. Thank you guys. Please make sure you go hit that subscribe button. Please go make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. I want to thank you guys. We had a bunch, I think we had over 50,000 in the chat tonight. Thanks to you for showing up and showing out for us. Thank you for the support that you've given us from the start All the way to the finish to the finish. And I wanna personally thank you for all the support that you've shown me. Make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, order it online.


We'll ship it directly to your door. Please direct responsibly and stay safe while you're out there. Please check out my media company, she Shea Media on all of its platforms and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked, the link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone they're gone. Tickets for not Safe or a work tour are on sale. Our stops are be more Philly, Charlotte, LA M-I-A-N-Y-C, shy Town, Chicago. Detroit finishes out tickets can be found@shehamedia.com slash tour. That's sheha media.com/tour. Link is pin in the chat. Our guest lineup is looking insane.


You guys don't want to miss out. Please come out, support your favorite and ocho, make sure you check us out. So Joe Yoga, You know what don't y I'm gonna try to get out there and see that, You know, I'm gonna have to make sure I get good warm. Take a good old hot shower. Get these, get these old limbs all warmed up. 'cause man yeah, I'm gonna get y'all right man. I'm gonna get y'all right. Get y'all little red light therapy little cryotherapy. Get y'all right. Okay. Okay. And y'all gonna, that glow? Eyes gonna be buck. You gonna be ready baby? Yeah, I The Timberwolves take a two one lead over the lake of 1 16, 1 0 4. LeBron James has 38, but it wasn't enough to overcome Jayden McDaniels 30 Ant Man 29 and Julius Randalls 22 as they win one 16 to 1 0 4 to take a two one lead.


And the Shado Sanders slides. He doesn't go in the first two days. Now let's see if he goes rounds four through seven. The Orlando Magic's defeat the Boston Celtics. 95 93. Thanks to Paulo Van Carro and Franz Wagner, they win 95 93. It's a two one series. Boston are still in front and the Milwaukee Bucks get on the board now it's two. One Indy thanks to 37 from Giannis and 37 from Gary Trent, Jr. As they win one 17 to 1 0 1. That concludes Nightcap. I'm unc, that's ocho. That's ISO Joe. We will see you tomorrow.


Thank you for joining us guys Heap, The Volume,


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your Podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains a lot in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.