
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or marsh manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special, our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter. From our Minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky. Hug today.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Volume


When it comes to college basketball in March. Mania one thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets, buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion applied. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Spring is right around the corner And You know what that means? More time to enjoy quality moments with your partner. Whether it's a long walk in the park or a cozy evening at home, there's no better time to spark up that connection. Literally introducing Rose Sparks the two in one prescription treatment that helps you get stronger, harder erections, faster Rose Sparks dissolve right under your tongue and hits the bloodstream quicker. Meaning you'll be ready to go in just 15 minutes on average. And with up to 36 hours of action, you've got more time to enjoy yourself. Round after round with Rose Sparks you get thicker, longer erections you want and the stamina that lasts longer, making it more fun for the both of you. It's all about being ready for play. Whenever the moment strikes and the best part, Rose Parks connect you with a medical provider, a hundred percent online, no awkward in-person visits. If you approve your treatment ships right to your door. If prescribed new sexual health patients gets $15 off sparks on a reoccurring plan, connect with a provider@row.co slash Nightcap to find if prescription row sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/ Nightcap for $15 off your first order. Compound drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety info, go to ro.co/safety info.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths and a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard Test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their nationwide 5G network today home. Finally, eight cities, 10 days. I get to sleep in my bed tonight. Not that I wasn't sleeping in my bed the last couple of nights 'cause I was in Atlanta Ocho, but it is so good to be home. Thank you guys for joining us. I am your favorite. A little exhausted, but I feel good. I'm rested. I got me a nap today, Ocho. So we might be on this thing like three, four hours a night Now. Now we talking now that's all I wanted to hear. Now I'm just waking up from a nap as well, so I don't wanna hear no excuses when I ask you.


I don't wanna get off. Let's extend the show a little bit, a little bit longer and give the people what they want. Okay, that's good energy. That's good energy. Y'all know the Wait, I got one more. I got, I got one more thing before you go. What's that? I'm gonna tell you why I got good energy. Okay? Not only did I take a nap before I took a nap, even though I don't have a partner here, You know, I had to find out what these, how these things work. Fox. He fuck.


Hey listen, I put, hey, I put one in my tongue, right? Yeah. I put one in my tongue 'cause I just wanna see what it would do for me. Yeah. Get my body would react to it. Now when I order my sparks now I went through, I went through everything And I got a prescribe based on what I like, based on the questions I had to ask. Yeah. And it did wonders and it did wonders. And I ain't even had nobody with me. Yeah. So I'm on one of the sparks just for the show. That's why I'm talking so fast. And I'm so excited, enthusiastic right now and very passionate about what we finna do. Good. Ain't lie to you and I'm telling you. Huh? Y'all got, y'all got into Crooked Bridges in Florida. Nah Man, Ocho, I had one in my pocket. I leaned over there and dropped it in the water. The bridge straightened out. I ain't gonna lie to you. I swear. Did I, I swear. Did the brand straightened out just like I said, Hey, I thought the big was like wind it Straightened it out. That's my guy right there. Number 85, the route running Extraordinary. The Bing, A Ring of Fame artery. The Pro bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ocho Seco Johnson, since you took it there, Rose Sparks dissolves under your tongue for faster results. And by results, I mean, You know what I'm saying, OA mean one plus they last up to 36 hours. So that means you get turned on And you compete. Repeat and repeat. Three, repeat if necessary. Find out if a prescription row sparks are right for you at row.co/ Nightcap.


Hey. And, and You know, and You know how the rappers, You know how the rappers always spread money and put on their Arm, they spread they bread out like that? Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna spray, I'm gonna spread the roll out. I'm gonna spread the roll out. Yeah, yeah. Let's go, let's go. Hey, somebody, somebody, somebody. Somebody's daughter in trouble. I don't know who. Yeah, yeah. Yes sir. Yeah. Somebody goes, Hey man, y'all better stay away. Me with Joe, your rear ain't gonna need a line say up there away from me. Back you on Mark Nightcap episode is brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Hey guys, thank you so much again for joining us. We can't do anything without you guys. Thank you for your support and your continued support. Make sure you check out Shay by La Porter, every city that we stopped in. I want to personally thank you for showing up and showing out the love, the conversation that we had, the support that you've offered me from the very first time that I had the signing here and right here in in Nevada to all over Atlanta, Savannah in of Chicago, Hartford, Connecticut, Baltimore, prince Jo Charleston, South Carolina. Thank you. Thank you. From the Baltimore, my Heart. Now we do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it. We will ship it directly to your door.


And please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked. The link is pen in the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last Ocho. We're gonna start the show. Unfortunately, we gotta start the show with some sad news. Former heavyweight champion George Foreman has passed away at the age of 76. George Foreman, the two time world Heavyweight B, the world heavyweight champ, an Olympic gold medalist, if I'm not mistaken, in 1968, who was regarded as one of the hardest punches in boxing history.


One of his most memorable punches. He knocked out Michael Moore despite being down by all, all the scorecards in 1994 to reclaim his heavyweight champion ship belt at the age of 45. He was inducted into the both world Boxing Hall of Fame and the International International Boxing Hall of Fame. Big George, if I'm not mistaken, George was the heavyweight champion in 1968 in Mexico City. George Frazier was the, Joe Frazier was the heavyweight champion in 64. Yeah. I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think it's Tokyo. And then Ali was 1960 in Rome. And so we had a great, You know, boxing used to be, we used to dominate boxing. Yeah. We don't do it anymore Ocho we, but we used to dominate.


America used to dominate the sport of boxing. Yes. Yes. And I think George, a lot of people remember for the loss that he had against Muhammad Ali in the Rumble in the Jungle. Yeah. Some of his famous fights when he knocked that he knocked, he almost killed George Joe Frazier. Yeah. And that's when Muhammad Ali was your down ghost. Frazier. Frazier, yeah. Down Ghost Frazier. And he kept knocking him down and Joe kept getting up until they finally, he finally knocked him out and the fight was over. One of his most famous fights, guys, if you get a chance, go YouTube this fight. Now it's not artistically pretty. Right, but you're talking about two guys just throwing haymakers. You'll never see another heavyweight fight like this. George, George Norman against Ron Lyle. Oh wow. Okay. Okay.


I don't know if you've ever seen any Chad, but if you get an opportunity Yes sir. Please watch this fight. Now I'm not, it's not a thing of beauty. It's not great defense. It's just two guys throwing haymakers upside each other's head and both fighters go down, get up the other one down, get up, knock the other one down. It's as good a heavyweight fight. You'll see foreman prevail. But, and now I don't know how many people, but he started this George Foreman Grill. I got three of them. George, I Ocho I had two small And I got the big one that's about this big real Yeah, yeah, I did when I, when I was back when I was playing. Yeah, that's what we used to cook on. So I cook hamburgers, we cooked steak and things like that on the George Foreman Grill.


And if you had one, you guys know what I'm talking about. It had the lime on it. All you meat would always have, would have that, those lines on it. But it was great. And it's so, I, I'm so sad to see Big George because, You know, he turned his life over to God. He became an ordained minister. He got a big family, loved his kids, loved his wife. And unfortunately, George Foreman passed away at the right, at the ripe age. Oh. Of 76. Oh man. Listen, obviously, You know, and, and the people in the chat, I'm sure you guys know how enthusiastic and passionate I am about the, the sport of boxing and combat combat sports in general. Obviously I wasn't, wasn't old enough to be able to watch George Foreman, but I was able to go back and watch some of the fights with him and Ali, Joe, Joe Frazier and some others.


And, and he's, he's one of the all time greats. He's one of the all time greats. And it is very sad to hear of his passing. And normally most of the time, You know, we celebrate when someone passes on. And I went back and watched some of, some of, some of his best fights. I watched some of his best fights. I wasn't in town at the time of his passing. So I mean, it, it was sad to hear a legend. Definitely a legend. Legend gone. It is. He it is, it's so sad. But like I said, I mean George, he was, he loved, he loved his country because if you go back and look, he got the little American flag and he's waving 'em in the ring because he's proud to be in America. Especially in 68. Everybody knows what was going in the 68. Yes. That was the height of the civil rights movement.


Yes. If I'm not mistaken, Dr. King had had just gotten assassinated in April. Yeah. And I think the Summer Olympics had just happened. A little hap was happening a little later that summer. And so America was on the edge. That's also, yeah. Or Carlos and Tommy Smith being kicked out for raising on the podium when they finished one three in the 200 meters. Hey, Hey, speaking of Mr. Smith, You know, when I was at Oregon State, the head, I mean Oregon State, when I was at Santa Monica Junior College. Yes. My head coach was Robert Taylor. Rest in peace. Tommy Smith was the track coach at Santa Monica Junior College during my time there. Yep. Yep. Yeah. That's crazy. So George Foreman gone at the age of 76, gone, but never forgotten, will remember his contributions to what he did for the sport of boxing, what he did for his community.


And George Foreman And I, thoughts and prayers go out to him Yes sir. To his family. And all those impacted by the passing of George Foreman gone at the age of 76 Ocho March Madness has zero perfect brackets that remain more than 35, 30 4 million brackets was entered. None remained perfect. It took 43 games. But number three, Kentucky's 84 75 win over number six, Illinois busted the final bracket. So Ocho, this is the first time that a per men's perfect bracket had lasted until the second round since 2019. In 2024, the last perfect men's bracket was busted in the 31st game of the tournament.


Are you surprised that there are no perfect brackets remaining? Listen, I'm not surprised because if you look at the odds when it comes to having a, a, a perfect bracket and winning prize money or, or winning something for having the perfect bracket, I mean, you would know the chance of, of winning or having the perfect bracket is less likely than actually winning the lotto. It, if I'm not mistaken, statistically, And I, if it's like that, the chance of having the perfect bracket, you would have to almost guess or cre multiple brackets at, at, at that to actually have one that goes perfect and have a different scenarios and the, and the way games are gonna play out. Because if you look at it, this UNC could only come down to one game. It comes down to one game.


I was, I was excited and didn't even create a bracket. I just went on a limb and said, You know what? Hell, St. John's is finna win the whole thing. And St. John's done. They, they done win and lost, Got back in the second round. They Done lost in the second round. So if I had a bracket, which I didn't, that the goddamn one team I did pick, now they gone home. Yep. And because normally if your team, normally it is hard for you to win a bracket if the team that you picked up win the tournament gets knocked out early. Because think about all them because you had them winning, they got knocked out the route of 32. So now they don't make the sweet 16, they don't make the Elite eight, they don't make the final four. So one side of your bracket is already gone unless you are perfect on the other sides.


Right. It's hard for you to overcome that. But this is why people love March mad so much is the uncertainty, the unpredictable unpredictability of college basketball. 'cause you're not dealing with professionals here, Ocho Right. You're dealing with kids, you're dealing with 18 to 20, 21-year-old kids, maybe some are a little older now because of the portal and what we have with Covid. So sometimes the kids are 22, 23 years of age. Right. Right. But you're still dealing, you're not dealing with professionals. Although some of them are getting paid. So I guess you would consider theoretically consider them Right. Professionals. But when you look at it like that, Ocho I'm not surprised. I'm surprised that having been more upset because normally you Yeah, yeah. Normally comes. I don't think we had, we don't, we didn't have any like what, 13, 14 seeds that, that, that upset anybody this year.


Normally we have a 13 or 14 seed, a 15 seed that would upset somebody. It's just, it's just hard now Ocho because the freshmens, if you're really good, you leave and, and the portal guys going back to going one school here didn't like the amount of playing time or they got into it with coaches or whatever the case may be. And so now guys, the the, the talent is spread. Guys are not just going to Carolina, duke, and Kentucky and Kansas. Right. Guys are spreading out Yukon even though they lost the day to Florida. But that's what happened. That's what happened. And you gonna see this start to see this I think a little bit more in football also Ocho the unpredictability of college football because the guys are starting to spread out because You know what, there are a lot of teams that got money now.


They might not have as much as Ohio State or say Michigan or Alabama, Georgia. But hey, considering I was gonna get nothing And I can get 200, 300,000, that's pretty good money for an 18-year-old that's entering college. You know, when I, when I think about it, you talk about a landscape and how the dynamic of of the playing field has somewhat even because players are going everywhere. I think when it comes to college football, I think that's already happened. I think it's already happened. That's how you think of it. You think of the days when the hurricanes of Florida Gators and the Florida and, and the Seminoles used to absolutely dominate, dominate collegiate football. Yes. And you get all the great players, especially from down here in Florida. Yep. As opposed to now, hey listen, the kids outta Florida and Texas and in la they going everywhere. They go to Ohio.


Ohio State, they going to Alabama. Look at Amari Cooper. Yeah. Look at Jerry Judy, look at Jeremiah Smith. He's at Ohio State. Yes. Yep. Look at Lamar Jackson. He from Florida, he went to Louisville. So where guys, the guys from Florida would normally stay home. Right? They like, nah, we gone. They outta there. Yeah. We gone. They Outta there. And so, You know, if Florida could actually keep their guys, that's why Florida, Florida State Miami the kings. That's why they were so good. 'cause they normally kept that homegrown talent. Yeah. Now that homegrown talent they leave. Yeah. And so we Ridley isn't ca isn't Caval Ridley? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Ca ca really up from the career, He and his brother, they they, they went outta state.


And so hey you, you're right Ocho. I think because the guys are starting to leave and starting to spread out, you gonna see you gonna, the likelihood of you see the domination that you want song. Nah, I don't know if we gonna see that again. Nah. It, it is not gonna happen. Listen, unless, unless there's some booster from somewhere that comes along with an, an abnormal amount of money and it's starting and start, let's say you and for example or Florida State in order, in order for them to get back to their dominating ways, they have to come in, come in and come into these homes. Yes. And offer some of the, these five star star five star kids or steal players from other other schools. Yeah. Yeah.


What you need to do. Yeah. Based on the amount of money they're willing to pay them. Yeah. In order to get back, in order for the hurricanes or the seminars to get back to how it was back in the nineties. You gotta keep all homegrown kids right here within the state. Yeah. When you look at it Ocho and like you said, okay, you gotta get a kid that was like you like a Jordan Addison. Yeah. You won the Biletnikoff award at Pitt and now he ends up at USC and USC. Yeah. Yeah. Because you got those big movie studio execs and all those guys that went to USC. That's a big film school. Yeah. Which one is those? Is it Katzenberg or David Geffen that went to USC?


It's one of them because SKG is Spielberg Katz and Geffen Spielberg. Katzenberg and Geffen. SKG. But I know one of 'em got a a a film school named after at USC. Okay. Because they started Pixar, didn't they? Skg Spielberg, David Geffen. But, but that's what you're gonna have to have Ocho you're gonna have to have, like you said, those big guys. Yeah. To have that kind of money. You see a Larry Ellison, his wife went to Michigan, he intervened and got Rice Underwood to flip from LSU to Michigan.


Yep. Dreamworks. SKG, Spielberg, Katzenberg and Geffen. Right. Which one went to USC? Because one of 'em has a, a SPI school named after, I think it's David Geffen, but it might be Kassen Dreamworks. Yeah. Not Pixar.


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special. Our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter from our Minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky hug. Today.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you wanna keep up with us and here is Y App. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I Couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Cooper Flag Sports, 18 points in his second round win of a Baylor. The Blue Devil finished the first half on a 12 oh run and the wind did the, the run didn't slow down after the half asserting their dominance in a 89 66 win. Cooper Flagg was once again the best player on the court. Finish it with 18 points, now rebound 60 cents in a box block while Tyrese Proctor added 25 points and shot seven of eight from the three. Duke have been dominant and has shown that they still can win it off. You're absolutely right, don't you? They look like the most impressive team that I've seen in, in the tournament. Hey, unc. From top to bottom. From top to bottom in every phase on the court in transition, on offense, on defense.


Everything about Duke looks phenomenal. I'm not sure. I think they might be the anomaly. I might be using anomaly in the wrong context. In the instance where I'm talking about Duke might be in one of the teams where regardless of what day it is, they probably will be everybody. I'm not, I'm not sure who can compete with them or contend with them. You would probably be better versed, well knowledged in the game of collegiate basketball to tell me, is there a team that can actually challenge Duke George? Based on what I've seen so far and based on what I've seen during the regular season. Right. Hold on for a second. What'd you say? All of 'em went to USC. All of 'em have schools named after Schools attraction.


Yeah. So we're not surprised. So that's how USC is able to get got be able to flip, get George data after you won to B Nikko Award that pit and get him to come to USC. But Cooper flagged he looked good. I mean, hey he, I mean you watched him at high school at Mount Verde. Mount Verde Yep. And he was sensational and he hadn't disappointed. Yeah. He looks like he's gonna be the pre presumptuous number one overall pick in this upcoming draft. Oh. So he not coming back. That man ain't coming back. You wanna go to the n You want to go to the NBA? How can you get hired in number one? I can see if he's gonna be like a a a end of end of the lottery pick. Right. He's gonna be number one to do come back to do what?


Hey, it, it, it is so funny watching, watching, watching him play today and, and watching Cooper flag. He just reminded me so much of myself when I was in high school. Our game is very similar. Very similar. He can, You know, he can, he can score, he can score from anywhere mid-range. You know, he put the ball on the floor, take people along, You know, in the post back, You know, back to the basket. I mean, just it's, he can shoot the three a little bit. I mean it's just very re reminiscent of myself. Mm. You know, in high school back in 1991. And it's, it's a joy to watch. It's a joy to watch Somebody say Cooper flag the best prospect since LeBron did you not just see win come out last year. So he's a better prospect than Wendy.


You feel comfortable saying that? No. Hey listen, one thing about, one thing about us in general, people in general society, we are prisoners of the moment. Absolutely. Whatever, whatever is hot right now. That's what it is. And you forget about some of the great players that have come in the past. Hey nigga, my dog tidy. What's up Baby boy? You could, Hey, you couldn't let you couldn't let me get no more, no more moments. Huh? You been good. He say my auntie say my auntie had me for 10 days and I was ready for her to leave Ocho So she scheduling. So she don't wanna be sharing no chicken tenders. She don't share nothing.


So I was ready for her to go. You good. Inflate Ocho players are complaining about overinflated basketballs. Here's a list of the players that have spoken out about the absurdity of the ball over inflation in the NCA tournament game. Oh, come on Man. You know he had Sam Decker, Kobe Bray, col, Colman Hawkins, Joseph Gerard III don't connect last year. Armando Kott. Hunter Dixon. What do you think Ocho? If it's something or nothing, Man, man to, to me hon it is nothing. I wouldn't be complaining about the ball. You know, when you were growing up, sometimes you had to worry, but you, you could, you had no control over the conditions. Huh?


You playing outdoor, you play indoor. Sometimes there's no net. Sometimes there's net. Sometimes it's chain net. Sometimes it's a double rim. Yeah. Sometimes the ball is flat, sometimes the ball is full. Either way you adapt, you make the adjustments necessary Now. You see what I mean? Yeah. Now we, we got players that done got the college, now they complaining about the goddamn ball and forgetting how we grew up. Well, I'm not sure how they grew up. They yeah. Everybody, everybody had a silver spoon based on this area that's in college right now. I'm just, listen, I ain't even had no shoes. I had the hooping PE class and a pair of chuck. Everybody's hooping, Chuck. I know, but I'm, I'm just saying I'm still hooping the chuck and they talking about, oh, the ball is too much. And the ball man, if you don't go out there and play basketball and adjust and adapt to the goddamn ball.


What is you talking about man made, Hey boy a chap. That was the check that the saw me Boy, boy, back in back in 1990. Yeah. You look like you played in the sixties. The way you holding that basketball. Oh. Oh, I have an unorthodox drip. You hear me? I got an unorthodox drip. Yeah, I have an unorthodox game. You do. So do you, lemme ask you a question. Do you think that, you think there's something to this? What should the NCH, should they look into it? Should they check the ball? Hey, honestly, honestly, a a as a player, I'm just saying as a, as a competitor, I wouldn't care about that.


That that's just me. Now, I can't speak on behalf of the players. If they're saying maybe the ball has too much air in it. I mean may maybe it does. How should that affect your game in any way? No, when you shoot the ball, don't hit the rim. When you put the ball on the floor, You know what to do with it. No air. A lot of air. It shouldn't matter. It shouldn't affect anything that, that, that's just me. I ain't complaining about no damn ball. I'm going out there And I'm finna hoop. If you are a true hooper, now I'm talking about a true hooper. If you are a true hooper, you adapt regardless of circumstance. I'm, I'm, I ain't telling you what I heard.


I'm telling you what I know. You think the, you think the players that go to Rucker apart, they can play about the ball being having too much air. Well, I think sometimes these arenas are bigger than what they normally play. And I think, You know, you hear the little NBA player saying you gotta get used because the depth reception. Yeah. Because you, You know, you used to play it and, and now they're playing in Multipurposes Arena. And so maybe, maybe that has something to do with it. Maybe the ball could be over inflated. It's a little, You know, go ahead. I I have a question. Don't they have shoot around in college football and college basketball too, right? Yeah. There's plenty time to make the necessary adjustments to your game, to your skillset based on the balls that you were using.


Me personally, I'm just saying they have a right to complain and just something I wouldn't complain about before we have a football game. What is the coach ta to go do two hours before the game? Go out there and test the what? Test Your shoes So You know what shoes you need to wear because you ha you might have to make the necessary adjustments based on the field you plan on. Yep. Come on now we talking about the ball having too much air. Man, we ain't even had no air in our balls in p back in the eighties. And we, I, we, I made do just like that Talking. The ball got too much in it. Man, child. Please man. Come on now. The Liberty Flames got blown out the first route of the 2025 NCA tournament by the Oregon Ducks.


Unfortunately, Liberty head coach Richie McKay, that might not have been the worst part of the night. McKay was interviewed on the sideline by one of the reporters on the broadcast. Ocho take a look at this photo. Yeah bro. Does he not know that? We know that that spray. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Let, hey let young boy live his life man. That's that good Beijing. You hear me? But oh Ocho But if you notice, you can't do, you got, first of all, he got you. You gotta, you gotta cut it down some because you can't have that much hair and didn't have that. 'cause everybody, he got that thing looking like Carlos Boozer. Hey Chad, y'all remember Carlos Boozer went out there and had that face slicked down, Had had a nice little beard.


Hey, hey, maybe, maybe he didn't realize it and maybe 'cause the light. You see the light shining on his forehead. Maybe it's the light from the camera that's that making it look worse than what it really is. So if the Light was glad it got blown out because you can you imagine had it not got blown out and this is a closed game and he starting to sweat. Ooh. And You see something Baptist ministers, them Baptist ministers be up in that pulpit and they got that paper here Beijing that started start griping down. Yeah. Hey, Don't do him like that. Huh? Don't do it Like, Man, just tell Hey Chad, Chad. Know what I'm talking about. They man, he wrong for that, don't you? You can't go out there like, like we, we now, You know what our, our counterparts might even say nothing but I Gary, every black person that watched that has something to say Always.


You know, we ain't gonna let nothing, we ain't listen, we ain't gonna let nothing slide. Especially nothing like that. Listen on national television. Oh no. He got that good Beijing. Yeah. Oh. And you might, Now you see him in church, you ain't gonna say nothing to church. But soon as you get off church ground, you see the yourself. I dunno what he thought that was. Oh. Oh no you can't nothing Ocho you see that when you start getting them colic And you might as well go and cut it down. It's just a battle time. Just Let it go. Yeah. He got them tee talks. That's them tee top. You know, back in the day you didn't have nothing, nothing to convert 'em. You had a t talk. Right. And Like the Camaro. The Camaro. Yeah. Yeah. You go, that's exactly right.


That's exactly Right. C fire. Nah man. Hey and he just Ocho why he just put it, he should went in and just put it all over. You can't just, it's two toned. Yeah. He got his regular hair and then this thing he jet black. Well listen, maybe it maybe it start off. What if it didn't start off that way? Maybe. How about it, maybe it got like that at the beginning of the game. It wasn't like that stress, sweating. And that's how, that was the outcome of it. No, if he'd have been, if he, if that game had been closing, he started sweating. That thing have been all down his forehead. He start, Hey, you remember how Rudy, Hey y'all remember Rudy, Rudy Giuliani, you remember how he started, how he started sweating?


'cause he had that RINs in there, right? Right. And he started sweating and that thing was all over his face. That's exactly what would've happened to him. Because that's that spray that ain't that Beijing I got, I got that color that, You know, I ain't got that rinse here because he ain't gonna sweat. But he got that spray, that spray you can run and start sweating. That's gonna start coming down your face. Wait, hold on Now you just said something. I, you, you said something Y y ain't gonna let that go by. You said you, you, you got the Beijing too? I sure do. For real? Yep. Okay, okay. I like that. Do like that. I Like that ain't, but first of all, there are a lot of people. Got it. You ain't about to be 50. First of all, I'm not Pakistani, I'm not Indian the set, so my hair ain't gonna be jet black. Ain't no damn 50.


Right. And I ain't the only one. There are a lot of more, there's a lot of more phones on television. Right. That y'all must be thinking. Come on now. Hold On, hold on. This what you need to do. Now this might be one of the reasons why you ain't been able to find you somebody, somebody actually won. Now if you in your fifties, You know women love a little salt and pepper. Yeah. So you might, you might, you could stop let, But the damn shirt ain gonna be in my head. You better put it on your plate. Your food, every, every, every chance I get. I'm going Joe. Hey. Hey. Color the thing up Joe. Color it up. Hey, You, you don't wanna, you don't wanna just, you don't wanna let the all what?


Think about how, think about how you'll look though with the all gray. No, I ain't gonna have no all gray. No. Okay. Okay. I would listen, I'm just throwing somebody that just to, just to give 'em a different look. Give, give the women a different perspective of you. That's all. I, I, Hey, the chat has seen me. I I ain't trying to fool nobody. I mean, y'all seen me a couple of times when I can't get back home or get it colored. Hey. Right. I got that great coming in. I mean, I don't know what it is. Right. He damn edges. Hey unc, I'm telling you, you should try it one time. Hey somebody, somebody used AI or something and, and change unc hair color the ingredient. I, I just wanna see how it look. You, you might like it man. Women love a little salt and pepper, man. You know that, that just let them know that you seasoned.


I am. Hey look, I'm 50 cell mocho. Yeah. So Uhuh, but I, I don't know. Now you can't do that though. I mean, like I said, hey, if he'd have had it all one color, if he'd had it all that we, we'd have still know we probably wouldn't have noticed it as much. Right. Right. But like a lot of times they do that spray, they have the edge edges crispy. So what they do, they use that spray to get them edges crispy. Right. So it's a little darker than the rest of the head of the hair. But that's too much. You got that thing looking like shoe polish. And I don't know if you have shy shoes on Joe, but my grandpa used to have me and my brother shine his shoes And we had to shine our own shoes. So yeah, I don't know if y'all noticed about that shoe polish, but hey.


Oh man, that's funny. That's funny. Everybody that is funny. Ocho the threepeat is complete. Yeah. Arguably the greatest hurdler in history Grant Holloway grant is the first athlete in world indoor championship history to win three consecutive 60 meter hurdle titles. Me personally, because Roger Kingdom from Georgia with the high school, he was a tremendous athlete. He won the Olympics, I think he won 84 in 88. Alan Johnson won the champ, won the, the Olympics. I think if gr if Grant Holloway can win another Olympics, I think he'll go down to the greatest hurdler because he has three world championship outdoors. Yeah. He has three indoor, he has a Olympic gold medalist.


If he can snag one more. Yeah. And then, but I'm not so sure because he's in a a a, this is a a, a world championship season here. I think now he's dead set on that, that that world record. He's won. He's he's run 1281. Yeah. Which is 0.001 off of Aries Merit, Georgia boy who has the world record at 1280. So I think if, if he can get that world record and get another gold, I don't think it'll be, I think it'll be unquestioned. He's the greatest hurdler ever about that. And we say we have to, You know, to have that world record. Yeah. Colin, Jack, Allen Johnson had it. Colin Jackson had it.


The Chi the Chinese guy wan he had it. Yeah. Di Robles from Cuba. He had it s married took it from him. So it's gonna be interesting if Grant Holloway because Yeah, his explosive start, he gets out. You're not beating him out the gate. No, you're not beating him out the gate and he's flowing. So yeah, his His his time. His time. And I mean, listen, I've been watching Grant The Flamingo, that's his nickname, Flamingo. Yep. That's what we call it Holloway. For, for, for a very long time. One of the greatest hurdles of all time. And I'm sure he's probably going to achieve being the greatest hurdle of all time in being able to get that 12 beat that 1280 at, at at some point. So I'm, I'm, I'm happy for him, grant, I know you're gonna see this.


I salute you. You know, all your hard work, You know, we, we go at it back and forth on Twitter sometimes and in person and I'm, I'm proud of you man. I'm proud of you. Yeah. Coach Prime and Asante Samuels got into some beat this weekend. Ocho Hey I, hey I love this boy first. I love this. Asante responded to the NFL network's video coach Frank hating on the tee step. I can't stop laughing. How foolish he sounds. You can't control everything, sir.


Hey, What's up? Listen, there there can I, can I go? Can I go? Yeah, go. I like it. You know how I'm a fan and an enthusiast when it comes to beautiful db play the T step and being able to gather step and get out your break. There are different skill sets for different players. Yes. What makes him comfortable depending on what you like to do. Dion Sanders, his ability to get in and outta breaks his phenomenal. Yes. It's phenomenal. His anticip, anticipatory, anticipatory skills are phenomenal. Yes. Understanding the tendencies and what routes are coming based on down and distance alignment, whatever it may be, is phenomenal. Another great one. And Asante Samuels, whether it be man, whether it be zone bump and run man to man, his anticipatory skills, again based on down and distance is good.


He's the greatest tee step of all time. And he has the numbers and the stats to prove it. Now you have two of the greats, you have two of the all time greats that are going back and forth based on a specific skillset and technique. One work, one might not like it, but the other likes it. So the way Dion used to get outta breaks, it worked for him and it works for other players. Right. Everybody can't do the goddamn t step. Like it's not Samuel, huh? Right. Everybody can't do it. Other players or other players that played even the back. You have to gather. Yes, you have to. It's like there's some receivers that can get outta breaking three steps. Then there's some that gotta get out in five.


There's a difference as Soni SA is one of the few that can t step and, And I think one of the things that prime that might be bad about the tep, if you tep and it's a double move, well you ass out. You ass out because you not even, you not even gathering. You just taking that one step and getting up outta there And you just driving. Right. So if he's fake and make a double move, I mean it, it's gonna take you forever to get up, get back outta there. I think the, Hey, that's a hard argument man. From two, from, from two of the best to ever to play the game. Yeah. But it's a good one. I I like to hear your your, your expertise on that. I think the thing is time is looking at as no wasted motion.


What do we talk when we run routes, what are we saying? No wasted motion. Yeah. Make every everything look The same. We we get into that break. We want our arms here or we want our arms here. Yes. Yes sir. You want your body, you want your over your toes. You know I'm saying you want that, you want that weight distributed over your big old quads. So you get and come up outta there. Yes sir. No that, none of that. Yeah. Yeah. So in other words, time is saying by 10 stepping, that's wasted motion. Right. And what we're taught. But coach told me, say son, he who hesitate is beat. So time is coming in there coming. I'm coming right now. Yes sir. Yes sir. He Said when you open that guy's already down the break. Cut. Think about you gotta do this.


Yeah. Now you gotta square back up and go. Yeah. Okay. And go. That worked for Asante. I think the thing is that this is what I'm gonna try to teach. Now if I see I'm trying to teach this and the guy can't get it and he is better at t stepping, I'm gonna let him t step. But, and it, it is a funny thing. This is funny thing about Asti Samuel. Now this is, this is when it comes down to technique. This is what son was so goddamn good at Asana play inside leverage. Right. He'll play off on purpose and no matter how you weave him, the thing why he can tee up so well and still be in position to make the play because that mother Oh I almost cursed. I'm sorry on you. Got you. I'm, I'm so excited.


Hey Asan, you can, you can come at him and if you, if you, if you weave inside and he gonna weave, but he gonna stay square the whole time. Right. He not opening up. He not opening up. He gonna stay square, stay right in front of you the whole time. If you, if you weave outside, he gonna weave right with you. Right. And so when it's time for to get outta his break, if you make any kind of move in front of him without stepping on his toes, the ball is going the other way. Yeah. I I've seen it. I He the guy you got double move. I'm double moving him. I'm not because he gonna sit. Yeah. He gonna squat. He squat a lot. Yes he has great, like you said, he had great anticipation but you gotta double, double move him and a lot of things because he came up in the Coach Belichick system.


Yes sir. Is that what I, what he did is like no matter what you do, if I got inside leverage, I got inside leverage. Yeah. If I got outside leverage, I got outside leverage. So what you do don't impact me because I gotta be outside leverage no matter what. So if you're doing all that stuff, I got outside leverage, I got outside leverage. You run the bang, I can't stop it. Right. If I got inside leverage, I don't care if you gimme a nod outside, I'm standing inside, ain't gonna do with me. Yeah. It's just a matter of your technique. Yeah. It's that what we try to do, we try to keep our technique as sound as we possibly can. You can Right. To do to eliminate wasted motion. Motion. Right. And so prime commented crime, say sir foolish, LOL God bless you my brother.


Tell them what this is really about. Sir, you forever taking a shot at the sky. Mickey Andrews is responsible for teaching us what I teach and it sure seem like it worked for us. Peace be still. Yeah. And, and, and This set up a Hold on Joe, let me, lemme ahead. This set up a bunch of tweet tweets from Asante. Ain't no shot to own the ed brothers competitive as they come. I talk ish if it offended you coach Gene Chizik taught us how to tee step. I'm just trying to compare film. You can't run from the debate. I will still be here talking ish. LOL God bless you Here. Here's a yearly reminder, not let us excuse pick sixes.


168 game 53. Dion played 188 games. 53 interceptions. Three playoff interception. Two Super Bowl Asante 51 interceptions, seven playoff career interceptions, two super bowls, 50 plus interception, 94 path. Please stop saying they don't throw his way. Asante, I love you bro. I love you. I think you're phenomenal, but you're not in Times realm. That's not even close. You're not nobody. Nobody will ever say Asante Samuel and Deion Sanders in the same breath. You are fabulous. That's the greatest corner they ever put on, put on pads in a helmet.


The karma, the lockdown. Where do you think the term came from? Where you say where you think that term ca Ocho Do you realize where that term came from? Yeah, the cover corner, the shutdown down corner. The cover. One side of the field. When he took the listen when, see sometimes people like when I say time locked it down, there was no safety in the hole. So if you ran the post, go back and look when he picked it on, on a Rocky Ismail, he got it man to man. Yeah. They threw a post with nobody in the hole. Yeah. Time ran, jumped over the top of him and picked it.


Yeah, I remember that. And put The ball and came back this way with it. Asante, you are fabulous. Yeah. You not time man. You can put all these stats up, bro. You not time. I get it. Your technique, you say the T step worked for you. Good. Ocho And I try to explain what we try to do And we try to eliminate wasted motion. Okay. You felt that the T step would serve you better than to start the back, the back pedal. 'cause everybody is up underneath them and come forward. You felt the T step gave you that a bigger burst. No problem. Clearly at work you were a pro bowler. Yeah. You won Super Bowls, you got 50 plus interceptions.


Yes sir. You just not time and it's okay. Yeah. Yeah. I I, I think I, I like, I I love Prime and what Prime was able to do and, and the class and the bar that he set, but I don't want it to, to, to take away from how Special Z was as well. Yeah. But he was, he was. Yeah. How, how special he, he was. But there's level, there's levels Ocho Yeah. I, I know, I know it's level, I know it's levels. But I, I, I need people to also understand as great as Prime was, I'm not saying Zant is on that level, but we need to, to give Z's flowers so people understand how difficult it was to put up the numbers he did. Yeah. And during the T step and how good he, and how good he was technically that that's, that's, that's all I'm saying.


You tell me the cornerback that's played, that shifted the ball of power. He goes to San Francisco. They beat Dallas. Yeah. He goes to Dallas and Dallas beat San Francisco. Right. He shifted the ball of power. What I understand. Yeah. Yeah. I understand what you mean. That's why I said the greatness that is prime. Yeah. He, listen, he stands alone. We, we, we, we know that, You know, but one thing that we always do is we always go to the numbers. We always go to the stats. No. So, so I Don't look at the stats. I look at what it played. I watch tape. Oh, okay. Okay. Hey, but hey, but listen, now if, if we talk about watching tape Now you, you, you look at 22, Hey boy, he done, he does some special stuff out there now.


Oh. Oh. He, hey, now his his clue, his ability to diagnose. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hey, to know what's coming before. Oh, to know. Hey listen, Z's ability to know what's coming before co before it comes and gambling at the right time and breaking on balls. But see, sometimes numbers, sometimes numbers fool you. Yes, sir. Darrell Res, how many pix he got? How many people you think taking Asante over Rivas? You see how numbers are misleading? Ocho do re you think Reba's got, I don't know how many interceptions does Rebus have? Does Rebus have 30 interceptions?


Yeah. I'm not Them. Reba's got 29 picks. Now I want you to tell me Ocho you played against both of them. I see. I like to say, I like to go to the man that played the man, not the man that know the man that talk to the man about a man. Right. You plead against both of them. Yeah. Tell me what you think. Listen, don't, don't, don't, don't do don't do me like that. As, as as, Hey don't do me like, as the defensive back myself. Listen, I'm, I'm trying to give praise. It's Sunday. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to give praise and worship where is due. And I see it's a hard battle for, it is a hard battle for Z to win because we talking about prime and the comparison of the two in 99% of the world won't allow the comparison to happen.


But what I'm gonna do is, is I'm gonna get on my, I'm gonna get on my soapbox as receiver. Listen as a receiver, yes, I understand how special and technically sound young bull was. Now I'm not trying to compare the prime. Prime is on a different level. He's in a different stratosphere. But I don't want that to take away And I want people to No, no, no, no, no. I don't want to take away how great Z was and what he was able to do. That goddamn t step and his ability to always stay square is why he was so good at it, as opposed to other dbs that open up right away so they wouldn't be able to t step anyway.


That there, there are very few dbs. Right? Listen to me real quick, Chad, listen to me. Prime is a great one. Fuss was the great one. Pat er is some of the young bulls in today's game. In some of the old, some of the, some of the dbs in the old era, 95% of dbs, 95% of them play the position not to get beat. Yeah. And there's 5% that play to make a play. Another thing, Ocho Prime is in that. Yeah. Zone is in that. And it's, You know, it's a few others. I'm not gonna riddle off no names, but there's a difference.


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special. Our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter. From our Minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky hug. Today.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You Forgot to save Woman Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune to our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I Couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times people have great techniques. You watch guys in warming up. Yeah, ba ba get in the game when they go to get somebody sloppy in the mug. Yeah, it changed up. It you see guys Running around Ho Cho. Yeah. Hey, they hit that kid roll the 12 and that speed out Clean. They do that over. Hey, over the top back. Ooh boy. You see that dagger? Yeah. As soon as somebody in front of them, dude, what, what happened? What Happened? Yeah. It's funny, it's funny. You, and anytime, anytime you put a body in front of somebody, most of the time your, your technique goes, it goes away.


It it goes away. The ability to operate in the same fashion you do on air with the body in front of you Yes. Takes such extreme confidence and not just your belief and your skillset, but your technique as well. Look, I like, like I said, that's not, I mean, look, just because you're not, it's like a receipt. It's like if somebody said, well, he ain't Jerry Rice. Well, who is that? Ain't, that ain't no shock. Right? It's like when I had Ken Griffey on my podcast and he was, he goes see his son play and if the guy was like, Hey, he ain't Ken Griff, he ain't, he ain't you.


Griffin looked at him and said, well, who named five players that are, ah, yeah, okay. Asante Samuel isn't Prime, okay. Named five dbs that are, that's not a slight, right. Asante Samuel was a damn good. A great, he, he was a great corner because you're not prime. That doesn't deduce you. Right. That's like saying this. Well, he, he wasn't Joe Monte Montana. He ain't Tom Brady. Okay. Name five. Tom Brady's that quarterback. But what the hell are you saying people get caught up with? He ain't this. Okay, name five that were name five Barry Barnes.


Name five Jerry Wrights that played the receiver position. Name five lts. Name five Aren Donald. It's not a, it's not a guy gets so upset. So what you say, I'm, I'm saying you were great, but there are levels to this. There are, there just is. You could be a great actor. Are there five better than Denzel Zel? So I, I'm just, You know, people get caught up. I I don't get, I don't, Hey, he ain't no Gronk. Okay. There ain't but one Gronk. How many, how many times can say they were Gronk, right? I mean, how many times they can say they were Travis Kelsey. People just get called getting up pick.


I don't care. I'm good. All I can say is this from 90 to 2003, that's when I played. Yeah. Look at my numbers and look at the guys that played in that era. Look at their numbers And you tell me, yeah, I can't do what came, what came after me. I can't do what came before me. But look at my era when I played. Look at the tight end and from that era, And you see what my numbers look like comparable to theirs. Hold on. And I got something even better than that. I got something better than that and I'm glad you said that. I want you to look at the era before me. You hear me stay with hey chat. Yeah. Y'all hear me chat, listen to me real close. Stay with me now stay with me.


Look at the era before me. All the receivers that played. Yeah. Look at the era during my time. Okay? Now look at the era right now. And I ain't talking about no numbers, but there was only 1 0 2 boy. Yeah. Hear me on it is only one of 'em where you Me, until people try to say now, well, who did tie play against? I tell you what, you take any error, you tell me three receivers better than Randy Moss, Tara Owens and Jerry Rice. I'll give you any error. You tell me three receivers that you would take over those three because that's what Dionne went against. So I want you to tell me. So if you want this era, you want Chase Jetta, reek.


If you want to go back a little farther, you want Fitzgerald, you want Marvin Harrison, you want you give, I'll give you any, any error. I'll take Teo, I'll take Randy Moss and I'll take Jerry Rice And you tell me three receivers. That's better than those three take off chat. Hey, hey listen, why, why the, why the chat try to do the impossible. I'm finna grab me a bottle of water, Man. Yeah, look, this was not a, and look and Ty, this is very, this is, this is rare for time for him to get into to a a 10 for TA on Twitter. Occasionally he will, occasionally, if he feels like, like he said, he's called upon he'll chime in. But normally, normally he really doesn't.


It's like I said, I I just think the thing is a different of opinions. Asante did the t step, it worked for him Time didn't he believed wasted motion wasted caused you to give up plays that you probably wouldn't give up. Okay. Two things can be true. Yeah. Thet can work for Asante where time didn't do the T step. Okay? Hey, matter of fact, we can, we can squash the conversation And we can change. We can change, we could, we can change the topic. Whether you gather step, whether you t step. Yeah. Whether you bump, whether you play off, whether you play zone, whether you play. Man Asante say d You know who they couldn't cover? Who Me?


Man. Ty. Ty already told you gonna Press you. Hey, listen man, listen. Hey look. We could be in a, we could be in a phone booth. We could be in the phone booth. We could be in a pri a brown paper bag. Matter of fact, the paper bag could be wet. The paper bag could be wet. Prime couldn't see me. Huh? He couldn't see me with Eric Dickerson goggles on and don't play with me as, Hey listen, I love bolting boys man. Can I love voting? The boy And I love, I love the, I love the healthy, I love the he the healthy banter and competition back and forth. Yeah. The competitive, the competitive nature never goes anywhere, even when you're done playing. I like it. Yeah, it's a good, it is a good healthy discussion.


But y'all can't stop me. Not then and not now. But I, I, what I could never understood was how could time play with that big wide base. Hey. Right. And if you beat him, he was gonna recover. Yeah. He wasn't worried about you running past it. That's laughing. He recover. He, he wasn't running. I mean, maybe one guy probably if he missed a jam on Tyreek, but other than that, he gonna be, Hey, he gonna be, Hey now listen, if he dont miss the jam, he gonna be right there in your Hip. Listen, you gotta think about it. If he miss the jam on Tyreek, that mean the ball gotta be perfect. He gotta be because he gonna come now. He coming the Ball. The ball gotta be perfect.


He coming next time. I a, as a matter of fact, next time we break time, I'm wiggle. Wiggle. And I I like that. I like that topic. Right. He Here. I think they got ke don't they got practice? Un unc you practicing man. Wish y'all have known. I I know we gonna have this conversation. I have hit him up. Who that who that who tie? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That was a good one. That that was a great, that was a great convo. Oh Joe, the Giants reportedly haven't given up on Aren Rogers despite signing Jamus Winston, following Rogers visit to the Steelers on Friday. The G men reportedly haven't stopped their pursuit of the 41-year-old Jeremy Fowler reports that Giants have not given up on Aren Rogers, even though they signed Jamus Winston.


But reading the tea leaves here, it looks like the Steelers are in the pole position to potentially get it done. The giant sign Western to a two year $8 million deal. Excuse me. Hey. Just hours after Roger's meeting with the Steelers Ocho, do you see the Steelers as the proper landing spot or is it the Giants? Oh, that's a good one. That's a good one. Me, I can't really put myself in Aren Rogers shoes, but if you look at the landscape of the offense on where I would prefer to be, Malik Neighbors is nice. Yeah, he's nice. That is one, that's one good one to throw to.


But you got two good ones over there with the Steelers. Correct? Me personally, I would be choosing over there with Arthur Smith, George Pickens and DK Metcal. Let me get some of that. Let me get some of that. That's if I'm Aren Rogers and understand what you gonna do with two dynamic receivers like that. Just get the ball out your hands, that's all. Just get the ball out your hands. I'm not sure who they, I'm not sure who they have in running back Yeah. To take some of the pressure off of Aren so we ain't back there throwing the ball a hundred times a game. But if I was a quarterback, I'm trying to go, I'm trying to go over there with that, with the crash. I call him a crash out Brothers. Yeah.


The Giants doesn't make a whole lot of sense. 'cause why would you sign Aren Rogers and Jamis Winston? And potentially that means if you do that, don't you? Right. That means you're not going to get a quarterback. Right? Oh yeah. Yeah. Maybe they just talking. Maybe that's all smoke and mirrors. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe it's all smoke mirrors because Well, the Giants are going to do, they're gonna need a quarterback for the future. Yes. If they sign at Jamis wins for one year, they mean they signed, they gave two Two Aren Rod is also to a one year. You, you gotta, you gotta make up your mind. You gotta make up your mind. So where did that, so, so if, if, if Rogers goes to Pittsburgh or, so where, where does that leave Russell? Wilson.


Cleveland. That's a possibility. That, that, that is, that's a, that is a possibility. That's The only place I see. 'cause Gino Smith is at the, the Raiders now Sam Donald is at, at Seattle. I'm trying to figure out where else could he go. Who else needs the quarterback? They just put Jones and Indy to challenge, to challenge Richardson. Right. So I'm, I'm looking at the landscape on show. I'm trying to figure out where can he go. Yeah. That, that, that, that, that's it. That's it. I really don't like what they did. I, well, I kind of like it And I don't like it from a, from a competitive standpoint, I don't like what they doing to Richardson. But I also like it because now that you have somebody to push you and, and Vy for your job, maybe that gets you to play at a higher level because Now you have something to worry about.


But also sometimes it, it is pros and it's cons to that too. 'cause now what happening, if you press whatever, what happen if you try too hard, but if you try not to make mistakes instead of just playing freely, I think it'd do more harm than good when you I I, I think, I don't think they like, I I don't think they like Anthony Richardson for the future. Oh, Joe, they knew he was a reclamation project. I he was not a a, a high completion percentage guy in college. He wasn't a high, he came in, he, yeah, his completion percentage was lower than Tebow's. And we know Tebow did not have a great completion percentage's that nice. Huh? I'm talking about in the NFL I'm just, I'm just, just the facts.


Right. Just the facts and the mere fact that they went out and got signed. Jones, what's his name? What's his first name? Daniel Jones. Yeah. What does that tell you? And they gave him 14 million. How they gonna pay the backup more than they pay the starter. Right. What are they telling you, Ocho? Yeah, you right. They tired of your wood jive. 14 million. You see what they gave you? See what they gave James Winston backup money. You see when they give other backup money? Hey, And I have question Chad. Listen, stop talking about cousins. Cousins was brought in to be a starter. He happened to be the backup because he lost his job. Go ahead. Can can you, can you, can you ask me something?


Yeah. Why he give Jamus wins? Jamus Winson what one for eight or tooth eight? What was it? One eight or tooth fade. Tooth fade. Okay. So why they gave, why they gave him 14 Be why you think they surmise he's gonna be the starter? No. Or does it have anything to do with age? No, because here's the thing, Ocho the guy's like, hold on. If I'm coming in, they Right, because they want, they want you to know, they want Anthony Richardson to know. Right. He ain gotta tell me to be your backup. Did you see what we paid him? We paid him more than you. Now all this come, come late, leave early. Right, right, right. All this bull the stuff that you been doing, it ain't gonna go no more.


Well, I got A question. Go. Hold on, hold on. I got a question for you. Who the backup in Indy right now? Daniel Jones. Now what did Daniel Jones show us the last two places he was at? He didn't show us nothing in Minnesota because he, he didn't get here. But in The Giants, my my point exactly. So with the Giants, he had flashes, he had flashes of Brice. Yes. I'm, I'm not, I'm not even gonna say and lie, I'm not gonna lie to you, but obviously the Giants were in a position where it was either Barkley at a position that they don't value or it was, or it was Daniel Jones. Yes. So they decided to pay and they decided to pay Daniel Jones. But the small symbol size and what we saw from him, I mean, he ain't the goddamn answer.


He not ain no disrespect to him. He not the answer. But I think that it's a good thing. Again, like I said, there's pros and cons to it. You bringing some competition. Most players, if you're a competitor, oh man, this sucker ain't finna beat me out my job. No way. You Ain't finna beat me up my job. I, I welcome you. I welcome this challenge. You talking about you don't believe in me. I got you. Hold on Man. I wish they would've thought about drafting, bringing somebody in Ocho you and your third, you about to be in your third year and they bringing a quarterback in Ocho. Man, please. Yeah. That better be you 10. You 12. You 14. Okay. Now that's different.


You know, You know the third year is you're making a break a year, right? Yes. The third year at any skilled position is the year you have arrived where it's gonna let us know if you've arrived or not. Either you got it or you don't by that, by that point. So I'm assuming right now the Indianapolis coach feel, You know what, we don't feel Anthony Richardson has it just yet. So we gonna bring in someone else that maybe can take over. But what we saw from the person they bringing in to take over at one year for 14 million ain't the MF answer either. But here's the problem that you're running against Anthony Richardson. They're like, I gotta make a decision. You see what quarterback's making after the third year? Okay, I see what you're saying.


I need to know. Right? I can't, I can't see, I can't invest $300 million and I'm still you can't still be a project. Right. With $300 million guarantee with that kind of money, you can't Ocho so they gotta make a decision. And if he's not, I gotta go back into the draft. 'cause I'm not gonna pay him 300 million. Right? I'm not, you see what? You see what you, you just saw what Joe, what a a a a Josh Allen got. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Come on. We can't do that now. We can't do that. Now I understand what the quarterback market is, but Anthony Richardson, when it's his time to get paid, he's not gonna be one of the quarterbacks that reset the market like a Josh Allen or Joe Burl or Lamar Jackson.


Let see, CJ sra, let's see what CJ SRA get. Oh, now CJ SRA is different. That's my point. Now You, Now you see my point. Okay. Okay. If he's the guy, I've got to pay this number. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. That's all I'm saying. Okay. Now being the starter and having to pay for actual play is two totally different things. But still, even, even if that, you gonna have to pay him in excess. Is he gonna be worth, okay, Sam Darnell got three years, 105 million. Are you, you gonna pay him 35 million a year old Joe? And still be uncertain, eh? See, that's the point. Hey, listen, the quarterback. Hey, that Mar.


See O Joe. You can't pay that guy five, $6 million to be your starter. It's in the thirties. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Ooh. In a tough spot. I'm, I'm hoping this is his year. I'm hoping this is his year. You gotta get it. A and And I know you gonna see this. Take it in stride baby. Take it as a challenge. Got You. Do what they looking for. The


Volume Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco Consumers


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture, we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special. Our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter. From our minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky. Hug today.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its me. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.