
Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did.


Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive. And 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com. The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house.


Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today Ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Green Bay Packers turned the ball. Turnovers halted a comeback attempt. The vacuums dominated early but had to hang on Minnesota score touchdowns on four of first five possessions. Sam Donald threw three touchdowns but the Vikings seemed to leave, let their foot off the gas. We see a lot of that. Had a 28 22 leave with more than 10 minutes left. Love through for 202 yards and three touchdowns in the final 15 minutes. Set career high in passing yards. 3 89 touchdown passes with four completions 32. But he wore fav jersey to the game. And just like fav. Three turnovers. Hey, you Need to stop dog. You need to stop. When when threw three turnovers, he, he had about six touchdowns though. Brett.


No, Brett, throw your pick. Keep on going and smile at you. You know I played with him as a rookie in Atlanta. Brett was one of a kind. Still is level of life. He didn't That's what Buckhead, that's what Buckhead was. Jumping time. He that play. Yeah, but he didn't, he didn't. He didn't. What say Buckhead was jumping back then. It ain't, it ain't popping like that no more. No. Magic City was jump back there but Buckhead. But anyway, imagine City still popping and city still popping. I dunno. No, I ain't been to the strip on 30 years. I was 17 for me but I went, I ain't been to the strip on 30 years. How long it been Chad yesterday? Ain't I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I can't tell you the last time I've been to strip club because I ain't trying to spend no money when you come in there.


You know what I don't like. I don't mean to get off track. Huh? And y'all chat. Y'all stay with me now when you go to the strip club and you purposely, you stand in the back because you don't wanna spend no money. But they still come stand next to you. Yeah. And try to ask for a tip when they come off stage. Yeah. If I wanna tip you, I walked up there. No, but they make me feel uncomfortable so I ain't go back I The wings. You no mad. You gonna take care of you no mask. No you didn't stop though. You ain't wing you Man. I thought you said you were done. You said you were done. My bad. My bad. No, you walked into that one.


You walked into that one man. See this is why. This is why we can't have nice stuff. Y'all see what I go through? See what I go through Jack. This why I can't call it this. Why I can't call it because this is what he wanna do. He all the time. But you know, guess what? It's gonna be two cats, you know, gonna be there. Aint joke. I'm gonna be here every time you gonna be there. Hey, no matter what, we gonna be there good or bad. I'm gonna be here And. we gonna tell the truth. You know that dad boy if the foot Oh, oh.


I was just, just say what you want. You want come over up week or so because go, because you gonna be relentless. You'll be relentless though. And you know Oh yeah. You already know. They the Chad though know too. The Chad know. Yeah. I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad it wasn't me 'cause I couldn't afford to do nothing like that. I couldn't afford, I couldn't afford to do it either. Me either. You, you y'all, you, you in a position of power, you in a position of power prime you in a position of power. I ain't, I ain't, that's a lie. Listen, I ain't, I ain't got, I ain't got no more room for error boy. I ain't got no room for error. It's not a, it. Things that used to be an error is not an error anymore. It's just judgment.


Mm. It's all it, it's judgment. Yeah. Used to be a hero. Now it's judgment. Right? Yeah. The jets lose to the Broncos. Aaron Rogers bam. Annoyed at solas. Comments on offensive cadence. Let's take a listen to what Aaron had to say. Uhoh, thank you. It's one way to do it. The other way is hold 'em accountable. I mean, we haven't had an issue. We've had one false start. Morgan had one false start, I believe until this. So, you know, it's been a weapon. We use it every day in practice. We don't, you know, we rarely have a false start. And to have, I don't know, five today it seemed like four or five. Yeah. It's, it seems like an outlier. I don't know if we need to make mass changes based on, you know, kind of an outlier game.


Oh, that's not good head coach. One thing. Start playing saying something different. Ty. I be s I'll be on the cross. That was me. Hey man, they gotta get on the same page. I don't even wanna comment on that. They gotta get on the same page when they need to. When, hold on Joe. When has he, when has Rogers ever been on the same page? He marched to the beat of his own drum, bro. Y'all know, you know that he marks to the beat of his own drum. But you can't be called out your head coach out there. You can't, you can't do your coach like that. He's always cut that. You can't do that. He's always done it. When when has he not done it?


And see that's what happens when you are great like that. You got MVPs, you won a Super Bowl. Ain't nobody gonna say anything. Oh, hold on, hold on. Let's get this straight big fella. Everybody on this thing was great now. Yeah. Ain't we ain't liking greatness on this call. No, no, but I'm saying But you don't the time, you know how when, when it comes to the quarterbacks, the more, the more, the more hardware you have, the greater you are, the greater people are willing to sweep what you say, what you do under the carpet. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. Stop. You ain't never sweat nothing For us. Wait a minute. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Now you gotta forget who's saying it now. You change the quarterback that makes a statement like that.


They ain't sweeping nothing. No. Get away with that. That's My point. Thank you. Stay with me. That, that's my Point. Yeah. But but but when does it, when does it stop? Never. Oh, Never. No, no, no. Every one thing about it. Everybody in this game has a shot clock. Oh Yeah. Oh Yeah. They'll tolerate. Everybody in game has a shot clock. Guess what happens? It happens to everybody. They'll tolerate you until they can replace you. That's right. Did you not see what happened in Green Bay Right. With the quarterback before Aaron Rogers? Did you not see what happened to Aaron Rogers? They will tolerate you. Go back and look ab situation in Pittsburgh.


They will tolerate you until they can replace you. And when they replace you, they done. It happens. Ab Shannon ain't talking about you because you know Ab and Shannon. I just want, I'm trying to say you ab be relentless on this man. That's my dog. But you know what? I love you though. That was Shannon. Shannon. Shannon said he sorry. No, he, he ain't wanna talk about you. The one thing, the one thing I've learned about you, what you told me is that hey, block that noise out. You know who you are. Somebody. That's right. Somebody saying this about you or calling you this, you know that's not who you are. So why does somebody that you, that you don't even have no dealings with saying something about you bother you be like, bro, you, but see it, it's the attraction.


It's the attraction. Most people are attracted to hate. I'm attracted to love. Show me you love me. I got you. I'm a I'm attracted love too. I got you. Listen, I'm attracted to love too, but I need a little bit of hate. Huh? Prime. I like a little, I need, I need a little bit of hate. I need a little balance. Like on Twitter. See, you probably got pedals on your bed and you ain't got no pong tape. You probably wanna be spanking all. I I got a whole dungeon. I got See I don't wanna hear that. I'm just, I'm just telling you about me. You got, you Got, you got a swing set. Ain't for the baby. Yeah, I got a swing set. You wanna see it? I got a swing set right now. No, I do not wanna see it though. I don wanna See it. Wait, I, you know what Che, for those of you you saw the movie 50 Shades of Gray.


That was my script. They took, they took the field I sent in footage. I was supposed to be Christian Gray. I was supposed to play that part. Right. They, they took, they took my script and the footage I sent in visual reference to show them what I could, you know, what I had and what I could do and what I do at home and my little dungeon. And they went and made a movie outta it. I sued to know You. Sad thing about it. Sad thing about it. It's the little truth to that what you saying. Yeah. That's the thing. They don't understand. Yeah. It's a to every good joke, right? Truth absolutely truth. Listen, Listen. I truth listen one thing about it, my last name att Heart. And I don't tell no jokes. I lie for you before I lie to you. Well y'all, hey, I'm clean. I'm clean as they come time. You know me. I'm clean as they come time.


A little dirty to me. Couple weeks. Sounds a little dirty to me. Oh Lord. Birthday. The commanders get the dub in Arizona. Jayden Daniels looked like the real deal time. He's been sensational. You know what, cliff Kingsbury, well somebody say Cliff Kingsbury. Cliff Kingsbury. That is the engineer behind this ship. He was doing the same thing and it didn't work out in Arizona. Okay. Cliff Kingsbury is a brilliant genius. Let's get that straight. Brilliant. Look at what he did. He had, he had Johnny Manzel when Johnny won the, won the Heisman, he had him And.


we need to go see. Yeah, he had Pat Maha, he had ma homeboy. You saw the one thing. Ain't no denying his ability to coach quarterback and his ability to call plays now. That's right. There's no, no questioning that. You look what he did. That Kyle, Kyle was rookie of the year playing extremely well. Kyle got it hurt his knee. You know, it takes a quarterback a while, especially a quarterback like Kyler because he's so reliant on his legs, has an unbelievable arm. Can make all the throws. But now he's kind of got his, he got his legs back under. But Cliff Kingsbury and what he is doing with Jayden Daniels 26 or 32 33, 1 touchdown at interception. They ran the ball for over 200 yards.


They totally dominated Arizona. Okay, stop that. You run the ball for over 200 yards. You can't stop that. And you 26 for 30. You can't stop that. He completed, 82% of it passes through the first four games, which is an NFL record by a long shot. First four through a four game stretch. And I'm, I'm proud of it. I love it. I love it. So I don't, man, I didn't think, I didn't think Washington because I'm always leery of jumping out there. Especially when you start the rookie quarterback time. 'cause a lot of times you don't know. I mean he had 55 college starts 55, not 25. Because a lot of times these guys come in, they red shirt, they play a year or two and they go straight to the NFL.


They got 13, 14 starts. This young man has 55 starts. Right. And that's probably why he looks as Po as he does back then in that pocket. Yeah. Yes, yes. But the commanders, any he he's resilient too. He's resilient because they was hating on him at Arizona State was hating on him. Remember teammates. And he's resilient. He, he stood up to it, went up there and took, he took the Heisman. They ain't give him nothing last year. He took it. Yeah. He went and took it. And I, he still going and I love it. Command Lee, lead the NFC East with a three in one record. Two in way, two in one away. 42 14 over the Cardinals.


Young Hoku. Wow. Kicks the Falcons to a win over the Saints. Who you say Young, what was his name? Young. Who? Young. Young Way. Hoku Ho. Who? What? No, you ain't what you said dog. What? I said young HoCo. You talking saying no you can't, that's not they name. What's the name? Who, who you talking, talking about what? The falcons what's the name? Young, young way. A young ho Young Waku. You see what I'm saying? Don't try to change it now, dog. You gotta stop. But look how it was. Hold on. Look how it's spelled. How is it spelled?


Y Okay. How to spell Yung? How they spell it? Yung? No, they, they, they don't spell it Yung like we spell it. They, I think they spell it Y-U-E-N-G. And so how you know how to spell that? And you know how to spell the other one? No, I, no, she oh as Federal. Oh. Young ho. Cool. She, but see, but it's young. It's she about young Ho. No, I'm saying as producer. You said you said Young Ho. Oh what said ho Hold on, listen to me. Hold on. Okay, Ocho, you flashback O Is that spelled Y-O-U-N-G-H Oe.


What is that spell? Young ho? Who wrote That's that is nobody's real name. And you gonna say it. Oh Joe. That ain't nobody name that his name. That that is not nobody's name spelled like that. You know ain't nobody name spelled like that. That is his name. That's the, well it's that it's pronounced young way but it's fell. Why say no? She put it on there young way. But if you go look at it, it's Y-O-N-G-H-O-E-G-H.


Oe don't make that sound go. You, you always to get what I do. I'm not saying, saying you flashbacks. You gotta stop the five defensive special teams make big plays. The took a 24, 23 lead. What? He Chad young ho. I said Young ho. No he the kicker. Oh, I thought you were talking about there you go two ago. No you, no you didn't db You got my stomach hurting man.


Ed who picked all game committed 30 R Pass in a offense penalty set up the Falcons for Young Wa Kick. He kicked a 58 yard. Now you beat, now you wanna be on kick. This is the second victory in Falcon's history in which they scored zero offensive touchdowns. Two or more defensive or special team touchdowns. The last time it happened week 9, 19 77 in a win over Detroit. Wow. I think Lehman Bennett was the head coach back then. They had a good defense back. They had a good defense back then. You know. Hey man, we weren't even born you crazy. I was in Atlanta. You know they had Buddy Curry years old Cotton.


Cotton. Do they had Billy White shoes? Yeah, they had Steve Markowski. You know shoes take that serious. Right? He really wore white shoes. Absolutely. If you see I've never seen him without white shoes. White dress shoes, sneakers. People don't understand. Billy White shoes was taking this serious. Yes. Go ahead Chad. Where you got a finger up for Chad? You ain't at church? He probably go to the bathroom. I ain't never seen a man poop that much like a old man. He must have took Madam or some p prune juice or something. He stay in the bathroom junk. Hey, y'all Got me in tears. I had to me Paper towel Joe Burrow and the Bengals get their first win over the Panthers ocho your BALs playoff predictions still alive.


Joe Burrow put together another solace day completing 22 or 31 2. 32 2 touchdowns. One pick in the teams rushing attack. Chase Brown, Zack Moss combined for 131 yards. Two touchdowns on 30 attempts. Ocho your team. Yeah. What you thinking? Listen, listen. The Bengals look good today. Obviously we did play the Panthers. The Panthers. Listen, I said some things about them before they, before they played the Raiders. Obviously Andy Daltons in is in there now. They look decent. Deontay Johnson had a good game. Xavier Legett, you gotta show up for your quarterback babe. You gotta, you gotta hold onto some of those balls mgo. Y'all gotta do. Listen y'all, y'all gotta show up My Bengals. We won a game.


But again, people will say, oh, you won a game but you played the goddamn Panthers. That's no disrespect to them. Disrespect Wins the win We needed. We, we needed this game. We needed this game to get some continuity, to find some rhythm. Jamar Chase. Boy you look good boy. That's a grown man. Ain't listen. This is fine. That's a grown man. You pay, you pay a receiver like that. 'cause you get the results you get today, you take it ain't pay. Nah. No, no. But again, he showed Jay why he should be paid to keep doing your thing Season. Yeah. In this day and the age of the bag for a guy to be playing and he hadn't got his bag. And everybody else has that. That's, that says a lot about his character, man.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All they gonna cross the, he oh, he about to leap, he about to poll vault over over Justin Jefferson. That thing gonna be 37, 6 37 next year. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. What y'all think about the, the, the couple cats in college. It's not a couple. Everybody experienced it. Now it is the whole thing of guys getting to that fourth game and they want to get in the portal. Just like the gentleman from one the college are quarterback said UNL. Yeah, yeah. Oh man, look. Yeah. All I would say is this is getting in writing a young man, he took their words that, Hey, I got 105 for you, you come here. Right. Okay. He gets there and they've only given him 300, bro, run me my money.


But see, we always gotta stand down south money outta sight. Cause a fight. Yeah. I need to get that now. You gonna have to gimme 50,000 of at a time when I show up. I need to at least, at, at least I gotta get half the money. But you know what? But, but the bad thing about it, man, it's really turning into a real business. Oh yeah. And it, it's taken away the, the realness and the truthness of it. Like, like you, I knew a lot of people was gonna go through something because I know what we go through and you know, we, we can't do nothing up under the curtains. You do, you know that behind the curtains, whatever, because we have a few guys that wanna come in and they wanna talk to you about getting a red shirt. And some of 'em was actually playing and I know everyone else was experiencing the same thing.


If we are experiencing that. And that's tough, man. Yeah, that's tough because now you know, you granted, then next thing you know, the guy jumps in the portal on you and you try to look out for him and you said, oh, so you played me. Yeah. And you gotta be careful with that kind of stuff, man. Because it's everything now. Everything is everything. Now it's, it's, it's totally different game, college game that y'all played, man. It's a very different game. And, and people like, they upset at the kid. No. Oh, you don't quit on your team. Nah, run me my money. Okay, tell your boss, your boss, I'm gonna pay you a hundred thousand. And when you show up to work and you work for like three weeks and you ain't got no check and you, I was like, Hey, no, you gotta do for the team now.


No, that young man was promised something. He was promised a hundred thousand. Now the, the, the mistake that he made time is that he didn't get, he didn't get it in in writing, in writing because he trusted, he's 18, 19 years of age. He's trusting that adults would do the right thing. He's learning a valuable lesson at a very young age. People lie and they'll tell you what you want to hear to get you where they want you to be. And then, oh no, I don't blame him. I'd have left too. Run me by money or I'm leaving. Stay foreman DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow.


Tackle these situations In stride and, and yeah, of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things.


Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five n. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion X six se long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Four more details.


Let's pop in. Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bose.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video this Thursday. It's an NFC South Battle. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers face. The revamped Atlanta Falcons join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kayleigh Hard Tongue for this crucial divisional matchup. You know what's crazy about the Bucks is most people, when Brady retired wrote 'em off. I know I was guilty, but Todd Bowles has proven pretty good. Head Coach Jason Light, one of the best GMs in the NFL. And let's face it, the bucks are just good. The Falcons not so sure. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Atlanta. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bucks and Falcons at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


You know who I have a problem with in this situation? I have a problem with the agent. Mm. Not the kid. The kid is being a kid. He's doing what he's talked to do because he's in there just trying to play ball. He trusted someone to handle his business to handle this contract at the collegial level. And they didn't. And they didn't. So I don't want to hear nothing from the agent at this point when I should have been hearing a lot from you earlier. You shoulda you in week one, week two before we played the last two scrimmages something because that's just not right. But this is where we are in college football. Wow. Coach beat the Steelers. Anthony Richardson suffered a hip injury. Joe Flocko finished a perfect 12 for 12 on short passes, zero to nine yards in the air, 109 yards, two touchdowns and Sundays win.


Justin Fields is just the third quarterback in steel. His franchise history to have 300 plus passing yards, plus 50 Russian yards in a single game he joined Hall of Famer, Bobby Lane and Cordell Stewart. Bobby Lane is the hall of Famer, not Stu Beef that the man is playing some good football. So what did they, what did they miss in Chicago coaching? He's playing sound football culture. Listen him that him and him and Arthur Smith. That that that relationship, that maturation that they have where he's playing to Justin Field's strengths. Not asking him to put a cape on like they were asking him to do in Chicago.


They were asking him to put that cape On and be Superman and save the day that that wasn't him. But is it fair to a kid like now once you're gone they go out and get several pieces. That's what I told O can help you. Yeah, that's not right. They, they go out, they, they, they draft a wide receiver Roman Duney, they trade for Keenan Allen. They go get running back. Yeah, they they surrounded him with pieces that they never gave Justin Fields. And then they went when he have, well you didn't give him the talent. Look at what y'all gave Kayla Williams out the gate. He got three quality receivers, quality, tight end. Now he had Cole commit was there. But I just think a lot of it is coaching.


You get these quarterbacks damn the head coach who's gonna be coaching him time, who's gonna be his offensive coordinator. That's right. Who's gonna be the guy that's continuously and constantly in his ear. That's what's important. That's right. That's right. You get these you defense and mind and head coaches and that's not a, I like a, I've won both ways, but that position, you need somebody that can tell, that can communicate, that can get on his wavelength and tell a Kinesis whatever he a they're they're pattern reading each other. I'm thinking just what you're thinking. You're thinking what I'm thinking. He didn't have that right. Yeah. They, they and that's tough Gone real Well listen, three weeks, no turnovers.


You know, I'm, I think, I think he might have had a turnover today, but yeah, he one isn't it? It's, it's hard. How gonna play how y'all think it's gonna play out with Russ? Oh, Russ ain't gonna see the field Not long unless something happens to Justin Fields. Look, I know what I got with Russ. I've seen, I've seen 11 years Body of work, Justin Fields. I believe it. I believe at me. That's me personally. I'm just saying I think Russ is healthy enough to play because how my, how my thing is time. You are not healthy enough to start, but you're healthy enough to dress out. I told he just like having his uniform on and being a part of the team uniform on.


Can't I love Russ? IIII just, I just want rush Russ to end. Right. You know, I really want, I I like everybody to have a nice landing man, a nice safe landing and I just want my brother to end right. 'cause I got love for him and I just feel like he deserves one more chance. Especially with the quarterbacking around the NFL right now. Deserve one more shot they can use, they can use him in multiple. So how does it play out guys? Because you know, he, he, he's making a ton of money right now. Pay him a ton money. The Steelers. Only him I know, but what I'm saying is that's up next year. Yeah. So what, where does it go?


Idea Depends. I say I what, I dunno if Big payday is on the horizon. I don't, I dunno, I'm not saying a big payday, but what I'm saying is I precluded by saying I want him to have a great landing. Does he get his great landing or is he off the television or whatever? I think he get a great landing next year. I'm trying to think working. I I think Justin Fields would probably be the foreseeable future. The quarterback for the Steelers and Russell Wilson gets another shot somewhere else that needs a quarterback, needs that veteran presence. Someone that knows what it takes to win someone that's obviously a Super Bowl champion. He gets that opportunity next year because there are plenty now. Now. Okay, now, now let's let's add the business in there. I like what you're saying Chad.


'cause you know you gonna always take that. I you always take that lane. I know you great guy. You always take that lane. But what is that worth? Is it like when you've been making 30? It's hard to make between one and five. It's hard to go down to five to six dog or nine. Like it's hard. It's hard. Yeah. Can can you can, can I tell you something real quick? Yeah. As a place out west, right. That could, that could use a quarterback who, they don't have a quarterback. They don't have a stable quarterback. Who? They got owner. They got an owner by the name of Mark Davis. Yeah. They got a, they gonna probably have a high round draft pick too. We good. We good though. Oh good. Leave that alone. Leave alone.


Okay. I appreciate that. Appreciate That. Appreciate that. And that's the thing, Ojo, you see a lot of these, a lot of these teams, they're letting these young guys play now. I think, I think that's a blessing and a curse is that they, when they remove everything, it says, okay, go play. And these guys don't get, you know, some of the, the veteran leadership, the understanding, some of the knowledge that they can partake now because I gotta find out by that third year, because the guys that's coming in this year, the guys that's gonna come in in 2025 draft in 2028, you have to cut 'em a check for 300 million.


It's just that simple. You a 65, $70 million is gonna be the going rate. Yeah. I can't be wishy watch. I can't be wait, can he play? And I make that kind of financial commitment because you're gonna have to probably guarantee him about 120 to 150 of the 300 million ocho Least, Least The problem is if you got these young players coming into the draft And, if you getting them early and you don't have the motherfucking tools and pieces around them, chances are they not going to pan out how you want 'em to pan out because they don't have anything to operate with to begin with. I agree. Well, you gotta do your own thing. You got them Coming into the organization. You, you need them to be your savior. That's not for to work.


Yeah, but I had never seen nobody say I learned a lot by watching the game. You learned about plays. I ain't learned nothing. I ain't learned nothing. I mean I, I think my first couple games in Atlanta, you know, they was working me in because I was just fresh off a baseball field at the corner position. And I like, Hey man, I ain't learned nothing. You put them young quarterbacks in there, you throw them boys to the fire, you throw them boys to the sharks. Especially when they're, they not mentally built for that. Then you get mentally on for that. You're percent correct. They gotta be mentally built. First of all, why are you taking them that high and they ain't mentally built for that. Well you, You'll never know. You should put 'em in a situation where they don't got nothing around them. Look what just happened. I ain't even gonna say it. I'm not even finna say it, but you know what I'm talking about.


Yeah. You know what I'm talking About. Yeah. Confidence is gone. Gone. It's gone. Yep. Right. Mannerism, body language, the way you talk. That's why you gotta do your homework on these cats before you get 'em. See a lot of times too as well, you got a cat. This is what happens. You got a cat that played two years of high school started because even started with a junior senior now ain't go to college and play two years and start it when junior senior, you got four years and you throw 'em out there. What you think gonna happen man. Yeah. What you think gonna happen when they start rolling coverages and they are giving you complex defenses and you sitting up there, you ain't never seen that before in your life, man. And you got nobody talking to you and thinking about now you, you calling a play that takes you 35 seconds to even call the dur and play.


I don't know where they do that at no more. Like what, what, why does it have to be like that? 'cause they want, it don't have to be 'cause they want the offense to seem like it's so unique. They gotta face if it ain't, man, we got plays called debate, Lil Wayne, Snoop and everybody know what to do. Yeah. But you know, they want to have you got a kid, you got a kid that can learn a whole rap song and it just came out and, and that. But if you start putting that complex in a play, because that's his culture, that's his nature. You gotta let him work within that. But I I never agreed with these plays that that takes you 40 seconds to even recite that.


Don't, that don't even make sense. I agree. I agree. Then you got all these offenses in college football running tempo and they getting off during the eighties 90 snaps because they just hold, they're holding, they holding up a phrase or they holding up a pitch of something. Right. And they know what that means. Everybody know what to do. The bears get a, everybody know what to do. Go ahead. You wanna say something? No, I was thinking about it. Holding up a picture of something and y know, you know exactly what to do. Thes get a win on the pleated Rams Deandre Swift Knight through the Rams defense to tune of 93 Rush yards on 16 carriers. Swift also led to bears in receiving with 72 yards on seven catches.


Swift generated more than 165 total yards four than he had in weeks one through three combined players reportedly asked OC for offense to be more aggressive. DJ Moore has now caught a touchdown for from three number one overall draft picks. Caleb Williams, baker Mayfield and Cam Newton. Wow. Crazy. Can the bears, can the bears turn this thing around? I mean, what, what, what's going on? What are the, what do the Bears need time if, if, if, if Virginia McCaskey and they wanna come to you and say, coach what you think we need you, you know when, when you've experienced a lot of losing in historically in an organization, you gotta go in and get that thing from the root man.


Yeah. And make some significant changes because people seem to think it is just the guys on the field that are losing. It's the whole darn organization that's losing and it's a losing mentality. And, if you don't get that messed up out your building, it's gonna be a problem. It's gonna be consistently there. You can't just flip a couple people, a few people and it's gone. No, that's not the answer. You gonna have to root that thing. You gonna have to get that thing from the roots. Wow. And they've been losing for quite a while. Yeah. The fruit of it's the losing. Yeah, but what's the treat? The the root of it is why we lose what the root of it, what's, what's, what's bearing that fruit?


Something has fruit has to come from somewhere. They just don't fall out the sky at the time. But yeah, You, you already, you already know. Listen that when it come to organizations, even though the roots when it come to trees is at the bottom, when it come to organization, it start at the top. Well that's where the root at. That's that. That's that's the sun. That's the sun. You know, helping that grow. Yeah. Bringing heat. The Raiders. That's what that win without both Max Crosby ankle and Devonte Adams hamstring. The Cleveland Browns dropped a one in three by losing he yet another winnable game. The Browns allowed 99 yards rushing on 20, on 20 missed tackles tied for the most of any defense in the game this season. Jets week one. At this point.


This is very, this is gonna be very tough. And I What did Brown gonna do with Deshaun Brian? We've had three, we've had three years. What they gonna do? And, we keep saying he just need a little time. He need a little time, but he don't look like, he don't look like the de it it, it is gonna be a tough one. I I do think that they have ways to get out of a deal. This is what I heard. It's not what I know factually. I've heard that. So I'm pretty sure they already start thinking of that before the season even commenced. And it's gonna be a tough one for them. They're going to go in another direction if they continue this.


Yeah. I just Does it look fixable? No, I haven't watched him play this year. Well, I did watch the first game. He doesn't look, he doesn't look the, he doesn't look the same time. He just doesn't, he doesn't look the same. And I mean, I wish what you think I wish, I wish I could say, you know what if he had, he had, I mean look, he had in Joe Ku and he had, and I, I get it being off a year because his last year in Houston, he didn't play. So that's a year off. I don't you get better by playing football, not just practicing football. You need to play. Okay. Then he gets suspended for 11 games. He plays the five games and say, okay, then he comes back next year, the following year he gets hurt. Like what? Week two, week three.


And he misses a whole nother season. You, it's hard when you are professional, forget the profession to take that kind of time off. Dr. Ella, Dr. Andrews doc doctors, they don't take no two or three years off from doing surgery time. They do surgeries every day. Multiple surgeries. Right. To to sharpen and to hone that craft, that skill. Well, Deshaun is, has played what, five games, seven games in three years. I, I, I just don't, but that's another, that's another organization that you look at and say, wow. Like come on now.


What's going on here? Yeah. It's another one of those organizations. You know what's funny? And it it that that's, it's one way to say that. But then you also look at how f Flaco look and what he was able to do in that five six game win streak. Yeah. And that offense looked different. It looked completely different last year once he was at the Hamm. And it's like, well hell, if Joe f Flaco can come in here and do it and all the receivers, you know, they catching balls and you know, doing all this stuff for Mark Cooper balling, then Deshaun should be able to do it. So I'm thinking about Yeah, But are they calling it a different game? Like you gotta think about all those facts. Are they calling a different game? Hold On, wait a minute Now. So if you have Joe Flaco, who's the back quarterback to me? I would think the goddamn playbook is, it's it's open, but it ain't open.


Like it's open for Deshaun Watson. Who's the actual starter? You gotta play playing. Yeah. It may be a different game. You think So? It may be. Yeah. It may be a different, a different, it may be that happens. Yeah. But because they're two different quarterbacks can't call, we can't call the same game that we're calling for our backup quarterback as we call for Shado. It's a whole different game. Hmm. And. we say it like that. Deshaun is mobile, Deshaun is athletic. Joe Flacco is prototypical Statue of Liberty. He ain't going nowhere. I'm will play cover five. I ain't worried about it. Where he going? Where could he He ain't seen it all though. But he seen It all.


Yeah. Yeah. What, What, what, what coverage that he seen know how to study knows how to study. Yep. I mean, you know these old school man, old school cats, they, they, they know stuff and he played in big time games. He's won a Super Bowl. I mean you look at his playoff resume, it is very impressive. It's very impressive. He was a drop touchdown away from going to probably two Super Bowls that Lee Evans remember time he hit Lee Evans right in the bread baskets. And then the kicker missed A-A-A-A-A-A kick that would've probably could've possibly sent the game to overtime. Joe f Flaco post postseason Joe Flacco. If he had played like that the record season, he'd been a hall of famer.


That's right. I mean, he'd be, I I just, I just wanted de do so I do man. I want our guys, I want our guys to be successful because he's a very likable guy. Very likable. CJ SRA leads a sec. His second career, fourth quarter comeback. Good teams win despite, despite not playing their best SRA may plays in the final possession, capping it off with a one yard l to Enrique's brother. Right, right. I generated 3 45 fancy yards and two touchdowns as they come back and win against the Jacksonville Jaguars.


What was that score? 20 to 24. Hey, time we gotta do something about Trevor Lawrence. Trevor Lawrence missed too many easy throws though, Joe. I mean he got guys wide open, open he ride it don't look good. It don't look good at Jacksonville right now. Rattle, he rattled a little bit. I look good at Jacksonville. Jacksonville. How about, how about Jacksonville for Fort? Oh, that's a good way. It is a long way. That's a long way man. It's a long way. I ain't going back to four miles. No way. I love my four miles, but my mama and them here, they downstairs right here. Trevor Lawrence was 18 or 33.


1 69. Two touchdowns. He was only sacked once they ran the ball. 24 1 58. But he just, I mean, too many throws. He got Brian Thomas for a touchdown. He's, I'm like, bro, you gotta hit some of these. You too. First of all, yeah, if you, if you only get psyched once, that mean it's not a tremendous amount of pressure, pressure on you or you getting the ball outta there pretty quickly. You, you gotta hit it. You, you completion percentage should be much higher. Yeah. He 18. He's 18 or 33. That's not good. Yeah. And they ran the ball. They run the ball for what, five yards over? Six, six yards of carry. Yeah. You running the ball for six yards of carry.


You only get sacked once. Why is your completion percentage you need to be in the 70%. What's their record? What's their record running? They four CJ was 27, 43, 45. Two touchdowns, zero interceptions, clean game. They ran the ball over a hundred yards. Nico College 12, four buck 51 in the touchdown. Stefan digs five for 69. He did have a rush. Touchdown.


OG Walle also had a touchdown. Dalton Schultz had a key third down conversion Mechi. But man, what you call him, Mr. CJ just got it. He just has it man. He just has it time. I, I love that kid, man. I love what he stands for. I love his presence. I love his command at offense. You know what, some guys just go to better situations. Yeah man. We just gotta be honest. Some of you guys just go to better situations and it's tough. It's tough on those guys that don't because they get the blame and their career is a, is during the set to be over and it's not even their fault man. And they may never get another chance to be that start.


Because if you think about it, he went there, they had, they got Nico Collins, they had Tank Dale, Noah Brown was there, Dalton Schultz very solid, tight end. They ran the ball Pierce last year. They kind of upgraded that position with Mixon and the guy that came in, who was that? Cab Acres. So they've had, CJ has had players around him to help him succeed. You see they played some defense though dog. They played some solid defense. Man played defense. Defense. They played some defense last year tremendously. And guess what they did? They went out, they had stingley. They they locked him up. They get the guy from from Minnesota. They brought him over. You know they take Will Anderson Jr.


A high draft pick. Yes. Right. So they man, they look, they, they, they legit. They're gonna, they're gonna, they're gonna be a problem. They're a young team and I love the, because they're gonna have to put this thing together. 'cause you know, CJ well first of all that that, that first of all that division is not tough. No, let's just get that straight. Well they have the best quarterback in that division. They normally, the best quarterback's gonna win the division. That's right. They could take that division every year. Yep. And they went and got him dig. So they had Nico Collins, they got Tank Dale, they got Dalton show. They say, guess what, we going to get you another weapon. We go get step on Won change.


You know what, we gonna upgrade our running game. We gonna get Go Joe. Go get Joe Mixon and Cam makers. Wow. So, and they got a solid offensive line. They got tonsil who's one of the hot, the if not the highest paid left tackle. They solid there, they can run the football are well enough, but they put the ball in CJ hands and say, CJ, do what you do son. He he protected it as in college though. I mean, he, he he's he's not turning the ball over at, at all. No. So I I, I love how he protects the ball. I love what he brings to the game. Now it is time for our favorite segment. OCHO is time for q and a.


We got graphics two times. Check this out. Look at our graphics. Hey, y'all came on. Y'all done came up since last time. Hey you on the back porch because I hear a cricket or something in the backdrop. I am on the back porch. I figured hear them. Damn. Hear them cricket. You hear them cricket? When you doing your thing? Them cricket that night? Hey, that's, that's no phone with crickets at outside. That's outside. No, I'm sitting, I'm sitting on the patio. For real? Yeah, it's be here man. Vivian. Oh, them TVs.


Them TVs on the wall. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I like big tv. This question is for you. Coach. Prime. She's like, Coach, Prime, when are you gonna shave this week? You gonna shave it off by the time they see me next day I'm, I'm a I'll be young again. I'll be young again. Philosophical truth and wisdom. Shannon, you have to be able to take a joke. Bam. Dang. They think he got sensitive. Y'all think he got sensitive? He was good because you was sweating. Now you, you you did go to that water pretty quick.


No, look, Chad didn't go that water now. No, this, this, this tea time. They don't see, he was alright. People don't understand our relationship. So they, they they don't, they don't get it. It's like when I said what I said, oh, I guess he in prime ain't friends no more. He talking about his team. I said, guys, y'all that shall Yeah, you're supposed to. I want you to tell the truth. I don't want no lie. You're supposed to tell the truth. And, we a lie to each other, even like when I'm wrong. No, no, no. But see, the thing about it, they don't understand. You're not personal. You're talking about real stuff that really transpired. It's nothing personal. Yeah. Now when you start talking about me, it's personal.


That's what I'm saying. I I'm talking about the product on the field. That's right. I said he, I ain't tripping. I said what, lemme ask you a question. What y'all think he tell him in the meeting? If we can't run the football, we can't protect the quarterback, we can't stop the run. We can't get the, we can't attack their quarterback. How do you expect us to win? If those are the two, those are the two foundation pieces of any team. You need to be able to run the ball, protect your quarterback. You need to be able to stop the run and attack the other team's quarterback. If you can't do those things, you can't win. Yeah. You know, some people like you just come out there and wanna throw the ball a hundred times. You don't wanna run. Like, that's not the game plan. I promise you that's not the game plan.


Not mine. Hey, get up outta your running back. Lemme just run through the hard defense. Yeah. We, we wanna do that as General Ice said, the first Nightcap episode I watched was Coach Prime episode. And Heaven, miss Nightcap says, my favorite memory was UNC saying I dearly make him. Oh Lord have mercy. Good to see you again. Coach. Prime. You see that? We seen that. I remember that. You remember that? Remember what? Remember that? I mean, hey, look, the one thing talking me the one thing, me, And, we, me and me and time gonna do, now we gonna be down. I'm 10 toes down. He ate. But we, we in there together though. You know what I'm saying? In there, m you see what I'm saying? I know he gonna get in.


You see what I'm saying? You see what I'm, I'm That's, that's exactly what I, what we, we 20. We too 20. But we good now we, we go, Hey, that's what we do. Oh Lord Jesus, man, look, you ain't no good man. No, no. Good. We shoulda time. We, you and I talked about we was before our time. You remember how used to come on NFL Network. You hit me up. You say, Hey, you say I need you. I said, tell me what you need. He said, I need your pay. All I need is one Sunday. I need Sunday, 18 weeks. This was what, this is what he and I talked about doing.


We, we were before our time though, I'm gonna tell you what, I'm gonna tell you who else Chad was too. He came on there with me a couple times too. Oh yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. And. we had fun. I mean, it was, we was just before our time. Yeah. Because we could have been producing our own stuff, doing it the way we wanted. We didn't even know, because I know Chad don't need no script. Don't give him none of that. Just let him be who he is. Yeah. Lemme go. And they want him to read this. Hey, hey man, leave this man alone, man. Let him be who he's, that's why we love bad Ocho. I dunno what you saw. Yeah, we before time, but hey, I show act of fool on that show. Hey, he, hey, hey, I need you to be you.


He's like, just like you. And I be joking. Bring that to the show. I said, okay. Say no more to you. I'm here. Yeah, I'm here. Yo, are you showing that too? We had some, oh God, we had some, we had some on there. Can't you know, LT was on there. So Lt was just sitting up there. Lt like, these fools are crazy. They're ignorant on there, man. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy says, hi, Coach. Prime. What's the biggest lesson you've learned as a coach that you wish you had known during your playing days? And how do you apply that lesson to your coaching today? Oh, biggest lesson I've learned as a coach. I've known my playing days. Ooh, these kids are different.


These kids are different these days. It's totally different. You can't expect what you would give. Hold on, hold on. Don't ever expect what You would give. Hold on. Stay right there. Now stay right there. Stay right there. I gotta, I gotta write that down. Yeah. You can't expect What you would give. I'm gonna use this way. I'm gonna use this my next argument. That's tough. That's why I can't be no coach. See, Ty got, Ty got, he has patience. And that's the one, that's the number one thing you have to have in surplus, because like you said, look, you know, we go out there, we practice all week.


We go over Saturday morning, we talk about the first 15. We have Saturday night meetings. We go over the first 15, the first, and I'd be Dang if we don't get out there and the first somebody jump off sides, somebody falls, starts somebody. I was like, bro, we've been practicing this. We've been going over these plays here for three days. How you mess it up. And they say, my bad. And this the thing that get my bad, my bad. Oh, you want me to take the blame on down when you jumped outside? No, I'm good. Right? Right. And you, you can't be critical like we used to be because they can't handle that either. Nope. It's a whole different, oh, it's a whole different game. I did, man. But you don't, but here's the thing though.


You don't first anyway. Yeah, but I can make you feel like I do. I can make you feel like I do. Ask my kids, Anthony Blaylock, can you ask Coach Prime, how is he preparing for life after Shado? Oh, you, you, you, first of all, you, you try to get, I know my son like a book, so I know all his ways and the things that makes him who he is. And when you're recruiting, you look for those attributes. Like you can't find another Travis Hunter. But you could get close.


You could find those attributes that he have. He may not be a two way player. You may have to get two guys to be that one guy, but try to find those attributes that he has that's already in it, Tom, look at So life after, yeah, life after, you know, door Shiloh or Bucky going to be with me. He's not gonna leave me. But trust me, I, I don't look forward to that. But it's coming.


State Farm knows. Making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Cultura podcast network. We believe this too, by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ dramas, Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and how to not, you know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I, I started the podcast earlier saying, for me, in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ionic five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric, or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three to three mile driving range for 2024 I five se SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects and materials for 10 years or 100,000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owners manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. For more details.


Well, it's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bs.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video this Thursday. It's an NFC South Battle. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers face. The revamped Atlanta Falcons join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this crucial divisional matchup. You know what's crazy about the Bucks is most people, when Brady retired wrote 'em off. I know I was guilty, but Todd Bowles has proven pretty good. Head coach Jason Light, one of the best GMs in the NFL. And let's face it, the bucks are just good. The Falcons not so sure. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with the football's best party. TNF tonight live from Atlanta. Not a Prime member, not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bucks and Falcons at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details


Time. I remember, help me understand this. And I'm not just talking about college players, I'm talking about more the NFL player. The NFL players used to say, we want guys that have played the game, played the game at a high level to critique us. Okay? Because what they saying, you never played the game so you don't have the right, okay, fine. Now you get a guy like myself, you get a guy like ocho, you get a guy like Cam And. we offer what I believe is fair, but harsh criticism. Now we get labeled as haters. I'm, I'm gonna tell you something, and this is profound. You have a unique personality, which we adore, and you could do that and you are one of the greatest.


And you could do that. Chad and I, we can't do that. And, and I don't know why, but it's something inside me. It's definitely something inside him. 'cause Chad ain't been talking about nobody, especially, he ain't gonna do it. And, and I don't really talk about corners. I don't do it because, you know, I'm, I'm big brother, I'm the og. So if I talk about him as a rap, I, I I we that ship over. Yeah. So I was always so cognizant of how they felt that I could never, I could talk about a receiver all day, but I could never talk about a DB man. Right? I I just couldn't say, man, this guy, ain't it he getting killed.


I I couldn't do it. If Chad ain't gonna ne he ain't gonna do it. He, he gotten better though. He's gotten better. He's gotten better though. I, I, Yeah, I've gotten better. I've, I've gotten better with being critical with, without having to be as harsh as I should. So I've gotten better. But you know me very well and uncle, I told you I struggle with that. Yeah. And a lot of people, a lot of people get on my case, you know, prime about, oh, you can't be on this, you can't be on this show because you're not very critical of people and you won't say the things that need to be said. But Prime, you know, I am, when it comes to talking about people, it's just hard for me to do. That was, That's not your nature. You see the thing about Chad a clown, but he's not finna clown you.


Yeah, he ain't, Chad ain't built like that. He has no hate, no animosity, none of that. Nothing. That ain't his heart. That's not how he's built. That's not how Shannon will kill you and look at you and walk away from you and light a match and throw it on you to finish you off. I'm gonna sit up there, pat you down, get all the smoke off you and pray for you. That's just our three personalities. That's just how we are. But, but you know what time the thing is, it's not. And people like, oh, that you hate. No, bro, all I'm doing is taking my, my experience of playing in the NFL and what I see, and I don't watch the kind of film that I did when I was at CBS because, but there's a reason why God, they say I'm hating.


Don't nobody say, well, that ain't what happened. Oh, that you don't know what you're talking about. They don't never say that Ocho they say I'm hating. They ain't say I'm wrong. They say I'm hating. The only way they see reason. They say that is the tone. Yeah, that's it. Is it? But see, the thing about it, you at the place in your life, you ain't got time for that. I don't, I ain't got time to be trying to make you feel good about me telling you the truth. I ain't. That's who you are. I ain't, I ain't gonna make you feel good about me telling you the truth. You better handle the truth is what it's, that's how idea Fa said. Hey, good people. Congrats Prime on becoming a Poppo. Congratulations Osho Ocho on the Bingos first win. Congratulations, Shannon, on Kat Williams interview has surpassed 77 million views.


Could you please ask Kat and close the portal he opened. I'm done with 2024. I could not have imagined true that, that when I sat down with that interview time that God did. You gotta understand what you've been through in your life and your journey. Come on man. Don't you deserve it? I think I've earned it. Don't you deserve it? But, but I think the thing, don't, you know what helped me the most is that a lot of what was going on with me is that you was right there and you and I was talking about it. And you like, bro, you think God brought you this far to bring you this far? He's like, you favor?


He's like, why they talking? You are still building. You're still accumulating, you are still producing great content. Don't worry about what they say. Worry about what you know exactly. You okay? The people that love you will continue to love you. The people that support you will continue to support you. You'll find out Who was I told? I was, I just had a, had a, did a, a podcast club. Sheha Ocho. My grandfather used to say, boy, the devil will never show up as the devil. Because if he did, you wouldn't do the deal with him. You see, stop Ocho stop Ocho stop. Come on, come on now bring that to me one more time.


The devil will never show up as the devil because if he showed up as the devil, you wouldn't do the deal. You see, the enemy will never show up as the enemy because if he did, you wouldn't allow him in your circle. So therefore you wouldn't, you, he couldn't get close to you or she couldn't get close to you. You have to learn some things. You have to learn, learn. The one thing I can honestly say, right, is that everything that I've gone through and I've talked the time is I, like, a lot of times I be going through stuff and he would pick up the phone and call me. He didn't even gimme an opportunity because he know I was seething. And he say, yeah. He said, look, yeah, that jokes, but there's the little truth in the jokes that they tell it. He said, but hey, yeah, let it go off your back.


It'll a it'll, it'll be, it'll percolate for a, a day or two, a week or two, but just don't respond. Just let it go. That's right. But that's what was like, like after Kat is is that what I mean? Nobody had a problem with anything. I said anything that I did until a cat came along and then all of a sudden it's another level. John, there's different levels to this thing, man. Like, when you start to affect and infect people lives, that stuff is real. Hmm. Like you, you, you have a true voice amongst our people right now. And it is a mighty voice. You gotta take that serious. And the devil ain't playing with that.


He trying to destroy your character so people won't believe you or trust you or find Paul in you. Oh, that's what they do. That's the, that's the, that's the wildes of the enemy. Everybody, you know, like us. Okay? You know what mean by us try to attack our character, man. Hmm. So our people won't believe in us, or they won't look up to us or out for us that they'll try to destroy us. That's the attack. Or they give you enough resource to let you kill your own character. Well, they ain't of that yet. I'm, I'm sure trying to get, I ain't gonna kill my character, but they, they gonna gimme some enough money that I tell you what, I'm gonna leave, I'm gonna leave the sharp family.


You take a shot at it, we gonna kill it. But you take a shot at it, I'm gonna leave the sharp family a lot better than what I came into and I'm gonna leave my community and, and Savannah state a lot of other things a lot better than it was. I promise you that. So my day coming. Amen. My day coming. D Talent says DJ Florida State Quarterback says how FSU has falling from undefeated season to his aby season. Say he still loves football Ocho when mean ocho and and time when you see a guy, he left Clemson, he left Oregon State, he left, he's at Florida State now, is that a red flag to you when a guy has this is his third university and say what, three years?


Is that a red flag to you, coach? No, not, not anymore because of how today's football in the portal works. So it is really not anymore. It used to be once upon a time, two schools. Was it? That was too, too many. Yeah. So it's not anymore. You just gotta really examine and ask why you gotta ask those true questions when you have a guy on a recruiting trip. Okay, I know you're in a portal, but let let, lemme know why, because I already talked to them. I already talked to your old school. They told me why. I want to hear your why, you know, why you in this portal. So this stuff is complex man. And you gotta really get some deep down interviews with these kids to find out what's really going on with 'em. Because sometimes they didn't leave the way you thought they left.


I think They, they, I think some of 'em keep running. They keep running from competition. That's true. They Don't wanna compete. That's a lot like that. How You go from Oregon, the Clemson, the FSU. So me, based on what you look like this year now it makes, it makes me believe you running away from competing. Yeah. But the thing about it, every stop this gentleman has made, he's been a starter, right? So he's he's won the job. So he's, he's won the job. But Is he, is he winning the job based On winning the job and holding onto the job is two different things. Ty, You put the thing in, you Put the wrong thing in water, ain't gonna taste like tea.


True. Okay. Just understand that now. Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on the wrong thing right now. Hey, you know the wrong thing And water. Yeah. Don't expect tea because boiling water could have two different effects. Ocho it'll soften the potato but it'll harden the egg. Come on Ocho, I'm done. I ain't giving you no more Ocho, I'm done. There, there, there you. I'm done. Time by time by ocho. Let's go. We gonna keep it moving. Boy. Where got that from? He got that. What you say you about salt potato, hard egg.


Yeah. You see we were doing so good. We were doing so good. We were doing so good. You know, Hey, Hey, that was a good one, Man. Hey, hey. Gimme that, gimme that, gimme that boiled water line one more time. What? Hey, it'll soften the potato or harden the egg. Boiling water. It's a boiling water. Two different effect Harden. One soften the other. That's right. That's a good one. That's a word right there. Boy. That's a word. He got a word, man. I'm dead serious. No, you no, no, no, no.


When it comes to me, you ain't never serious. Don't always serious man. No, don't let it fool you. Chad. Don't let it fool you. This is him. This is, this is the Coach. Prime not the one that you'll see with his arms folding. He got the bike turned up that hey, know us three need to take a trip. We need to go on a vacation together and film everything. Now that gonna Be funny. Hold on. Where we going? Where we going? We gonna Columbia. Oh Lord, Columbia, I wanna go to Houston. I wanna go to Houston. Let's go to Houston. I wanna go Houston. Ain't No for me. There ain't no tripping going Out outside.


Hey, hey Prime. Well, Houston a trip boy. I know Houston, the trip Dallas is too. Houston Lord have birthday. I know. Okay, we go to Columbia. Columbia, I got some, I got Our dollar. Our dollar is more in Columbia. Yeah. Yeah. But what, what we, what we spending it on? We find something. We just gonna get us, we gonna get us a place on the ocean and have a, have, have, just have a great week, man. Bring us cigars then Want y'all. Look, I promise you, if if when, when he was at Jackson State, if we'd had, if we had a reality show, I wouldn't even wanna do tv.


No, We wouldn't have to Over same day. Right now, I guarantee you, we go somewhere for a week. The three of us is, is gonna be interested. Oh yeah. Yeah. It gonna be, it's gonna be eight. It it's gonna be interesting. We looking like three different ways. Absolutely. We look like three different ways. Completely. Completely. Yeah. But it, we, but we come to the same conclusion at the end of the night. Like, we look at it three different ways. Man, look here, man. It was an unbelievable show. Chad. Wanna know when is a coach coming back? Hold on. What?


How many he'll be back. He'll be back in probably. Yeah, I'll be, I'll be back. He'll be back. Hey, hey, you, you got any, you got any job openers? Yep. But you ain't gonna do nothing. You ain't gonna do right? Hold on, man. I'm just trying, I'm trying to diversify my portfolio. You know I got about 37 11 jobs right now. I know, I Know. And I'm proud of you. I got A lot of 'em. But just, but you, You really good at this because you're really good teacher. You're a really good Teacher. Right? But can you teach what you did? No. Yeah, Yeah. There you go. I, I come matter of fact, and the kind of teacher I am, I don't do it by, by with words. I put the cleats on and actually show. So I come out there, I show, I come out there, I route Travis ass up and then I lock him up.


Yeah, but what if I get mad that you ride Travis up? I put my cleat on. You can't do no eight toes, man. See what I'm saying? Gonna set up for that. I ain't gonna take, ain't no good y'all, man, look here. I ain't going, I'm found out right now. I ain't going nowhere with y'all two. I don't want no part of that. I will stay right here in the States. I'm gonna let y'all two have that y'all. Hey, y'all FaceTime me. It's the only time I lie y'all two to FaceTime me. I no, I want no part of that Shit.


He'll be back up. We get it back in a couple of weeks. We get it back in a couple of weeks. We'll, we don't wanna over, we don't wanna overwhelm, overrun, overstep our welcome. You know, we get him a couple of times a year. So holy shit, we, we gonna get him again. We, we definitely, we definitely gonna have it back on. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Guys, thank you for joining us for a very episode of very special episode. Coach Prime of the CU Buffs. They're four in one, right? They're four in one. Big victory yesterday over UCF. I'm very proud, very excited for him. And when he hit me this morning, say, Hey, I'm coming on. So I, I passed the information on to Ash. And so guys, it's always a joy to have one of the, the one of the great NFL players coaching at Colorado, who his second year got them playing extremely well.


Tom, I really appreciate you coming on Night Cal, but Ocho and I, it's a, it's indeed an honor and a pleasure to have you on, man. And hopefully you guys enjoyed it and know what a, a wonderful treat that it is because he doesn't do a whole lot of these. And for him, And, we was, I was like, okay bro, you just want a segment. But he said, no, I wanna do the whole show. He's like, well, hey, I wanna be up on the screen when you guys are talking. I want them to see me. I don't want no segment, but I wanna do the whole show. So time. I really appreciate that Ocho and I really, really appreciate that. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite uncle Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite number 85, the Liberty City's own, the route runner extraordinaire, the bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Ocho guys, make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from and remember every subscriber counts. And, we thank you for counting so much. Thank you for helping us matter because of you, the war that you see behind us, we could not have done it without you. Thank you Shea by La Poitier. We have it in stock. Hopefully by the end of the year we'll be in 14 to 16 states. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, you can order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Thank you for your support. Or Shea by La Portier. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms.


That's she media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. UNC and OCHO ts are back. I repeat Unc and ocho ts are back in stock. And, if you ordered merch in the last three weeks, it started shipping out last week. Again. Thank you Coach Pry for joining us. We greatly appreciate that. Derek Henry and Lamar Jackson lead the Baltimore Ravens over the Buffalo Bills 35 10. We spoke to Coach Prime, Colorado, beat U-C-F-U-C-F 48 to 21. What are some other scores here? We wanna chief beat the charge of 1710, possibly lose Rashid Wright for the entire season.


What, what they fear is an ACL injury. The Bucks beat. The Eagles banker had a huge game. Green Bay lose 29 to 31 over the, they lose to the Minnesota Vikings. Jets lose to the Broncos. The commanders do a demolition job on the Cardinals and the basically the Falcons walk it off. They kick a 58 yard field goal as they beat their division rival New Orleans Saints and the Bengals get their first win OCHO with a win over the Carolina Panthers. Yeah. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm up, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after Monday night Football.


The Volume.


Sure, the Hollywood Reporter makes it easy to stay on top of news about film, tv, fashion, culture, and the business of Hollywood. But to make it even easier, head to thr.com and subscribe to our newsletters like Feinberg Forecast and be in the know on the latest about award season or sign up for today in entertainment for a good sense of what's happening in the industry. Our THR charts newsletter highlights what content is trending and worth watching and where to find it. Head to thr.com for all of those and more and subscribe to our newsletters today.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right, the biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League has giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus. Head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab head headphones and I am totally hooked. Jlab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds luxe over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones, look for the J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart, best Buy and more, or visit j lab.com


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway. Know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando. Just think about it. The thrills at their 15 world class theme parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these ear buds. Have good sound be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out b.com.