
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC Terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


OCHO Cal Murray announced a partnership with Cod COD Call of Duty. Yep. In a statement Cal said to the trolls who mean me into the bag. Thank you. Yeah. I'm officially launching my Call of Duty partnership. That's live. That's live. So we, we talk, we talked about Kyle so much. People made complaints about him playing the video game so much it drove him right into right into a sponsorship. Right into an endorsement. Which that that's, that's a good thing. That's a good thing because the way he's playing right now. Yeah. Young fella. Go ahead man. You can play a little, You can play your little COD You can play your little play, play your little video game. Just get the ball to Marvin Harrison, Jr. Baby. That's all you gotta do.


He he's playing good. He playing Good. Okay, go ahead. Whew. I don't even You. Alright. Stefon Diggs made the news today for a very interesting reason. According to academic, his Asics, I'm still a Hey Steph. I know Steph, man. I'm telling you, Steph, if I don't get my Asics that you collab with, I promise you you gonna get what James Harrison gonna get. I'm telling you. I'm telling you I want my, well I wear, I I'm a 10 and a half. It's being reported that his name Stefan, he stepped off in something.


Wait, it's being reported that allegedly Cardi B cheated on offset with Stefon Diggs while she was eight months pregnant. No. How we know We weren't even there. We weren't there. I Don't know. Ojo, You can't believe that You can that I don't dunno if I ocho now your woman, your wife, your significant other, your girl pregnant, that's one thing, right? For eight months. Somebody else girl. I don't, ooh, I dunno, Dar I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't believe it. I don't believe it. Oh. I think, I think it's just that a rumor.


Steph wouldn't do that. I saying would Well a if that's the case, he got the right last name digs because he was Dig it. I got that Ocho my bad Ocho. Bye. Bad Ocho Bye. Bad bye. Bad bye. Bad Ocho. Bye. Bad. I should that that too soon. Too soon. Ocho Too soon. Hey, that was a nice layup. That was a nice layup. I just don't, I just don't know Ocho I just don't dunno. I, I don't, I, I listen, I listen, I, I I I know Steph man. I, I don't, Steph wouldn't, wouldn't, wouldn't do nothing like that man. He, he wouldn't do nothing like that. He wouldn't do nothing like, like that. Like that just come on now. I just, I I don't, I don't even like the rumor. I don't, I don't like the person that even started the rumor to really put Steph on, you know, and assassinate his character like that anyway, in the first place.


You trying, you trying my dog talking about he Come on man, man, little brother don't even get down like that. You feel me? Eight months. Yeah. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. I'ma, I'm, I don't move my man. Maybe If, if, if she, if she wasn't pregnant. Okay, now that's a different story. That's a different story. You know, you know Stefon Diggs is like, he's like the Z like, like Zach, Zach Efron in his prime. You know, all, all the women, all the women love it. You know, all the women love it. You know, you know, he's very fashionable. He's charismatic. He has a, he has a good personality, you know, I mean, mean shit. You know, you know, he, he has this opportunity and, and can even, if there's a, a goal, a a a goalie in net, he can score.


You know, he's, he's one of those he can score. Yeah. So I just, I just don't see it based on the situation and the circumstance at hand. Eight months. Yep. Nah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's what, yeah. Nah, maybe two. He don't know. That's one thing, but eight. Nah, nah. Yeah. Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. But hey, listen, Stefano step Stefan, you know, he gonna have bigger problems. He gonna give, he gonna have bigger problems if I don't get them. Goddamn damn Asics. Oh, okay. Shit, I ain't got time, man. I've been working on these hands too. Hey, it's time for y'all.


Favorite segments spell sco. Are we spelling? Yeah. Oh, a Get loose. Get loose. Well, you know, once I get loose, it's on there. Okay. Your first word is kerfuffle. Truffle. Woo. Kerfuffle. It is a commotion or fuss. Ocho is always getting into a kerfuffle when he goes out. Cur kerfuffle. Kerfuffle. Kerfuffle, kerfuffle, Kerfuffle.


Can you use it in the sentence one more time please? Ocho constantly gets into kerfuffles when he goes out. Ker ker. Alright, I've never heard this word before. I didn't even know it's part of the English language. But what I'm gonna do, based off how it sounds, its spelled, I'm gonna take a, I'm gonna take a, I'm gonna take a whack at it. Okay? I'm gonna take a whack at it. Like I'm Italian ker fle. K-E-R-F-U double PLE kerfuffle. You Was close. I-K-E-R-F-U double F oh LE Kerfuffle. You, you gotta pronounce him right now. I said kerfuffle.


It sound like you saying ker. Kerfuffle. Kerfuffle. See, see we gonna have to bring somebody on you. You country. You country. So I'm thinking it was like puffle puff full and it was fle and I couldn't tell the accent. Okay. How about this? Egregious? Egregious. Egregious. That was such an egregious act. I had to respond Egregious. Okay, egregious. Now I, oh, come on.


A-A-G-R-E-G-I-O-U-S-E-G-R-E-G-I-O-U-S. Egregious. Oh, I said a first. Yeah. So it was E Yes. E-G-R-E-G-I-O-U-S. Egregious. That's what I, I, okay, I, I put, I put a A instead of instead of E. So technically I kind of spelled it right. No you didn't. But anyway, how about this one? Ubiquitous. I what? Come on man. Come On Chad. Am I pronouncing it correctly? Ubiquitous. Huh?


Ubiquitous. Spell it for me real quick. Hey, you, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Use it in a sentence real quick. Use it in a sentence. It's influence, right? It's, Hey, see this is the problem with This word. His ubiquitous influence was felt by all the family. Ubiquitous. Ubiquitous. Hey, most of the time when I had a spelling beat, when I had a spelling beat back in 1987 and I didn't like a word I said pass.


Okay, the word is ubiquitous. U-B-I-Q-U-I-T-O-U-S Ubiquitous. I'm curious. I you gave me a word to spell a word that I've never heard before. Okay? A word that I didn't even know was in the English language. A word that I have never even seen in the sars. So how in the world was I supposed to get that? This Is the easiest word you're ever gonna get. Ocho I'm gonna make sure you get this one right. Okay. What is it? Bat cat Gobbly gobbly gook Go. Matter of fact, I'm gonna probably get it right.


You said gobbly Gobbly gook Gobbly gook. GO double BLYG double O-K-G-O-B-B-L-E-D-Y-G-O-O-K. Gobbly gook. Hey chat. I hope y'all not laughing at me 'cause there's no way in hell y'all knew any of these words outside of egregious. You want one more? Yeah. Gimme one more. Gimme one more. Gimme one more.


Gimme one more. Gimme one more. Whatever this is. I'm getting it right Chad. This is for, for y'all. I promise you, I promise you I got this. I promise you I got this right here. I got this, I got this Shit. I can't even pronounce this word here. Ojo E from Hell? No. Oh, ephemeral, ephemeral, Ephemeral, Ephemeral. So ephemeral, ephemeral. Emo E No, E ephemeral.


E Ephemeral, Ephemeral, Okay. Ephemeral. E-P-H-E-R-A-L-E-P. Hh EI was right, I was right. E-P-H-E-M-E-R-A-L. That's what I, I left. Huh? Hey, hey y'all. Hey listen, you, I'm, I'm not sure who picked the words tonight, but, but that, that, that, that Wasn't, we let the champ pick them. Huh? I said we let the champ pick them.


Okay. It's my, it's my turn. Now I got something for you. Okay, now it's time unc the exact some revenge. It's time for Dunk on Unc Saints edition. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So what I, I went, I, No, you went o So you ain't giving egregious? No. Okay, okay, cool. I ain't gonna spell you either. I'm going on Saint's edition. Which Saints player holds a franchise record for the most rushing yards. Ooh.


Oh man. Yeah, Yeah. I'm gonna go Deuce McAllister And you absolutely wrong. It's Mark Ingram Who has 6,500 yards. How Many Deuce got? I don't know. I don't know. Oh. I don't have deuces information in front of me, but I know one thing. You got the answer wrong. Alright, Number Two, second question. Who was the all time leader in career receptions for the Saints? I mean, it's pretty easy. His son plays now.


Damn. What school did he go to? Did he go to Womba? I ain't telling y'all that now. I ain't telling y'all you all that 'cause two but them words you just gave me for spell. I definitely ain't helping you. I'm gonna go Marcus Col. God damn it. Boy. You got that bitch right? We you Trying to throw me off. Talk about this son play now. Boy. Ocho you dirty? I was lum on Millionaire.


Yeah, dirty. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Listen, the answer is Marcus Colson, he has 711 receptions. Don't worry about it. Okay? You got one right O Why you do that though, Ocho? No, I, listen, I I need you to go over five just like I went on five. Nah, I already got one so I'm good. All right. So, okay, here we go. Who was the Saints leading rusher during Super Bowl 2009 Super Bowl winning season. Who was the Saints leading rusher during their Super Bowl run during the 2009 season? Oh my goodness. It was Reggie Pierre, Thomas. Where's at? Because I logged in. I don't log in. Nah, you must be looking at Y'all.


I plug it up. Y'all know I plug it up once I get logged in. You looking at the chat? You, the Ww The chat answering for you. It ain't even up there yet. I, before you Hold. Okay, here we go. If, if listen, chat, chat. Listen to me. Y'all stop helping unc out man. Putting the answers in the chat. It Ain't in no chat. They ain't even got it up there yet. They just put it up there. I done gave you the answer. Yeah, you, because you got it from them. Okay, here we go. Don't, don't, don't look, don't look at the chat. Okay. Which Saints Player holds a franchise record for? Oh, hold on, hold on. Which Saints Player has the most sacks in franchise history?


Ooh yeah, I'm gonna go Ricky, Jack. Oh, you were absolutely wrong. You were absolutely Wrong Cam. Well Cam Jordan, It's Cameron Jordan with 117 and a half Sacks. 117 and a half Sacks. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Here go your bonus. Here go your bonus. Oh, you definitely ain't getting this. Which Saints player has the most pumped return TVs in franchise history? You definitely ain't getting this 'cause this throw Back. Oh man, what's little dude?


Oh man, I can see little dude now I can't man. He's small. I can't think a dude name. Hey, I know what I, I know who it is. I can tell you what number you wore though. 84. 44. How do you know? I think his last is his last name. Lewis. Come on Ocho. What is it? Oh, you want the answer? Yeah. Oh, the answer is Reggie Bush Poor return Touchdowns. Yeah. How many he got? Oh, I ain't got the number. How many he got? But the answer is Reggie Bush.


Alright, so you only got two, right? Which one? Ojo. You skipped one. I did. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on, hold on. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Which Saints Player holds a franchise record for most career interceptions? Oh, you definitely ain't getting this. You, you know how I know you ain't getting it because I don't even know who this player is. Uhuh don't, don't look at the chat. Don't look. I see you looking down. You looking down a little too long chat. Y'all don't answer Chat. Don't answer Most interceptions it's gotta be way, way back.


Oh yeah. Way back. Way back. Probably the 18 hundreds too. Man. The Saints became a franchise in like 60 60 something. I dunno, Darren Sharper Wrong. The answer is Dave Weer who has 37 Career inceptions, which is a Saints franchise record. Hell no, I definitely wasn't gonna get that. Yeah, you sure wasn't. All right. You got two right? You got two right? Yeah. You got two, right?


Did he Hey that, hey that fellow tonight was crazy man. I ain't but them words. I mean I was, I was real. I was real aggressive with egregious too. I'm not sure why I said a instead of e damn Mike Thomas said George Pickens career low snaps were part of the Steelers plan and the Cowboys lost. Tomlin told reporters, we just wanted to minimize his reps in an effort to get more productivity. We're trying to keep rep management in terms of total totality of the big picture.


He wasn't less of a focal point in terms of our intentions of what we wanted to do. Offensively is no different than we minimized some of snaps of our D lineman like Cam Hayward. It's about snap management. There's no underlying story to be quite honest with you. Pickens was on the field of 34 of a possible 58 snaps. He recorded three catches for 26 yards. The lack of playing time for Pickens was especially surprising considering the fact that he amassed the season high 113 receiving yards in Pittsburgh's 27, 24 loss to end it in week four. Right. He also committed a turnover in that game. Fumbling the ball in the second quarter. What you think Ocho Something ain't right?


Because you don't need to minimize. No, you don't. You don't need to minimize no Man, dude, 24, 25 years old. You you, I get Cam Hayward. Cam Hayward is in his 30 as a defensive lineman. That's a lot of collisions. Yeah. You talking about a wide receiver that's 24, 25 years of age. Yeah, some, some something going on behind closed doors we don't know about. That's it. That's it. He try, he trying to get through, he trying to get through to him and there's only one way to get through to him. I mean, two things gonna happen. Either he gonna fold or he gonna show up to the party. And the only way to get your attention, if I ain't gonna take your money, I'm gonna take your reps and if taking your reps don't work, you know what's next after that. I agree.


I agree. Ocho. Now it's time for q and a Q and a Q and a Q and a Q and a Q and a Q and a Q and a. Kim Bruno Wood Jr. Said, oh, my question is, if you had an NFL team, who would be your starting wide receivers? Mine would be Ocho and I enjoyed watching 85 play every Sunday. Love. Yeah. Yeah. That's me. Kera are we using, are we using current wide receivers or I get to pick any two wide receivers?


Well obviously you need to be picking your cohost. So I'm That's one receiver down right now. I don't know who else you gonna go with. Nah, but you need to be picking me. You complain for the ball too much. I I don't never say nothing. Yeah You do. No, I never, I never, I don't bother my quarterback 'cause I'm gonna be open. I gotta take Jerry any rival receiver, anytime you don't take Jerry. You gotta be out your mind. And I'm gonna tell, you know what? I'm gonna give my brother a spot. I'm gonna let Jerry play the X. My brother gonna play the Z even though they both played the Z I'm gonna have to move Jerry to X. My brother gonna play the Z. Who you got?


Don't. Yo, you gonna start to and Randy or to and Jerry, you and Jerry, you and Randy, you and t Hold. Let, let, let, let's, let's get back to the question that was asked to you. So you picked Jerry and you pick Sterling. Yeah. And you got me sitting on the other side of this camera right now. You Gonna be my slot And you and you said that with a straight face and you ain't even hesitate. You ain't even acknowledged to even put me in you. I'm put you the slot. I'll let you be the slot. You gotta play the slot. I ain't no slot player. You well you Gonna play. I'm a, I'm a I been on the outside. You Wanna play, you got two choices. You can play the slot or You can play the bitch. Now which one you wanna play? Hey, so I mean my two, my two, you know, you, you know how I feel about them two boys, man, I love Jerry.


I love all Jerry is done, but I'm going Teo and Moss man. Yeah, I'm going Teo and Moss Because, because it look somebody gonna get left off. You left off Megatron. Yeah. I, I I like, I like Megatron too. But again, Somebody gonna get left off. Yeah, but listen, Moss and Teo, I know people love looking at the numbers. Forget them numbers. Forget The numbers I'm talking about. I seen that thing up close and personal with my own eyes. Megatron too. But man, something about that man, something about Randy Moss and Teo, we would never, ever, ever, ever see nothing like that again. I'm telling you. Never You, you, you think he gonna see what Jerry did again? No, absolutely not.


Because even, even with, even with the addition, the addition of actual game, the game, yeah. It, it's, it's impossible. 'cause for one, the level of talent and skill is too, it's too much. It's so much greater now. So it's it's it's impossible unless they throw the ball you to every goddamn play. Yeah. Every God play. And you'd have to play goddamn 30 years. But here's what makes Rice numbers so impressive. Rice came in in a running era. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Can you imagine what his numbers would be if you gave him Montana and, and Steve Young, who he had for the majority of his career and they threw the ball like they throw it now. Now. Oh boy. It, it'd be, it'd be insane.


Stephanie Warfield said, which quarterbacks y'all take it to lead your team to the Super Bowl? Sammy Darks. How about Sammy Darts and Patrick Ma Holmes? Bro, y'all stopped calling Sam Donald Sammy Darks. No. Damn Sammy Dark. He he's Earned, he's earned that nickname that shit now. Nah, Ocho you gotta get some time. I mean, I ain't start calling him a homeboy. My homeboy out to jump. You gotta get, you gotta get like four, you gotta get like 10 weeks in. Right. Then You can become a homeboy or at least a year. So he can't become semi darts until week 10. Peyton Manning didn't become the sheriff in one year. Yeah. Yeah. That, that was a good nickname too.


Yeah. Damn. That Was a good nickname. So we just had, we just had that nickname right now. Huh. Lord have Mercy. Ocho you didn't become Ocho it one year, it took you like eight, nine years because you became ocho. Yeah, I I became OCHO in I think year, year five. I, I needed to, to reinvent myself. I, I had to think about, I had to think long term. I had to think longevity. How can I extend this brand long after the game of football is gone? Because the NFL, you know, they, they, they market and brand who they want to. So I had to take matters into my own hands. And, and that's what I did.


And I think I did a pretty good job because in college I was a marketing and branding major. See a lot of y'all didn't know that when I was at, when I was at Harvard. Yeah. I was a marketing branding major. What? You was on farm branding cattle and hogs. I I did that too. I did that too at the day. County youth fair. I worked in the petting zoo Boss lady said all month for this birthday chick Han Ojo. Can y'all wish all Libras and Scorpios and the best boss with the Southern sauce boss lady. Happy Bday month. Chen, check your social media for a message. Boss lady. Happy birthday all Libras. I, I I guess Libras that means Libras and Scorpios.


I guess they're October. I don't, I mean, does, does guys, I mean, is there, do guys really know like anything like astrological? What's that? Astrology? I know I, yeah, I know I'm a cancer. Cancer. Oh, who? Cancer? I think my brother's a a I think my brother's a Aris. My sister's a Leo. That's about, that's about the extent of it. I don't really know like Scorpio or Sagittarius or Capricorn. I mean, I know this, but I don't know what month. I don't know nothing about that. That astrological stuff. Yeah. So, so Boss lady. Happy birthday. Happy birthday twin. Happy birthday month. You say you celebrating the whole damn month. I don't know what's, you know what, what's so good about you gonna celebrate the whole month.


You better get your butt back to work. But I will, I'll check my, I'll check my social media. Stephanie, Stephanie Warfield said KC is a B tonight. Congrats Royals chief. Who that beat the who? Da. Who da who beat them Saints? Five and Oh baby. Hold up the Yankee. Oh yeah. Oh, the Royals beat the Yankees. Come on, yank. Hold on. I need the Yankee. I need the Yankees and the, and the and the, the Dodgers in the World Series. Wait, they won the series? The, the Yankee? No, no, no, no. It's one. One. Oh, okay, okay. Okay. It's one, one. Leotta Rose said hi everyone. Night Kev.


Hope you guys are are all doing well. Have a question for you often talk about your adult college life career and how you, what, what were you like in high school? Clown. Same. I was clown. Same. I didn't, I mean that's why I was prop 48. That's why I didn't go to a, a a, a big D one school because I bull dred around, you know, making people laugh. I mean, look, obviously, you know, growing up the way we grew up you had to work. But you know, I wanted to, you know, have fun in school, then go home and you know, take care of my granny because you know, my brother left and what 83?


Graduated 83. So basically my sister's eight years older than me. My sister's 80. So basically, and I had my, had a aunt there. My Aunt Jane was there for a couple of years and then she got married and left. So it was kind of like me and my grandmother a lot of times. But yeah, I didn't, I didn't take school, at least high school nearly serious enough. And then when I realized it was too late because, and grades wasn't looking too good. Don't you? Yeah. I tell people all the time with my grades, I couldn't have got in prison. They feel they, they, they done funk me on the interest. O you, I couldn't even got in there. That's how bad my Grades were. I ain't, I ain't gonna mention my grades in high school. But I'm gonna tell you this.


I graduated high school late. I tell you that. Damn. How you graduate high school late? Because I ain't graduate on time like I graduated. Wait, when when had to, You had to go to summer school Or something? I graduated about two, three months. Yeah, boy, shit. Goddamn, Dang. Yeah boy, I was bad boy. I was bad but I wasn't going to class in high school, So Dang. So you went to the 13th grade, huh? Nah, I ain't, I ain't do all that. I ain't stay, I ain't stay back another year. I said graduated late Add elcho.


You was in the same classroom? Nah, First period through sixth period. O join the same classroom K through 12. Hey joke never changed. He ain't never seen a different class rule. Hey listen, I was, I was smarter than the whistle though. Smarter than the whistle. I just, I, I wouldn't, I just wouldn't apply myself if I felt I had enough talent. I ain't need school. But my grandma told me, say, boy, I'm telling you, you gonna keep slipping through the crack and I'm telling you, you gonna keep slipping through the crack. And I just wouldn't listen, I wouldn't listen until I got, until I got the goddamn Santa Monica and I was in ineligible that second year and my back was against the wall because all I had was all I had was one year left.


'cause I had to play, I had to, I had to get my grades together and play one more year at Santa Monica. And all I had left was a one for one. Huh. So any you gonna do it to where your grandma always said it or you asked they make it to the NFL Man shit, but I never forget Coach Collins, Charles Collins is responsible for me going to summer school, getting to and from summer school, getting my grades together, having to go to Southwest College, take classes at Southwest College, going back to Santa Monica, taking classes then just so I could play that, that following year at Santa Monica. Man, thank god Dennis Erickson offered me that one for one. That one for one at Oregon State. unc. I say, man, God, if you just get me, get me on the big stage so I can showcase my talent and skill that will take everything else.


I'm gonna do it my grandma way this one time. And, and lo and behold, the one time I did it her way it all worked out how it should be. Yeah. I'm talking about I I barely made it. But you made it. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. JJ Carver said relationships change because people change. You don't always have to find somewhere new relationship. Take, having those hard conversations sitting down to say, Hey, we've grown distant, let's build something new. Come on now. I know, I know, I know about them. Uncomfortable conversations. I love, I love them. I love them. Tell me everything.


Tell me how you feel. Don't lie to me. I like them. 'cause sometimes what, what it, what it can do. Those uncomfortable conversations. It help you stop wasting your time too. It help you stop wasting your time too. Now. Come on. It does ocho but a lot, you know, it's funny 'cause a lot of times when women get fed up, they've been fed up. They're not just fed up now. Oh yeah. They've been fed, they've been fed up for like months. A year. They Check, they check out up here first. Huh? They check out up here first and they, they don't, they don't move on. They don't transition until the next play is already in hand.


You don't leave your job unless you already got something. Yeah. Already ready To hide. I, yeah. Most people, there are some now some people will leave a job and ain't got another job lined up. You know, God will make a way. Nah, he said don't be no food though. That's What God, That's what God say. But so a lot of times, you know, people have things and I, I think ocho like, like if a woman, like a woman won't just willy-nilly file divorce. Right, right, right. A woman, she talk to a girlfriend. She done talk to her parents. She done met with a lawyer. Yeah. She done meticulously. Everything Is strategic. Everything is strategic in that they do unc. Yeah. Everything. They don't, they don't make rash decisions without planning things out ahead of time.


Okay. This is the plan. This is plan A. Okay. A plan A doesn't work. This would be plan B. Yeah. So if plan B don't work well we gonna fal it and go in to C. Either way everything is mapped out. Like when you robbing a bank, when you robbing a bank, you just don't walk in there and say, gimme all your Money. Gimme the money. Yep. Nah, you Got you. Like, okay, you don't walk in you Surveillance place. Yeah man. How many, hold on. They got this many cameras. Okay. They only got one security guard he owed. I could really overpower him. Yeah. If I needed to. Let's see, what's the tall, what's the closest police station? Yeah. How often do police pass through the area to get a great car? Is there more than one way in? How long is it gonna take me to get to the interstate from where I am? 'cause I need to get out of this congested area.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So it's a thought process like that. Very meticulous, very strategic in all that they do now. A dude, us Babe. Hey, like old boy told his wife when he got hold of sunshine, baby, I ain't never coming home. Coming Home. That's it right off the bat. Women that like that Mean think about nothing. Nicholas Tillman said, what up Uncle Ocho love to show in the content. Can you give my wife's, can you give my wife Raven and our shout out. It's our fifth wedding anniversary. Keep up the great work fellas. Nicholas Ravens, happy fifth wedding anniversary.


Guys, congrats. It's been an unbelievable ride. I'm sure you guys enjoyed each other. Y'all keeping that thing fresh. Y'all take a, you take a Nicholas, I know you take out to eat once a week. Y'all go to dinner. Y'all go to a movie. Y'all have date night where y'all all get dressed up? Go do your thing, man. Keep it going bro. I'm proud of you. I'm happy for you. And congratulations Nick, Andra, Nicholas and Raven. It's the fifth wedding anniversary. Congratulations guys. Happy fifth. Happy fifth. Happy fifth. Willie got a new quote for Ocho the book and Ocho voice. What you want is just the other side of what you don't like. S portier. Mm. That's it.


Mm. What you don't want is what you don't like. No. What you don't want, what you want is just on the other side of what you don't like. Yeah. That's nasty. Yeah, that's a good one. Diane West said, Hey, will Jackson State be on your stop for your HB tour with first take? I'm not sure if you guys are gonna be in this cycle. I know they're trying to work out one more right now we just, we have gone to Howard, excuse me, this week on the 11th. We're at Tennessee State. It's their homecoming and I think next month in November we're at Morehouse and, and Clark, I think it's gonna be their homecoming, but I think everybody celebrates the, the same homecoming in the AU center I think.


But I'm not sure, I don't know if Jackson State's gonna be on this go round. Maybe probably 20, 25, but I'm not sure that's, that's beyond my pur. They just tell me, Shannon, we doing this HBU tour, we'd like for you to participate. Okay, I'm there. But that's, that's my level of involvement. Said have you, you have, you have to get your cognac and cigars to Louisiana. Actually, we're gonna be, we definitely, it's gonna be one of the states if I'm not mistaken. I think in the next month or so we're gonna have activation in Louisiana. We're definitely planning on being, we're definitely gonna be active activated by the time we hit for the Super Bowl.


But I think it's coming. I think if if, if we're not there, we're gonna be there in the very near future. So I appreciate that. We're gonna make sure Shaa by La Porter and 85 cigars gonna be in Louisiana pre to everyone preparing for Hurricane Milton. When they tell you to evacuate, guys do it. You see the Buccaneers they're leaving on Tuesday. Yeah. To be ahead of the storm to make sure they don't get trapped. Get stuck there guys. I get it. But everything that you have, all those possessions can be replaced. The one thing that's non replaceable is life. Yeah. Ain't getting that back. So I understand you wanna stay with your stuff and things and so forth and so on, but bro, get up outta Dodge.


It's not worth it. It's really not worth it. I said, Hey guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap and those that tuned in after watching the Chiefs remain undefeated with a 26 13 victory over the New Orleans Saints as they head into their by week undefeated. I am your favorite uncle Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite number 85. He's from Liberty City. He's a bro. He's a bro. No, he ain't no Bronco. He a bingo ring of Fame honoree. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro and he's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho.


Guys, do us a favor. Make sure you subscribe to and hit that subscribe button and hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts and we're trying to do everything we possibly can to take this thing over and with your help, it's very possible, it's very doable. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. As I mentioned earlier, we're expected to be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, You can go to the site, order a bottle and we'll ship it directly to your home and it is in stock. Please go follow my media company page on all social media platforms.


That's Sheha Media and my clothing company 84, the on and OCHO Teeths 84 being spelled out. The on and OCHO teas are back in stock. I repeat the On and OCHO Teeths are back in stock. If you ordered merch within the last three weeks, it began shipping last week, you should be receiving emails confirming that your order has been shipped. So do us a favor as you start to get your merchandise in, let us know that you've received your merchandise. Let us know what you think. We think we've done a great job with this and we greatly appreciate your support. Please go vote for us on the for the Signal Award. Nightcap has been a nominated for two awards, best Live podcast recording.


We have an hour lead over new heights and best co-host team. We're currently in second place Got y'all doing y'all thing. We went from fourth all the way to second and we're slightly behind the first place. So when we come back on Thursday, we come back on Thursday, we gonna probably be in first OCHO and it's just voting is open through October 17th. Just like the web's, you have to create an account and it has to have a verified email. Again, you have to create an account and you have to have a verified email club. Sheha nominated for three awards, popular culture and variety show, best Athlete Shaping Culture Show and best individual episode.


Best guest, Kat Williams. Again, we thank you all. The awards that you see behind me was because of you and we appreciate that again, the Chiefs have continued their undefeated start to the season 26 13 over the New Orleans Saints. On Monday night, my homeboy threw for 3 31 Juju went for one 30. Kareem Hunt the first game back in Arrowhead since rejoining the team that originally drafted him ran for 102 yards. Derek Carr left the game in the first fourth quarter with an oblique injury. Again, thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you Thursday. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.