
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay score all your Once in a Blue Moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs A foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports The Volume,


TD Teddy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap and the Chiefs take down the Atlanta Falcons. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite number 85, a route runner extraordinaire. The Liberty City's owned, they call it Liberty City's finest. The Pro Bowl of the All Pro from the Cincinnati Bengals, the Ring of Fame honoree, that's Chad Ocho Cinco Johnson. Most people just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber matters. And, we thank you for mattering the most.


Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock so it will not take very long to get to you And. If you can't find it in a city or state near you, reach out to our e-commerce site and get it shipped directly to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84, which is 84 spelled out. We did these Ts right here. Club Shehe, the one with OCHO and I on the front, the Nightcap tour. All these are from my clothing brand. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. UNC and OCHO teas are back in stock. I repeat, yeah, UNC and OCHO teas are back in stock. Thank you for your support. And again, I'm gonna reiterate if you ordered merch in the last three weeks is shipping out next week.


So we're gonna start shipping as early as Monday. I don't know where you're located, but we're gonna get that to you within the week. So let's get right into it. Ocho, we got a jam packed show tonight. The chiefs go on the road and win a very highly contested, a very good ball game 2217 over the Atlanta Falcons. They get a stop on a fourth down. Alger couldn't barge his way through on 31. So the Falcons have to go forward on fourth eight inches and be John Robinson, the ball carrier. And here it is ocho, they covered up all the blockers and they say, Nick Bolton, you gotta make a play Beja Robinson. You either gotta run him over or you gotta make him miss. He didn't either. And the chiefs get the ball back.


Yeah, But listen, Bolton Bolton scraped better than the goddamn goddamn butter knife he scraped, filled that hole right away. So there's really nothing for Beja Robinson to be able to do with that instance. For one, I'm questioning the play call on fourth and inches. If they got the the they, they got the box stack, right? Yeah. Everything's covered, right? Yeah. So what's the first thing you do? You do something outside of the tendency on what you would normally run on the fourth and inches. Man, I'm, I'm play action. Faking it out the belly and got the tight end maybe coming out the backside of doing something that's different as opposed to what they think you're gonna do in fourth and inches. They think, you know you're gonna run the ball. Do the complete opposite. Surprise them. Yeah, And. if you gonna Go for it, if you're gonna go for it, throw the whole deck out.


Throw the whole kitchen sink out. Do something different in that scenario. I mean, spags knew he had the right fla hall and Bolt made a hell of a goddamn play. I think in that situation. O Joe you go with which, because if they throw that ball on fourth and inches, what are you gonna say? Right, man, you got Bija Robinson, you took a top 10 pick, you got Alger right there in the backfield. Okay, well you ran the ball, you got a top, you got a top 10 pick, you ran the ball and you still got Stop. Okay, okay. You gotta give the defense some credit. Spas did a great job of covering everybody up. When you cover all the blockers up, somebody's gonna be free. Now you tell your back you because he ain't no block, he's unblocked. You either gotta run him over or you gotta make him miss.


Those are your only two options because now you taking all your skill, your, your wide receivers are off the field. You brought in big personnel so they know you're gonna run the ball. And if we can't, well first of all, if we can't get an inch, hell, we don't deserve to win the game Mojo. All you gotta do is stick your tongue out. But but did you hear what you just said? Yeah. Listen, the the game of football is, is all about mind games. It's, it's a, it is a game of chess between the two coordinators. Now you just said they brought big personnel in. Yeah. When you bring big personnel in, what's the first thing? What's the first thought? Okay. You know what they running the ball. Yeah. Hello? Common sense. The first thing, trickery bringing big personnel play acts and fake do something different than what they expect you to do to surprise him and catch him off guard.


I guarantee you we got the first and they also missed the pass interference in the end zone. I'm gonna ask you what you thought about the past interference chat. Kyle Pitts an end zone that was supposed to be passing interference because he's all over Pitts before the ball even gets there and doesn't turn around and look for the ball. Right. That should have been, that should have been a Flag that shoulda been called On one yard line. Yep. Yep. I just think, look, wait a minute. The chief spoke, look, the chief's gonna have to do a better job once they get in the red zone OCHO of scoring touchdowns and not kicking field goals. Right. That almost cost them again because you see they're getting down there. They're getting down there. I mean they had it first in goal set up for a field goal. Yeah. They had it like on, on the 15 or the 10 yard line and set for a field goal. Eventually that catches up with you.


Kicking field goal, loses your ball game. Touchdown wins you game. They were very, very fortunate tonight to win this ball game. Like I said, cousins is so hampered by his in, he's never been mobile. So you imagine it's kind of like Marino when Marino tore his Achilles Marino was never mobile, but once he, once he tore it, where do you really think he's going now? And you see how hard it is for him to run that stretch play ocho. It's all he got. Yeah. And he's, think about it so, so much. He almost bobbled a ball. He almost fumbled one. Yeah. Trying to get out there to stretch. And Bija did a great job of scooping it off the turf with one hand, but Right. It's, it's really difficult. Sp did a great job of, of putting pressure on him knowing that he's not going anywhere.


Where's he gonna go? Yeah. He's never been mobile, he's never been the most athletic quarterback he could, you know, get a first down here and there, but nah, tonight I thought the chief's defense has been playing. Unbelievable. You have to give those guys credit Ocho You have to give them credit. They've been playing unbelievable. Andy Reed's done a doing a great job of manufacturing because think about it, he's without Hollywood. He loses a a Pacheco. And so now he's just trying to find ways. Rashe Rice did a great job. 12 four, buck 10 buck 10. But nobody else. Kelsey four for 30 on five targets Juju two for 17, but he had a big touchdown. 13 yard touchdown. Yeah. Worthy. So really nobody, but again, you see what they're doing is very balanced.


39 pass attempts, 33 rush attempts. Yeah, most Definitely. You see the balance. Yep. And, and you know, you know what's funny when I think about it, and I I know we talking about the chiefs, I'm thinking about the opportunities that the Falcons had to close the game at the end. At the end when they had the ball, the, the last year they had the ball Spags man to man on the backside. Drake, London, 6 4, 6 5, whatever it may be. Put the ball in reach. That's touchdown. Right? That's touchdown. He's slip. Listen, the corner's playing hard outside. Yeah. He slips up me. Yeah. And Kurt Cousins throws the ball short. Not only does he throw the ball short, he throws it far inside. Yeah. You just, you you put a little bit more touch on that.


The game is over. You win. Yeah. You, you, you say it all the time. The game is about moments. Making plays at the right time, making throws at the right time, making catches at the right time. It changes the trajectory of the game. And that right there, they, he makes that throw the falcons win the game. They get that pass in appearance in end zone. They win the game. Well they still, I mean you gonna get Patrick Holmes what he asked, I think he had two to three timeouts and the ball back. So all they need is a field goal unless you go for two and get that right. So now you're 25, 22, a field goal only ties you, they need touchdown to beat you. That was a great release by London. That's a young corner over there. And he knows he can't give up. He can't give up an outside release.


So he's playing hard outside London, stabs him outside, releases inside and did a great job of getting It. Didn't stack me. Did a great job. And he started widening a, Hey, I got you in a trail. I'm gonna keep your ass in a trail position. Right. And I don't know if Kurt thought he was gonna stay where he was and not, you know. 'cause your job is when you release inside. I've gotta get back on my point. 'cause I gotta be 42 and four. I gotta be four yards from the sidelines. That's where the ball's coming. Plus I got a headache inside that's in the center field. So I'm trying to get away from him as far away as I can. Yep. Because there's problems. So look, it's either you and I, you and I have the luxury of, of sitting up here.


Guess hindsight and guessing And, we do see a lot of things that maybe they should have done differently or they could have done differently. I'm not so sure I do anything. Atlanta they ran, they, I mean if you really look at it, Ocho bija, Rob has 16 carriers for 31 yards. Algeria had seven carriers for 32 yards. So it wasn't like they were getting a whole lot running the football. Right. I think they tried to run the football. You gotta keep 'em honest knowing that you don't have a quarterback that doesn't have, that has limited mobility. So I gotta keep you honest, pat, I think this chiefs run the ball because they're trying to protect that offensive line. We gotta get some play action because if we just drop back and let 'em tee off on us, that's, that's bad for us.


But the chiefs go on the road, they win a very tough ball game 2217 over the Atlanta Falcons. But I still think the Falcons are a good team. Mocho. I think they're good team. Oh, I think the defense is young, but they offensively I think they're gonna be okay. I re I I really do. I like Pit. I like Drake, London. I like Mooney. They got two backs, one's power, one speed. They just, they gotta find a way to stop kicking field goals. Stop hurt because they go down the field and then they'll go 3, 4, 5 possessions where they do absolutely nothing. But you know, the, the closer you get to the red zone, the more difficult it is to score unless you score from far out. Yeah. Now once they figure those issues out, I think they're gonna be fine on the defense end.


Listen, they got them two young Bulls back there, man. Second team All pros last year paired together and, and Simmons and Bates, they, they gonna be fine. AJ Terrell is, is is playing good football, obviously. You know, people say, oh, he he's he's getting burnt. Listen, every DB gets beat. Yeah. That that's part of the game. Yeah. And you know from the Falcon's gonna be all right. They gonna be all right. They competed tonight. They did, they competed tonight against the, the Super Bowl champs from last year. Yeah. And, if you can play that with against them, the, the plays that you missed. Those moments that you miss, you capitalize on those. We, we, we, we having a different story tonight. We having a completely different story tonight on who won the game. They've gotta find ways to win these home games.


They go on the road last week Ocho remember it was that Monday night and they beat Philly in Philly. Yeah. They lose that home to Pittsburgh. They lose that home to Kansas City. These are the games that you gotta win and give yourself some confidence because both all, they could easily be three and oh, they could easily, they could easily be Oing three, but you've gotta find a way to win these one possession games more times than not. Yeah. So right now they're one and two in one possession game. I think there was a one possession game, maybe a, a Pittsburgh kicked a late field goal that made it a two possession game. But if I'm not mistaken, I think it was at one point it was a one possession game late in the ball game with the Steelers and the Falcons the first game of the season. But give the chief credit, they find a way to go on the road to win. Patrick Mahomes 26 and 39, 2 17 2 touchdowns, And.


if you go back and look at Mahome, it's not like he's playing great Ocho. He's missing, not right now. He's missing some throws. Throws. Yeah. He had run rice on a shallow and he throws it back here. People don't realize how hard it is to catch a ball when you running full speed one way the Opposite, the opposite way and the ball behind you. That's a hard, that's hard. I'm, I'm, I'm just, you know, somebody that caught football for a living, that's a very hard, that's a very hard throw, A very hard catch to make. But he lof the balls and ends on the Justin Simmons because he was lazy. He stared him down. Yeah. Yeah. Justin Simmons was on the far hash center Watching his eyes, Watching his eyes. And you See it watching his eyes the whole time.


He like, oh, oh. But that, that's something, that's something Mahomes can work on. And something that he can probably do extremely well is you get that snap outta gun or from under center and stare right down the barrel. Yes. Stare right sta right down the barrel To hold him and Then Yeah, and, and hold him a little bit then, then throw the ball. But I mean obviously Mahomes won to, to have his eye on the target so he knows when to let it go. But it key, it, it gives, it gives the safety a key to let him know where you're going with the ball. Yep. You're right. So Chiefs hold on for a victory. They move to three and oh the Falcons lose 2217. They fall to one in two, lost two games at home. Which is not good. But they got a nice roster.


I love that. What Raheem is doing and hopefully they can find a way to win one of these one possession ball games. Ocho the Raymond Ravens go on the road. Jordan hit this. The Ravens go on the road. Survivor late scare from the huh Boy y'all was a good ass game boy. The Ravens go on the road. Survival late scare from the Cowboys to secure their first win of the season. Dallas lost his second straight home game, defaulted one and two and had some issues to work out on the defensive side of the football. The Cowboys have allowed 557 yards. Rushing are the most that are Fran that most through that franchise's history through three games since 1963. Derrick Henry ran 151 yards on 25 carries and two touchdowns.


Henry has his 12th career game with 150 plus Russian yards and two plus two plus Russian touchdowns tied for the second most in the NFL tied with La Thomason won behind the legendary great Jim Brown. Henry told James Slater, he was looking forward to this one after wanting to play for Dallas. He lives, he trains in Dallas in the off season after the game. Jerry Jones was asked about upgrading the roster. He says he doesn't think that's an issue. I like our personnel. Jerry is delusional. When asked specifically about not going after Derrick Henry this off season, we couldn't afford Derrick Henry, Jerry. You know that Unfortunately Jerry, that isn't true.


But here's the problem. Ocho and it's raring his head again after building up a big league. The Baltimore was up by 22 and they almost gave it away. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, the Cowboys have some things they need to fix on the defense end of the ball. Now the formula's out there Out there, But team, but teams are watching the game and how do we, how do we beat or get ahead on the Cowboys? You run the ball. Yep. Not only do you run the ball, you run the ball Right. Downhill right through their throat. You don't need no tricks, no motion, no nothing. Put a hat on a hat and run the ball. Yep.


Run the ball. Left, run the ball. Right. Stretch left, stretch Right. It easy formula until they find a way, until Coach Zimmer finds a way to clog up that middle. They gonna have to Ojo. I made a simple suggestion. Put Derrick Henry in the eye, either so low or with a fullback. He's not a zone read guy. He doesn't need to be even with the quarterback, put him in the eye. Right. He's an old school. I back put him with a full, when you see what they did when they started putting him in the eye and you put that ARD in front of him, you see what happened?


Yeah. He all of a sudden is 10. It is 12. Yeah, it's 15. Yeah. That's how you have to use him. The reason why you got Jerry Henry, Derek Henry was not a zone read guy in Tennessee. He won offensive player of the year. He rushed for 2000 yards dotting the i. If you want the guy to have success like he had where you got him from, you got to use him in the way that he was used. What made you fall in love with him to bring him into your fold? Yeah. Yeah. Well that, that that's, that's an officer coordinator. That's an officer coordinator. Yes. And I don't, I don't think what they don't, what they don't wanna do is they don't wanna go away from what they're used to. They don't wanna go away from what makes Lamar Jackson comfortable.


What makes Lamar Jackson uncomfortable is having that goddamn running back on his left hip or his right hip. Yes. Now you have to understand, you gotta manipulate things a little bit and play to the strengths of your players. Like you just said, if you know the strength of what Derrick Henry does is based on the eye and having the goddamn full back in front of boom, have some packages, will you do just that to make him comfortable where he can play at his best and then have some, some packages or change or take theory Henry out and have something different in there with your other running back. Where you gonna have with Lamar be in the shotgun and have a running back on his left hip or his or his right hip, you know, for the little RPO play action, you whatever, whatever you wanna do, you wanna give it to him.


You wanna, you wanna keep it whatever you, whatever, whatever it may be. But the the scary thing about it is, is when God damn Derrick Henry is on that right hip for that left hip and he put that ball in his belly, they gonna react. Yeah. And nine times outta 10 they gonna react to whoever 22 is going. I'm Playing LA Bar because I don't believe Derrick, I don't believe Derrick Henry can hurt me from that formation. I don't believe it. Look, Look, look what, look what happened at the end of the game. Yeah. On the last to seal it when Lamar kept it. He, man I Don't, if I'm not mistaken, I don't think DD Henry was in the game. I thought, I think 43. Who's 43 Hill? I think Justice Hill in the game. That's what it was. I think so I On that last, that Last when he kept it and got the first down.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. But if you see what blew the game open 45 rush attempts 274 yards. The only thing I'm surprised about, I thought Lamar Jackson would get a hundred yards off. So I knew Derrick Henry was gonna give it because they were gonna give him enough carry so he could get a hundred And. if you can't rush for when everybody else is rush 400, it's like, hold on you. It's like you watching game tape and you see everybody else torch in that corner. Hey coach, hey, he done gave up three, he done gave up four wide receivers in a row, got a hundred yard. Let him come in here and let us bail his ass out. Let's make it five. Yeah. Give Derrick, listen John Harbaugh, look you coached and been in the league longer than I have.


But don't let your pride get in your way. Derrick Henry is a workhorse back. And the more you give him the ball, the better he's going to get. Now I get it's hard and fans like, oh, it's hard to build a big lead like that and keep it because you telling your coordinator, okay, let's not do anything. So you get ultra conservative and what happens is you get a couple of three and outs and the the off the, the polling team offense comes on the field and all of a sudden they string together a couple of 10, 12 play drives. Now you go another three out. Your defense tired. Your defense is tired. I, yeah, the onside kick Zay flies. You gotta understand that bro. When that ball's squibb like that, you can't get it from the side.


You gotta ship, do what you did the next time. You see what he did? He got his body all the way over there. Listen, it's like playing baseball. It's like playing ba If you a shortstop on those get your body, get your, get your body in front of the ball. Right. So it can't get it can't get trying to pick it up from the side and you know, trying To get cute with it. Not that because it's, it's spin. It's like a top. It's spinning like this. Exactly. And it is not gonna take, see normally ocho, everybody used to kick it and they expect it to take that bounce. The bounce. Yeah. They don't even do that And ain't gonna take no bounce. It's gonna keep spinning like a top. And so, and yeah. You know, you see how shiny that ball was. That's not a ball that they rough up. Them kicking balls are different than the balls they actually play with the balls they play with.


They let you rough 'em up. They let you practice with 'em. Yeah. And you give them to, those are different type of balls. Yeah. But I love, I love the, the, the, the ravens the way they, I thought they could rush. I thought they would that rush for at least two 50. They got 2 74. So I'm not surprised by that. Go back and look at the Cowboys history over the last five to six years. Look at the game they've lost and look how the teams have run the football. This is not the first time the Ravens played 'em a couple years ago and ran for damn near 300. Cleveland ran for 300 Arizona ran for damn near 300. The the Packers, the 49 ERs. That's their Achilles heel. They ain't got got. See the Cowboys are built to play with a lead.


That's why you got those edge rushes. You got Michael screaming off the edge. Now when you got hole, you got something other to think about. Then running your ass up the field. Now you see Lamar Jackson zero sacks, they threw the ball 15 times. Think that, think about this. An N-F-L-M-V-P two times threw the ball 15 times. 15 times. You know why he threw it 15 times? Because you couldn't make him throw it. You couldn't take the ball outta Derrick Henry's belly. You couldn't take the ball outta Lamar Jackson's belly. So guess what? I ain't throwing it. Lamar Jackson. Hey, don't worry about it. Run it again.


Hey, hey John Harbaugh's on the sideline. Run it again. They running the ball. You know they gonna run it. I know they gonna run it. You know they gonna run it. Everybody in at t know they gonna run it. It seems like everybody knew Smething Cowboys defense because every time D Henry getting twin, he getting 12. Yeah. Justice Hill getting six. I'm like, bro, what y'all doing It it is. Listen, it is funny. It's one thing to know what's coming, but it's a whole nother ball game to be able to stop it. That's the thing though, Ocho, It's a whole nother, it's a whole nother ball game to be able to stop it. That's why it is so demoralizing. Because I know, I know.


When somebody tell you ocho okay after class, like Richard Pry used to say, Hey, two o'clock I'm gonna dodge your I somebody tell you. Okay, wait the lunch break, I got something for you. Right. You know it's coming.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is Only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear them noise. I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This Game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got Straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis on the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast Every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


They know they gonna run the football hell, they ran it 45 times. Yeah, 45 of the 60 plays. The Baltimore Ravens ran it and the Cowboys could not stop it. That's crazy. I wish the game would've been close. So they could've still had some, some creativity instead of just putting the ball off and not and and, and and, and allowing the cowboys to hunker down because when they had some creativity, they couldn't do anything when they was dragging, when they was ringing Za flowers, the ment across or they was tossing it, the Cowboys had no answer. D Henry started slide stepping and he started using that for like, be get off me. Yeah, We got a nasty step man.


Oh yeah. I mean, yeah. Nasty Step. And, and he wanted to play for the Cowboys. He's like, bro, I ain't even gotta move. I live in Dallas. I'm I'm in my backyard. What, what was Jerry Jones' excuse for not going after Derrick? What? At first Jerry said he didn't, they didn't need him. They, you know, they say $8 million was too much, but you gave Zeke 3 million. So would you rather have Zeke Ell Duson or would you rather have Derrick Henry? Chad what y'all thinking cowboy fans. What would you rather have? You, you, you know what, you know what I think about? Would Derrick Henry and his style of play fit the cowboys offense? How about that? Let's, let's look at it from that point of view.


What you think He don't fit The I back the, i back the i back formation that he plays well out of which He don't fit Baltimore's offense, but you gotta make some concessions to maximize him. Because the biggest mistake, people making free agency Ocho, they love a guy. They love a guy that played in a, in a, in a, in a, in a 43. Now all of a sudden you get him and you try to play him in a 34. You like a guy, you play a guy that he's mainly a zone corner and now you get him to try to play. Man, Larry Brown was a prime example. Larry Brown was a quarter's corner played well the Super Bowl, super Bowl MVP, he go to the Raiders. Raiders are straight man across the board, Man to man safety in the middle of the field. One year he was gone.


So if you, oh Joe, if you fall in love with somebody, if you are in free agency and you like, I like that guy, you better be willing to use him like he was used where you found him. Because if you don't, you doing him a disservice and fans gonna say you a bus. No, he's not a bus. He's not being used the way he was used before. And so that's on coaching, that's on the organization. Derrick Henry is not a zone back. He's an I back. He's a Bo Jackson. He's a Herschel Walker. He's a a a Reggie Bush type of guy where you toss it to him, mocho and you say son, pick your hole. Works really good with a full fullback. You see when they put 42 Ricard in there leading the weight.


Yeah. Okay. Me, I'm going one way or another. Hey, wherever you going, if you kick him out, I'm going in. If you pin him in, I'm going out in I'm going out. Yeah, that's Make what he's, I mean it's not, it's not rocket science, but you have to look at what Derrick Henry is. What was Derrick Henry at Alabama? A iba. Oh yeah. What was Derrick Henry at, at at, at that little school in, in Jacksonville. An I back. That's what he on your the man is six two and a half, 2 45. You know damn well that man ain't no zone running back and he a long strider. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So if the Ravens look good running the football, but they gotta do it because see teams look at the Ravens like, Hey guys, no matter how far we get down, they're gonna give us a chance to get back in the game.


Right. Teams feel that way Ocho they feel that way. They could, they could easily be, they could easily be undefeated. They could have easily lost this game too. Yeah. So they, they got some things that they need to, to, to, to work on, but They got time. I mean, I just looked guys, you, if you got contained Ocho, if you got contained, you can't let the back bounce outside. Trayvon dick, they did a great job. They like, Hey, we gonna clog it up. We gonna force to run it back to bounce when he bounced the corners right there, you got contained. You gotta get him on the ground.


Yeah. Yeah. You know what's funny? It's, it's the same issues from last year. So you, you would, you would hope you fix those issues. But the same issues from last year, they just picking up where they left off. Yep. Allowing team to do exactly what their Achilles heel was last year, this year. So I'm, I'm sure you know, knowing, knowing Mike Zimmer, you know, having them when I was, when I was in Cincinnati, I'm sure he's gonna do everything he can to rectify the situation. I mean the defense that he runs is the defense that he runs, the personnel that he has is the personnel that he has. And maybe it just doesn't match Well when it comes to team, that teams that come in are choosing to run the ball straight downhill. Yeah, But that's the thing. If you get a lead and you get 'em on that turf where they can pin the ears back in, the ain't gotta play the run.


Oh You good? But if you gotta sit there and catch Mm And they go and you know the Ravens, they just wanna keep hammering you and ca hammer keep hammering you and keep hammering you. And the next thing you know, hey, guess what? They'll slide somebody hit him in the flat or Lamar keep it. Right. See I thought on the play before when Derrick Henry picked up eight yards, I said, come back and fake it. Let Lamar keep it. Or he, if he hits that throw to Mark Andrews the ball game is over. Don't see, don't see. Those are the plays. Ocho that's the difference. If Lamar ever get those that because you know it's gonna come like they ain't getting the ball back.


They hot right now. I need to make sure I run about another three to five minutes off this clock because my defense is what my defense is really got. 'cause you see Dak had gone up and down the field, up and down the field. So now it's my job as Lamar as the leader, as the captain, as your best player. I got it. Got it. I got it. But I'm not surprised by this. I thought they would do, I thought the Ravens would run the football at will. I thought, I thought the game would, I thought they'd win by at least a touchdown. They probably should have won by more than a touchdown. But they hung on to win. At the end of the day, you got to win. But they gotta do something by holding these leads because that's a lot of blown leads.


A lot of them, they lost this one. They were able to hold on to Ravens win 28, 25, go to one and two the Cowboys fall to one and two. Also, the Eagles didn't score in the first three quarters, but still came back without their top two wide receivers and starting offensive lineman to seal the wind, steal a win over the previously unstoppable New Orleans Saints. It's the first time. Yeah. The Eagle scored zero points in the first three quarters of a game and won since 2000. Jalen Hurt, still struggling with turnovers faced the third and 16 in the final minutes. Hit tight, tight end Dallas Goddard. I don't know what the hell the, the Saints did defense. They were playing cap completion set up. Saquon Barkley. Go ahead. Touchdown.


Philadelphia defensive line dominated the Saints offensive line. I told you the key for me when we've talked about it on Friday on first take, I said I thought Jalen Carter, I think the defensive line, I think they need to win this game. Not Jalen hurt harassing Derek Carr all night staffing the offense that put up 92 91 points in the first two games didn't even come close to that. Dallas Guard had the most receiving yards for a tight end in Eagle's history with 170. So what did you like about what you saw from the Eagles? Listen, not giving up, making the plays when it counted most obviously Godard had a hell of a game.


But I wanna know what the New York Giants were thinking. Again, I I hate, I hate to bring it up again. The Giants Were I know what new the, the no, the, the Giants and letting Brother Sequan go. Oh, whoa. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Hey brother Sequan, they had 17 for 1 47 and two tds. Yeah. One of the reasons why the Eagles won the game today. No Devonte Smith, no. AJ Brown Godard had a great game. But who takes the pressure off? Jalen hurts after the turnovers number 26. Yeah, For sure. Who puts the team on their back offensively and takes the pressure off? Jalen hurts. Number 26. You see it, it was, it was a good game. They have to find a way for one to get the two star players healthy.


They got the j We need, we need, we need AJ Brown. I'm talking about we, they need AJ Brown and they need Devonta Smith healthy. There's no reason with a team like that, the offensive team like that should have zero points in three quarters of football in three quarters of football. There's no way in hell at all. But listen, the Eagles, the Eagles defense, they played some good goddamn ball today. They Dominated a line because the Saints Team that we saw last week against the Cowboys, the Saints team we saw against the Cowboys last week looked nothing like that. Today Was nowhere to be found. And that, that's, that's an a testament to the defense.


I don't know what, I don't know what they had to eat. I don't know what the Eagle Defense had to eat, but they played some damn good ball today. I did You see that interception that hurts through in the end zone. The honey badger picked off. Yeah. Ocho Yeah, that's quarter. He he he done had, he had a few errant throws like that the past what, two games in a row. Ocho, that's quarters. First of all, honey Badger knows I they like he's supposed to come across his face. That's Honey Badger. He knows he is not gonna let you cross his face. And I'm not backing up anywhere because why? I'm already at the back of the end zone. I coming zone coming forward. I'm not backing up.


And it's like, well he's supposed to cross his face. That's 160 pound man Honey Badger. That's not some rookie db that is Honey Badger. He knows the only place that I can get hurt is across my face. Yes, sir. When he Jaylen hurt, stares him down, he takes off and beats. It's the same thing that happened in the Super Bowl. Right. Seattle Let, ain't let you cross my face. Malcolm Butler. I be, and you see he made the collision and boom, he knocked lock it off because he gets the head start. All I'm saying in that coverage at that area because Honey Badger is not gonna retreat because he's already at the back of the end zone, he knows Is nowhere to go.


He knows the only place I'm vulnerable is across my face. He can't go behind me because then he'll be out of the end zone. So where am I? See when you are a student of the game, you understand where I'm weak and where I'm strong. I'm strong behind me. I'm weak in front of me. So what I'm not gonna let you do is cross my face. Face. Yeah. Oh man. Do you he that was aj. Well, you have to understand you can't call the same route for everybody just because they can run the route. That's AJ Brown. AJ Brown two 20. Okay. It's going be a collision. It might be an incomplete, but if you run that with 160 pound man and honey badger, it's gonna be a pick.


And you, you know what? That all come, that all comes down to play calling, understanding your personnel, understanding your player's strengths, and understanding your player's weaknesses. You don't put 160, 160 pound player receiver in that situation knowing that the chances of him making that catch and crossing someone that's seen it over and over and over as a veteran at a veteran safety, you don't put, you don't, you don't even call to plug that. Put them in that situation. Right. That comes down to play calling and understanding your personnel. That's It. That's all, that's all I'm saying though. I'm just saying look, that's coverage. Why you Yeah. And like you say, you know, that's not AJ a big receiver a to or a a Megatron or, or a Julio Jones, one of the, a branded Marshall.


Somebody that, okay, is this gonna be a collision and it's gonna be an incomplete but it's not gonna be an interception. Yeah. And you, you know, everybody you just named, you know, honey badge is is small. All they gonna do is big body get right in front of him. Right. But see, you Get right in front of him, You better honey badge off because if honey a you not gonna beat him to the point. Not if he not, if he read, you see how he read Dak last week? Yeah. And he beat CD to the Point Point. Yeah. If he think, oh, now you can get it with a double move. But if you're double moving, where you going met because you gonna be out the stadium. He knows that I ain't going nowhere o my my feet right here.


I'm gonna drive forward. He beat him to the point. He beat him to the punch. And then they're talking about the Did you see that, that that hit on Devonte Smith. Devonte? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They talking about that was a dirty hit. That wasn't no dirty hit. That wasn't Dirty. He still up. Thank you. He still up. Listen, as a receiver, if you know they got you wrapped up, stop fighting, stop fighting, make a business decision. Let your body go and go down. Let your body go and go down. If you still up and you still fighting. Understand the pursuit is coming from all different angles. No, they coming from, because think about where he caught the ball. Danger yeah. Is not that way. Danger is coming from back here.


Them linemen. Yeah, Exactly where you came from and what, I don't know if they still do it, but they used to hold his ass up. I'm coming. Hold him up. They trying to put as many hats on you as they possibly can. That's possible. Yeah. Yeah, Bro. Devonte, I understand you tough, but bro, you a buck 60, you ain't dragging nobody nowhere. All you gonna do is subject yourself to take unnecessary hits. That guy is 300 pounds and he's coming at about 12 to 15 miles an hour. They got you up. And, And he still too. So that's even worse. It's not a dirty hit. He gonna, he gonna, he gonna learn that.


You gotta make a business decision. You gotta give, give yourself up. If you know they got you wrapped up, you ain't going nowhere. Nowhere. You gotta give yourself up. Know when the journey's over. You gotta know when the journey's over. That's good, man. He's so tough. Okay. Okay. Hey, them d lineman hits, they they different than they different than a DB hit. Trust me. Way different. Trust me way That 3 2 92 8300, that's different than 180 5. 200. And they coming to put pain. So no, I didn't, I didn't believe that was a dirty hit. It's very unfortunate.


I hope Devonte's okay, but that wa I don't, I didn't, I didn't see that as dirty. It wasn't nothing dirty about that. There was there, there was nothing, nothing dirty about that. Play ocho. He's still fighting Now if he gets out of there, then what coach gonna say why you let up? So hopefully Devonte is okay, but give the Eagles credit going on the road after a heartbreaking loss last week to the Atlanta Falcons. They go on the road beat the hottest team. That team that was playing the best the Saints had scored 91 points, had run rough shot over two teams. Yeah. Hold to 15, hold 'em to 12 points in their building and they win by the score of 15 to 12.


Sam Donald dominates the Texans 34 7 through three weeks. The Vikings have been one of the league's best team. They won on the road against the Giants. They defeated the NFC best 49 ERs in week two. And now they beat the AFCs top one of the a FC top squads in week three. Their plus 55 marginal victory through three games is the second best in franchise history. Only behind the 1975 team Minnesota went four for five in the red zone. Donald threw four touchdowns on the day. It's the first time he hit his career that he's thrown multiple touchdowns in three straight games today. They jumped out on the Texas and didn't let up. CJ Stroud threw for 215 yards, two interceptions, one touchdown. And they struggled with Brian Flores's defense and without leading rusher run the football, Joe Mixon.


They were sitting ducks back there. Houston scored a season low seven points and the running backs had 11 carriers for only 26 yards in place of Mixon. Cam Aker's. Longest rush was nine yards. This was the first time cj CJ looked, looked, he looked pedestrian. This the worst. This is his worst game of the NFL. Now obviously he's due to have one of these games, but Brian Flores did a great job of confusing him. He did a great job of pressuring him. He get did a great job of disguising coverages and hopefully he gets another opportunity to be a head coach again. Because, you know, obviously you know some things that happened in Miami with Tua. And I think everybody deserves a second chance because we've seen some coaches that get second, third chances.


And so hopefully Brian Flores with the job that he's doing this year at Minnesota with a head coaching job comes available and they will come available ocho hopefully he's in line to get one of those jobs. But what did you like about what you saw from Minnesota? Well, Sam Donald. Sam Donald. I don't, I don't listen, I don't know what happened when he was in Carolina. I don't know what happened when he was in San Francisco, but the Sam, I don't know what happened when he was in New York, but the re the but the, the resurgence in the confidence that he's displaying at the quarterback position and having the number one pick go down and him stepping in and looking like the savior for the Minnesota Vikings and they haven't missed a beat.


They having to missed a step offensively. Listen, you were 17 for 28. One at 180 1 4 TDS a day. Yep. Pick it up right where he left off. I know Justin Jefferson is happy. I know I and dog people don't understand how important the quarterback position is for your success. If you have adequate play at the quarterback position. Anything is possible. Anything is possible. And he's showing that despite the struggles that he's had early in his career on the other teams around the right situation and look was, look how it's showing up. Look how he's performing week in and week out, even though it's only week three.


Well, listen, he gonna, he gonna be, he he gonna be due for a game that doesn't look like himself of like he three, but so far, unbelievable. Well, I think the, and he's Playing, he's, he's playing for another starting job somewhere else too. Now he's playing for another starting job. I think the problem that teams run into is that they want these quarterbacks to play early and they're not ready to play and you ruin them. Yeah. And that it is like you draft a quarterback high, well he's gotta play. What do they do? They clear the decks. They don't have any veteran guys in there. They don't have anybody that can challenge them. And they just, okay, here you go. And I think sometimes they'll be better served if they were to sit 6, 8, 10 games maybe the entire season.


But they want 'em to play so soon. And if they're not ready and now you wreck the guy's confidence. Yeah. And that's, yeah, big time. I think that's what happened with Sam Darna. Now, I'm not saying he's going to turn around and all of a sudden he's gonna be Kurt Warner. You know, he, he's gonna go be in a situation where he leads a team to the super bowl and he is an two time MVP or something like that. But I think he's a good quarterback, but I think sometimes they force these guys to play and when they don't have much help around them, and then this is what you get. And then everybody like, well, he a bust, he'll a bust. No, you didn't put him in a situation where he could succeed. And so everybody, you know, everybody wants the guy to come in. You know, he a high draft pick, go choke, be savior and play right away.


Be savior and be good. Be a savior. Listen, I call, I call him savior because you, you gotta understand if, if you had the number one pick And, if you had the number two pick, you know, it's because you know, collectively your, your team was bad Right. The previous season. And you're Not the quarterback away. Yeah. Hey, listen, sometimes, but these young, these young fellas, man, there's no development. You know, the, the transition from college and then to the pros, it can be difficult. It, it could be good for sure. Especially if you throw them out there to the sharks. And we've seen so many different examples of that. Now you have some, some an, an anomalies like CJ Shrine. Yeah. The way he played rookie year. You know, you think there, there, there's some examples of, of people.


Hell, Patrick Mahomes even had the City year behind God. Alex Smith, he Did. Carson Palmer, who was my quarterback, had the City year behind God damn John Kidner. But when they did get in there and play, boom. Yeah. Give him an opportunity. Set him up, set him up for success. Yeah. It's okay if the guy doesn't play the opening day. And I know a lot of guys that want, I wanna be the day one starter. Yeah. But are you gonna be ready to be the day one starter? Because it's not just about day one, it's about day 101. Day 1001. Because they're not just getting you, they don't just want you for one year. They hoping you a decade player or a decade and a half player.


That's what they're hoping. Yeah. But the, in the NFL, it's all about confidence. Especially that position. You have to believe you the baddest mofo out there. I don't care who out there on the field, I'm the baddest. And you gotta have that mentality. Right. But, but they did, they did a number on, on Houston. I haven't seen Houston look like this in a very long time. Ocho And I've been following, you know, I've been following for about the last 16, 17 games, you know, last year coming up to this year. I, I, I, this is, this is the worst I've seen their offense look, they confused him. They did a great job of getting out to cj.


They picked him a couple of times. It seemed like Brian Flores had him confused a couple of times. There's no harm in that. You do one of those games. You have 16, 17, if you can go 16, 17 games, what I having a dud. You pretty good. That's going, you gonna have a pretty good career. If you could, if it averages out like that you won for 16 as far as bad games. But give Minnesota credit, Minnesota might be better than I thought considering that, you know, they lost JJ McCarthy. Aaron Jones has been a godsend because they moved on from Ollie Madison. Remember they let Dalvin Cook go a couple years ago. But Aaron Jones, he comes in 19 four, buckle two.


He's great at catching the ball outta the backfield. But Justin Jefferson and they don't even have Jordan Addison yet. Yeah. Remember he hurt his knee When he come back. Yeah. And when he come back, that makes them even that much more dangerous. That opens up the playbook even that much more. It's gonna, it is gonna get, it is gonna get scary. It's gonna get scary. Yeah. Minnesota Vikings sit the top NF the NFC North, but with a three and oh record as they win, they pound the Houston, Texas 34 to seven


Hey. there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear them voice. I just here to play basketball rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious. She, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game?


And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only Going to get better 'cause the talent is getting Better. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer star Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas Play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church. And then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I Felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Panthers A game which you attend. Low show offense looked much better with Andy Dalton. Andy Dalton threw three touchdowns in the first half leading to a 21 7 halftime. The Panthers managed to put up more points in the first 30 minutes los in Las Vegas than they did over the last two weeks combined. 13 Carolina's offense came to life with Dalton under center as he connected with eight different receivers. Dalton finished the game. 26 and 37. 319 yards. Three touchdowns, zero interceptions. Yeah, it amplifies ocho. Yeah, that Bryce Young. Yeah. Probably needed to learn some things. Hopefully he learned some things from from Andy Dalton while he's in there.


Meanwhile, check a look at this out. We gonna, we gonna talk about this. Meanwhile, after the game, Antonio Pierce had this to say about his squad. Okay? No, they didn't. I think as the game went on, I don't think it was a team. It was, I think there was definitely some individuals that made business decisions. And, we make business decision going forward as well. Wow. What you heard? What? I ain't even hit. I ain't hear that. I ain't hear that till just now. Yeah. Either there guys making business decisions, And, we gonna make business decisions moving forward. Hey, That, that ain't nothing to play with. Now that ain't nothing to play with. Anytime a head coach says that, based on your play on the field in a game that probably, you know, coaches, players, you, you expecting to win shit.


He mean business. And I listen, I I had, I I I, I sent out a tweet. I sent out a tweet two days ago. I sent out a tweet two ga two days ago. And I know I'm, I'm gonna get to that in a minute. I said, anytime a team makes a change, especially at the quarterback position, for some reason, coincidentally, they respond better, they play better. And that exactly what the Panthers did. I owe the Panthers organization. I know the Panthers fans. I owe you apology. Owe you apology. Because I was very passionate about the mention of of Bryce Young. I was upset that it was bench because I had the understanding.


And, and having a rookie quarterback coming into a situation where a team didn't do well last year and expecting a rookie quarterback to come in, he's thrown to the wolves out there, to the sharks and is expected to be that savior. And maybe my wording was a little incorrect in saying that he didn't have anybody to throw to. But I'm just, I'm mouthing off about the passion. My mouthing off, passionate about him being benched. Adam Thilan owe you an apology. Xavier Lt owe your apology. Deontay Johnson Boy. Yeah, show the fuck out today, boy. He did. I owe you apology Eight for buck 22 in total Mr. Canal. Oh yeah. Mr. Canales boy owe you apology. Panthers Nation.


I all you motherfuckers apology. I'm sorry. You know, I can, I can, I can put my foot in my mouth, you know, I can show some grace. Please show me some grace. I was wrong. I was wrong. But what we do have is we still have 14 weeks to go. Now you guys can string together some games with a veteran quarterback that has used that has also been to the playoffs too. Now we talk about it winning quarterback. This is Andy Dalton, huh? Red Rifle Knack who used to get it done in Cincinnati. So you guys have, have someone good that Bryce Young can sit back and learn from. That is used to winning. That is, that has been to the playoffs before. And know what it takes to get there. That someone that is fishing with the ball, as you saw today, he threw the eight different goddamn receivers and everybody was able to eat.


So, again, my apologies, you know, for for, for, for not fixing the words and just being passionate and more concerned with the benching of Bryce Young and not taking into consideration some of the things I was saying about the team and the collective in the collective way. So, you know what? Y'all keep on pounding, huh? Go Panthers bitch. I think, look, all it proves is that Bryce Young deserved to be benched. That doesn't mean that he's not salvageable, that doesn't mean that he can't be a good quarterback, but at this time, it was better for him to sit back and learn. Maybe he can see some things. Hopefully Andy Dalton can help him and says, okay, tell me what you're thinking in this situation right here.


Or like, when he come off the field, and Andy would get her and, and would talk to him, okay, tell me what you're thinking because that's what, you know, the guys would run around and something would happen. I says, okay, so what? Tell me, tell me, okay, it was this coverage. Tell me what you're thinking. Right? What did you see that caused you to do that? And so hopefully, like, like I said, Ocho, these guys, number one pigs, top five, top 10 pigs, everybody expects them to come in and be what they were in college right away. And that doesn't normally happen. They're, they're, they're essentially there, there are isolated incidents where that may happen, but they're few and far between, Right? And so with that being said, Andy Dalton And, we, that's normally what happens.


Guys come in, guys, guys make plays. You look at the way they ran the football. 31 carries a buck 30 buck 31, Chuba Hubbard, 21 for one 14. Deontay Johnson Hubbard was cutting up, man. Hubbard was cutting up, man. Hey, but, but also do you look at today's game. I I saw a lot of people, you know, obviously they watched the game. You know, I follow a lot of people on Twitter and obviously I, I, I extended my apologies to, you know, the Panthers fans and, and, and the players via Twitter as well. And then you have other people that aren't fans of the Panthers saying, oh man, like, relax, they acting like they just won the goddamn Super Bowl. They gonna be right back to the same Panthers again. They would just playing the Raiders.


And I, I don't, I don't really see it like that. I I see it as obviously you're playing with a veteran quarterback that is, that is used to being able to, to process a little bit faster. That's used to being able to get the ball out on time. And, and that's, that's what we saw today. And I I, I think obviously my, my, my outlook on the Panthers based off their, their performance today, especially from the quarterback position, what Annie Dalton was able to do is, is a little, is a, is a little bit more positive now that I've had the chance to watch him thoroughly being at the game and, and being up and close and watching it feel side. And I listen, I'm, I'm excited for 'em, man.


So we, we gonna see, you know, you, you, you keep stringing them motherfuckers together like you did tonight. They gonna be All Panthers win their first game of the season, go to one in 2 36, 22 Raiders. Hey, who, who They, who they, who they got next, Who Panthers played next. The Raiders were not able to build on that big, big monumental win come from behind win last week in Baltimore. And they fall 36, 22 to the Panthers, fall to one and two. The Panthers play the Bingos. What Panthers play? The Bingos. Hold on. Where they playing at? They playing at home or they playing in Cincinnati?


Where they play? They play at home in Carolina. You know what? Matter of fact, I'm going to that game. I'm Gonna that game I'm going, I wanna, Hey, if, if there in the chat, if there's anybody that's a Panther fan that's in the chat, can you do me a favor? Send me a tweet after the show if you have an extra ticket. I would like to come to the game. I know might, some of y'all might be a little mad and they might boo me if I come to the stadium, but I'm finna sit in the, I'm finna sit in there. I'ma sit, I'ma sit out there with y'all, man. Yeah, I'm, I'm coming, I'm coming to the game. I'm coming. They playing the bangals too. Let's go. The Rams completed 14 point comeback against the 49 ERs without pka KO Cooper Cup, Stanford slice and diced the 49 ERs secondary evenly spreading his targets between Tutu, Atwell, Tyler Johnson, DeMarcus Robinson, and Jordan Whittington.


Juwan Jennings of the, of the 49 ERs had a career day hauling in a career high three touchdown on 11 catches for a buck 75. His score. He's the first, he's a, he's, he's the first receiver to score three touchdowns in the game since Terrell Low did in week five of 2001. And he was the first with a 10 plus catch three receiver TD in the 49 Ascent Jerry Rice. Wow. Hey, wow. It's so listen. Even though they lost, even though they lost, they still look good. Even with some of the players that they have that, that are missing, you know how you say next man up?


Yeah, but sometimes say when the next man up really, really wasn't the starter because Wait, I forgot how you said it. Huh? What? That if they were good enough. I, it was crazy. Yeah, you next man up. If you were that good, you'd be starting, you'd be the man that up. Okay. Bingo. So it, it looks like even though some of the players are down the next man up and just as good from a, a productive standpoint, Ocho look, you going to the Carolina game next week? I'm not bullshitting. I swear. I swear I forgot. Going stop, stop at the gas station. Get $20 on pump six. They got two tickets for you. Yeah. You trying, you trying to be funny or you serious?


They ain't hard to get, But they, You three piece and some tan logs and two Carolina tickets for $15. Well, don't do that. Don't don't do that. Don't don't be like that. Don't be like that. Listen, you know what happened when you win a game, when you win a game based on the way they perform today and you know, Panthers fans, they, they gonna be excited. I guarantee that game be sold out next week. Ocho. Yeah. Three wins. What you think? Two Taylor logs large soda, two Carolina tickets $25. Oh, but so you don't think that, so, okay, so you don't think today's performance no.


Gives the organization and the fans promise and hope? No, No, no. All right. I don't See, I'm gonna tell you how much, all right, I'm going to the game. I'm not missing this. That's gonna be good. And Carolina ain't nothing but a hipping a stop from Miami. Good. More than hip to stop. I don't know where you hipping to or where you stopping at A spirit Spirit get there ain't a ticket, ain't number about about $45. Coach D Shine, if they beat the bears, the defense held Chicago to 63 yards rushing. Four sacks, three turnovers. The coach gave up nearly 500 rush yards to the first two opponent. Yet the Bears attempted 52 passers. I don't know why Chicago had 247 yards in the first half.


It was shut out in the second in the shut out at the half after four straight runs and shotgun in a four yard line and didn't yell to touchdown. This game featured two of the youngest quarterbacks in NFL Richardson and Williams, Caleb Williams responded late touchdown throw to Rome, Dunay and Cole commit his first two NFL passing touchdowns. Hey boy, they got a lot to learn. Yeah, I couldn't, I couldn't even, this is, this is the only game I couldn't see Ocho, they got a lot to learn. They still, it's hard. They, Richardson is still trying, both of them are still trying to make throws that they made in college. And I keep, they got the arm they got, they Got the arm to do it though.


No they Don't. You can't make them throws Ocho you knock Finn the roll one way and throw back across the field. Two pick, I don't dunno what his fir Richardson first interception in the end zone. Even if the ball wasn't tip it was gonna get picked. He got three round dudes, round the guy and then he rolls and throws tried to throw back across the field. The same thing with Caleb Williams. Bro, you not getting away with those throws in this league. The guys are too good. This is not you. You are not playing Louisiana Monroe. You are not playing, you are not playing the FCFs team. These guys are the best of the best. They make you pay for mistakes.


So stop putting your team in harm's way. I think Anthony Richardson would be good, but he's gotta stop making these mistakes and he gotta learn some touch. Yeah, bro. I mean sometimes he throwing the ball to the guy from me to this wall and he throwing it like he throwing it in the hurricane, bro. Yeah. And, and Caleb, what, what you 52 times. Come on bro. Come what y'all doing? I wish, I wish I was playing in the offense when they throw the ball 52 times. I wish that's a receiver's dream. You know how many, listen, some teams only ran 65 plays. Sometimes you only run 65 plays and 52 of those are in the air.


Yeah. But that means you gonna probably lose if you throw the ball that many times you probably gonna lose. It ain't Gonna be very many times now. It ain't gonna be very many times that you win a game when you throw the ball that much you behind, you're probably behind and you probably gonna lose the game. Now if you want some stats that those are great, but yeah, you're not winning 52 Times. What, what if you throw it 52 times and you winning the game? What if you throw it 52 times and you are efficient? What if you throw 52 times and the quarterback is is 48 for 52? Yeah, but Ocho what are the, like normally when you throw that many times what you, you're behind and teams, but teams will let you hey do that.


So they don't give up anything cheap or deep. Right. Just keep him in front of us. Yes. Yeah, I mean I just, I I mean some of the guys and they just like, I I'm gonna show you, I, I just wanna know, know, 'cause Anthony Richardson said that the college was harder than the NFL. I wanna know if he still feels that way. Wait, he, he, he said that last year, huh? No, he said that this year Before he got hurt. You Said That This year. Oh, he said this year? Yeah. I don't, I don't really think he meant that though. What he said? Damn. I dunno if he meant it or not. He, He would just be, he would probably being facetious. And So if a girl called you ugly, oh she ain't mean that, that dang what she meant. She Said it. Nah, if a girl, I mean nah, but you got, you gotta listen.


You know a girl call you ugly sometimes she flirting and she really don't mean that. But you know, sometimes she said to keep you humble. Nah, Don't keep me humble. My Grandma, my grandma, my grandma, my grandma called me ugly all my life growing up. I'm gonna take your word for it. I'm done with you. Oh, ugly self. Okay. Hey, I ain't gonna try to convince nobody. Hey you did you mean that because you said you remember the other day you said I was ugly. Did you mean it? Nah, you said it. I'm good. I'm keep it moving. You can't, you can't take it personal man. You can't take i I ain't take it personal. I just, I ain't finna be what I look like trying to, somebody gonna call me ugly and they think I'm gonna be with them. I mean come on.


When Ocho we grown you do that in the fourth grade. When you in elementary school, you gotta crush on somebody. You hear them put your ugly self. You make me sick. Yeah, we grown Now we don't play no type of games. That means she really like you. Nah, Nah, true. Hey, I mean, shit. Rel called me ugly sometimes. Was she mad at you? Yeah, exactly. Listen, when, when, when are women the most honest? When they what? When They're angry. When They what? Thank you. So probably may. Maybe I'm, you know, I listen, I ain't the, I ain't, I'm not the, I ain't top 10 in the world.


I'm not strong six and a half, especially with a haircut. If I get a haircut, oh. Long as I'm, long as I'm above five. I'm straight now when I ain't got no haircut and you know I ain't, I ain't been on the waist. I'm be, I'm, I'm a, I'm a Strong you. I mean, look. Yeah, I mean I guess that's what you like. I'm looking for like you saying, I'm, I'm trying to be, I'm trying to be a strong six seven A seven. Yeah. I mean you saying you want, you want your girl, you wouldn't want your, you want you, so I mean you say what, what would you say Re's what? Nine 10? A nine? Nah. Re she probably, I give, I give seven and a half.


Shit. Hey, nah, she ain't, that ain't said that. I, Hey listen, my, my dog my, she she, man, she, she might, she about a 10. I outkicked my coverage though. You did, you did. I outkicked my coverage. Yeah. Yes. And I only reason, only reason she probably listen, the only reason I she with me is I won because of my personality. Okay. I see that. That's it. I'm I'm just being honest. Yeah, because you know what they say. If you can make a woman laugh, you can laugh at you. I ain't gon, I ain't gonna say it. You know what I'm trying to Say. Yeah, yeah. You get up outta 'em. Yeah, I I get what you're saying but Quick, Quick. Yeah. Yeah. But I look, it, it, it just depends.


I mean, look, everybody, every, you know, everybody there, there's them lookers that you know that's going to get you like Yeah. Yeah. You know they, they, hey you got, you got the, you got some stepper that's gonna make you do a double take like, you Know. Yeah. Yeah. They walk in the room and everybody hear Her. Yeah. Yeah. And then you got one, you got something. Do you see her? Nah, Listen, I mean obviously depending on who you are, especially as a male, sometimes you want a seven, sometimes, sometimes you want a six and a half because you take a six and a half and you get a half her feet and her nails done. Yeah. Give her a nice bag, Get a face beat or she good. And then you ain't gotta worry about everybody after, you know, Gotta worry about having Temptation And all that.


What you fail to realize the moment you, you can get you a two. Right The moment ocho. So somebody gonna want her because they want what OCHO got. That's how it work. Right, Right. They can see a woman walk by a thousand times. Right. Right. And don't No, but let somebody boy that bro you saw walk by this, she been working in this office for four years. Yes Sir. Keeping single. Ain't nobody, she ain't mentioned nothing. No flowers have never come. No cars have never come. You've never seen her go out like, oh I gotta go, I'm going to meet somebody for lunch or for coffee. But the moment somebody else show a little interest, I been down everybody, you know man, you know Stephanie look good mother man, they do that all the time, don't you?


Hey, but you know, like I said, look, I'm what I am. I got a nice personality. I can carry a conversation. I'm what I am. What you see is what you get. You know, like I said, when I was, when I was, when I was growing up on your in college and high school, you know you got a homeboy because women, a lot of times you ain't gonna see five or six tens together because they going be bickering. So you might be 1, 10, 8, 7 And they gonna be about three or four tools infused. They gonna be a couple tools infuse in that ocho. Right, right, right. Now the one thing about women, they not gonna splinter guys.


If, if, if, if, if five or six guys go out together and this one and the female say a hey, you know, hey, what you doing? Hey, let's go get something. Hey bro, check this out. I'll holler at y'all. Hey, hey, such and such I'm going blah, blah, blah. Women don't slender like that. So you gotta have somebody that'll take for them tools and f you gotta have somebody take one for the team. Right. Yeah. So that's why my homeboy would come in at Sharp. I got you. But you know, my girlfriend, you know, she ain't got nobody. He got her. I go, I'm gonna go in and break him off. I'm gonna give him about $300. So you know, he can do, go ahead and do what he need to do. Keep her occupied. Right. Well I keep this with occupied. Right. But you not gonna find no 5, 6, 7 tens together because there's too many strong personalities and if somebody talk to one of them, oh, that'd be he, he would he be, he'd be in my d of he be in my d you know, they be talking all that's, that's community.


That's community pp anyway. I ain't want. So it's gonna cause confusion more times than not Women, they have, you know, one or two that look really, really attractive. But you know, they gonna have, they gonna have about three or four tools in fuel with 'em that ocho. Yeah. Always, always, always. I gonna say I ain't taking one for the team. Nah, I I wasn't either. I ain't that, that didn't mean man, come on, come on sharp. No, ain't no come on sharp. No, hell nah. Come on bro. Don't put your boy out there like this, man. But that happens though, Joe. Yeah, but like, I like you said, like I, I look, I can talk carry on a conversation.


I got a nice personality. Hey, it what it is. Hey, am I pin? No, I'm good, I'm good. I'm good. What I am, I'm 56 Ocho. I move a little, I move a little slow. I got the same, I got the same haircut I had since 1972. Starting to receive a little bit, bend a little bit in the top. But what you see is what you get. Well, I mean, listen, I I mean me I'm, when I got a haircut, when I got a haircut and I put on some clothes, boy, I'm, I'm, I'm just gonna be honest with you. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm about, I'm about like all bull, like when I really like put that shit on, boy, I like, I be somebody different, you know?


And I walk, I walk different, you know. Yeah. Like, and just, I, I I'm, I'm not cocky, I'm convinced. Yeah. You know? Yes. It just, it is what it is. But you rarely catch me in those occasions 'cause I always look like a bum and I always repeat the same outfits for three, four times, you know, at, at, you know, a week because I don't really care. Yeah. I mean you, when you had a job where you drift up every day, 240 days a year, shirt and tie, certain tie 240 days outta 365, bro. I ain't, you know, I ain't really trying to dress up like that now. I still, you know, have to dress up. You know, I don't have to wear a tie. I don't wear a tie that much anymore. Right, right. But I still dress up two days a week, occasionally three days a week, man, when I'm going, you know, like that's what you wear.


But look, this is what you get. This is what you get. Now if you think you gonna see somebody out there, some LV or some Dior chy that ain't, that ain't me. That ain't me that, no. Now them young boys, hey, they can have all that. They, they, they got it. But that ain't me. Yeah. So I'm gonna dress, I'm gonna dress my age. I ain't coming in with all that other stuff that, that ain't, that ain't me Ocho I'm perfectly good in my aleia. Yeah. Yeah. Every, you know, every time I spring a every, every blue moon, I was springing a little high designer, you know. Yeah, Yeah. Something you don't air Air. Blue moon, air blue Moon, Moon. And you know, hold on. Where, where I at Houston. Yeah. You know Houston, I have a little, little designer short said, oh, you know, little something somebody do together, you know, we used to, you know what happened Houston to, you know what I'm saying?


What Houston And Houston. Right, right, right, right. Yeah. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the UA four Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Hey There. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to Podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs A foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball. Just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got Straightaway, you try to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app I Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.