
This is an iHeart podcast


When it's PCS Time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners, just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume, The Milwaukee Bucks are reportedly hoping that the presence of Doc Rivers will make Giannis under Kupo more likely to stay in Milwaukee per Mark Steins. The Bucks are hoping that the presence of Doc as a coach can provide some sort of boost. And Kupo and Rivers are believed to have a strong working relationship. You know, he's not staying. I mean, what, what, what are we doing? So He had a terrible episode. Jason Kids gone. Mike Bool is gone. Who won him? He was there when he got them two MVPs and he got a a, a finals MVP that won a championship.


Adrian Griffin was fired after going 40. What? 41 and 13. Right? And I dock. So I'm just trying to figure out, and I'm just trying to figure how, what am I missing? What, what, what, what, what is it? What is it that they see that we don't Listen? The man doesn't want to be there. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what, why They're obviously you gonna, I don't Know. Ocho I don't know if he doesn't want to be there or if it he doesn't believe that they can win there. He can win there. You're not going to be able to, there's nothing you're gonna be able to do. Bringing in Doc Rivers isn't gonna get you a chance at contention for, They're not gonna be able to get you any more players. 'cause you can't sign anything and you wanna stay outta that second April.


Bingo. So that mean that goes without saying, I don't know why You traded holiday because you traded holiday and gave up draft picks to get Dam And Damon Dame is hurt. Dame is out. Dame is out. I I think maybe his decision making would be a little different if Dame wasn't hurt. No. You don't think so? No. 'cause they didn't get to the Eastern Conference finals in the year that Dame was there and there there's sometimes that they play really good, but it's kind of hard because, You know, and you think Giannis needs the ball to clear and, and, and Dame like to have the ball to do what he does. Sometimes it looks good, but more times than not it's just like, eh Yeah, eh, he doesn't wanna be there.


I I'm, I'm, I'm, I hate to regurgitate it and say it again. I told you where Giannis is going. I told you how that's gonna go. Well I I'm not, I'm not saying I don't dis I I disagree with you, but what I am saying, what are you gonna give up? I, I just don't see a scenario where you keep Bam and Tyler Hero and still be able to get Giannis. Funny thing about it is we never know the scenario that that's up to the teams. That's up to the all the teams. Lemme say it like this all up to all the teams involved. You know, if he's hint and, and answers where he like to be, where he like to play subliminally by answering questions on Twitter. I mean the proof is in the pudding is right there. I mean everyone's gonna have these expert opinions on where he should go.


Yeah. Well that's how you put trade scenarios together. Okay? If you are the fakers, You know you're off limits. You know, you not getting LeBron and you not getting Luca. So now you start playing with pieces. Okay? Is ar a avail available? Is ru available? You start playing with pieces who could possibly leave and who could possibly come. Right? So with that being said, that's the only way you can put a, a tracer there. You're talking, you gotta do hypotheticals. You know the, I'm just trying to see, I'm looking at the pieces that what Miami half, they only got two pieces I would want. Right? Why would Johnnys want to go to Mi to Miami and, and and Bam and Tyler Hero isn't there? It's the same thing that happened with Carmelo when he went to the Knicks.


Nobody there. You got it. Him? Yeah. When you think about it, where the hell what he go, where the hell hell, where the hell else where Giannis go right now? Where they're gonna have to give up something for him to even get him and still not be be right back in the same type of situation you were in in Milwaukee. I think the thing is Ocho, you're gonna have to get multiple teams involved but you're gonna have to satisfy Milwaukee. Milwaukee gni. Think about it. Ocho, you lost Kareem. How long before you got something to replace Kareem? Your second best player in franchise history? Gianni, I think he's the second best. 'cause Kareem won three titles with the two.


You got the I we will, we don't need to read. I mean you need to look up Kareem's stat because everybody that think Kareem was a bum. Y'all need to look up Kareem before he got old. 'cause like in the eighties he still won finals MVP at like 37, 38 years of age. But you gotta go back and look at him when he from his, from his rookie year until he was about 30. Go check him out. Go check out his stats and lemme know what you think. With that being said, Lou Giannis a superstar. See that's what that for the longest time, that's what really hurt OKC. 'cause see Kevin Durant was a free agent and he left. Imagine what you coulda got for Kevin Durant if you did a sign in trade.


So now you and if absolute prime, well hell before his prime. But now, so now you get a guy, I mean you gonna get draft pick out the galore and a couple of solid players. That's what you would've gotten. But he left. You got nothing. What walks out the door? Same thing with Golden State. He walked out the door. So when I think about teams with draft capital, Brooklyn got draft capital. Houston got draft capital and players. 'cause you got Shung goon you, I'm not getting rid of Armand Thompson. Armand Thompson is not going anywhere.


Right. So you got capital, you got Jabari Smith Jr. You got Easton. So they got capital and they got draft picks. They're see that's the thing Ocho, there's only a handful of teams that have the draft capital and maybe some of the players to satisfy What, what about OKC? Giannis O-K-C-I-I Don't like that matchup with Shay. Do they have the draft capital? Absolutely, yes. They have to draft capital. Go get a Kevin Durant. I mean if somebody else is available, they got the draft cap. Yes, they're absolutely. Look at the players they got. I don't, for me, I don't think they, I don't think they're breaking up their nucleus.


Shaa Jalen Williams and, and Hung, I'm not breaking that up. There's a reason why P Prety deliberately chose Chet hung. 'cause he had an opportunity at Jabari Smith Jr. And because Paulo Van Carroll was gone, he was off the board. So you didn't have no shot at him. Nice. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Young, young fella. Young fella like that. Yes, absolutely. The thunder, half the pieces, they got seven, eight, first round picks, seven, eight, second round picks. They got two pick swaps still coming from the clippers. Oh, they got the capital. Houston got the capital. Brooklyn has the capital because I just don't want draft picks.


I want some, I want players that can come in and play and contribute and can help me right now with Joe right Now. Yeah. So it's gonna be very interesting to see what Giannis, maybe they try to convince him one more year, but Gianni's like one more year, that's a year older. I'm not closer. I mean when you look at it Giannis by himself, they're not beating, they're not beating the Knicks, they're not beating the calves, they're not beating Indiana. Now. They might get a Boston run without Tatum next year, but they're still okay at best case scenario. They're the fourth best team. I'm not so sure they're the fourth best team. If Ben Carro and Franz Wagner stay healthy right.


With that shit, when they get thugs back with that, with black and, and, and, and, and Cole Anthony with some of the pieces that they have. Are we sure? Are we sure Milwaukee is no better than a fourth or a fifth seed? I ain't coming back one more year to be a fourth or a fifth seed. Well That, that's, that's that's what it would probably be. Y can only do so much. Yes. No, you can only do so much money by yourself. What? But how do you improve this team? People like Ojo. Ain't nobody say yeah, woo man, I'm gonna take this max deal from Milwaukee. I gotta, I get an opportunity to get a max deal from la I get a max deal from Chicago, I get a max deal, I'm going to Milwaukee.


Right. You're not, you're not. There's nothing to do. It's cold-ish. Closed at 11. Okay, 10. Where am I gonna go get some meat after the game? It can't be that bad. Bad Kids ain't playing. Kids ain't playing outside after September. Can't be that bad huh? In Milwaukee. Yeah, I'm I'm just saying it can't be that bad. As Bad as far, as far as what? I mean I've, I've never been there. I've never experienced what it's like to live there Wisconsin. So what you think the weather is like from Wisconsin? October, November, December, January, February, March, April. So what do you think the weather's like you've played in Green Bay?


Yes. Okay. So what you think the weather like in October, November, December, January, February, March. But guess what? Think about some of the teams you just named too. Hell all them them same months in Chicago. It's cold. Them same months you just named me. Here It is Chicago. Oh. It's just open. I can still go get a meal at 10 o'clock at night. We'll see. We shall see Austin Reeve's agent issues a warning in the mid trade rumors. Next year's going to be a show. People really have no idea what's to come. Keep putting him in trade rumors for a second string center.


Whoa. Who they taking shots at? Huh? Whoever keep leaking his name. Talking about part of trade. They're trading for a center. Wait, he said second string. Who's the second string center they taking a shot at? Anybody? Anybody that's not Yoic, Joel and Bead. Those are really only centers. Yeah. Hey Austin Reeds is nice too. Huh? You you can go anywhere right now and Yes. Get work getting buckets. Yeah, but bro, you gonna opt out bro. You gonna opt out your contract. The Lakers can only play you so much. You gotta go somewhere and get a big payday anyway. You ain't trying to stay with the Lakers when you can get a $200 million deal and they can't give you that.


I know, sure. Austin is very grateful, very thankful. Yeah. The Lakers believed in him, gave him a tryout. He went to the G league. He played really well. He, he, him and LeBron. LeBron saw something in him early, took him under his wings and he's flourished. Big time kid Ourselves. Let's Not kid ourselves. Officer Res finna get a be of payday. Finna get a couple million dollars. Yo. OOO estimate his value at the n No, he is not. He knows he knows his value. That's why, that's why his agent said what he said. Okay. Because he hopped out his contract. Go get your money young fella. Because see the thing is like what they try to do, Ocho, if you sign with your team, they can give you that fifth year you leave.


They can only give you four. Yeah. So they was like, okay, we can add an extra year. That's an extra 50. You get nicked. Hey, you're not playing your best. You still a opt in. You got 50 coming. Right. He knows that. He knows about based on what he's done over the last three years as you've seen this point. Assist, rebound, total go up. He's been a valuable option. I mean we saw him with he with no Luca in the lineup. He and LeBron with no Luca and LeBron in the lineup, what he did against Indiana. We've seen him go out for 40. We've seen him go get 30. Yeah, he's improved every single year. He is a hell of a player. But those three guys are not gonna win anything.


Now I'm not saying that you got a packaging, but they need a big, and and he's the only, he's the only valuable piece that they have that they're willing to part with. They not trade. Luca, you, you can't trade LeBron. 'cause LeBron is one of the two players that have a no trade. He and Bradley Bill. Everybody else, nobody else in the NBA other than LeBron James and Bradley Bill has a no trade. Now when you say you, you also say they need a big, now Giannis is off the table going to LA too 'cause you don't Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Giannis have enough. I I don't, I mean he mentioned LA but I think he's talking about more clippers than, than Lakers. Oh, hey Harden Ka And Giannis.


Mm. What you gonna give up? Because your, your pigs, your pigs belong to O-K-C-O-K-C. That's right. That's Right. That's as for 'em back. And then guess what we got pick swaps. So guess what? If some for some for God unforeseen reason, you are higher than we are. Hey, let's, let's swap that thing. You know what I'm saying? Don't. Yo, Hey, you get a nice burger. You get A-A-A-A-A, a good smash, double smash burger with cheese. And I got a, a bologna sandwich. You know what? I'm gonna swap lunches today. It's my time to swap. Okay. Nah, you got the bologna sandwich. I got a double cheese smash burger. See?


Dang. But shit Y Yanis look like Yanas gonna be, It's hard Ocho it's hard Scarier. I thought about with makes sense. Yeah, you, you putting yourself right back in the same goddamn predicament outside of it being a better goddamn city and being able to get something to eat after 11 o'clock. That's It. But see that's the thing though. O that's the thing Ocho is that Officer Reeves understands his value. He knows he's gonna be a commodity because he's proven, he's a starter in this league. He's not a role player. I mean, he, he's a role player, but he's a starting role player. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. He can handle the ball. He can create his own shot.


He can, he can facilitate an offense. He can run an offense. Yeah, he's, yeah, he's a liability on defense. There ain't nobody playing no defense anymore. Just don't let him beat you on the first dribble. Can, can you, can you guard him for two dribbles? That's it. Then help's gonna come. So with that being said, there's only a handful of teams that have the capital to go to go get a young, because you gotta think about it, Ocho, look at what I'm giving up. I'm giving up a Giannis, I'm giving up a kd, I need something valuable in return. Now kds a little different KD iss a little older, so he's not gonna command Phoenix is not gonna get maybe what they think they're gonna get. Yeah, Yeah, Because there's a difference.


I think Giannis is 30, KD is about to be 37 and injury history. Remember he got nicked again at the end of the year. He missed the last couple games right when he got there, he messed up his knee. So he has a history of being injured. So you're not gonna get what you because of age in his injury history. He's still a phenomenal player. Very.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apu.edu/military.


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wow. Someone made the check this out, Joe. Yeah. I, I can't tell, I can't even pronounce this guy's name. He said Zion Williamson is entering year seven with Zia with zero playoff minutes logged. I just got sick. I mean the Zion Williamson going to the Pelicans, understanding his injury history, the fact that he hasn't been able to play enough games, even make the playoffs. He didn't have a team surrounding him or, or have the help to make the playoffs. Yeah, he had, he made, they made the playoffs, but he was hurt.


He couldn't play. Yeah, they made the playoffs. I mean, think about it. He had bra, he had bi the second year he had s he had CJ McCullough This, that was the second year, right? I don't know what year it was, but I'm saying he's, they, they've made the playoffs. Zion just hadn't been able to play. I Think, I think he, he needed new change of scenery. Yo, he needed a change. The scenery. You need to change the eatery Change of who Eatery what's important to him.


Everybody wants something more than Zion wanted for himself. Think about what he denied himself. Probably going out, partying, doing all those other things that kids his age did because he wanted to be a basketball player and he wanted to go to college and he would in college, he wanted to go to the NBA. So think about what you've denied yourself to get to where you got to. And now all of a sudden, now granted when you young Ocho you up and down the court, Ocho weight just fall off you. Yeah, I mean, I can lose, I can lose easy hell, I lose, I sweat out seven, eight pounds in a, in a practice once lost 13 pounds in a practice. You young, you can do that. As you start to get older, you see a lot of, you see a lot of young fat people.


You don't see a lot of old fat people Ocho because the heart's only so big. It's only meant to pump the size that you supposed to beat. You start getting four, you start getting three and 400 pounds when you meant to beat 200 or two 50, pump a little hard back to the body. Yeah. That's why you can't put a Volkswagen engine in a, in a 18 wheeler. It's not meant to pull that. You'll burn it out. What's important is Zion, how bad does Zion want to be? Do it. See, getting, getting in is easy. That's the easy part. Right. It gets hard to get out and get back in.


Zion is a phenomenal talent. We're never, you never gonna hear me say anything about the guy's talent. He can do it. We can do it. Kendrick Perkins doesn't think Anthony Edwards can be the face of the NBA perks said you gotta check the boxes when you're the face of the league. You know, we gotta have a signature shoe. You gotta do be commercial. You gotta have highlights, you gotta have a game. But You know what, you gotta have gotta be a role model and things outside the lines. Now if you go down the list and check all the faces, You know, you look at bird magic, I could have swore I don't got it said that last year and everybody looked at me on they killed me. Right when they said they killed. I said this very same thing on ESPN and people, I said go back and look at the, I said, how many of faces of the NBA weren't married?


But anyway, lemme finish off you go. Look at Larry Bird, magic Johnson, Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Shaq, LeBron, Steph. What did they have all have in common? They were family and they were all married with kid. But see, when I said it, yeah, because I'm a football player. What do You know? I just followed the game. I've been following the game a lot longer. Playing a lot closer attention. And when you go back and study the, the guys that's been the face of the league, what do they have in common? Why is it so easy for quarterbacks? Look at the quarterbacks. Ocho go back and study the quarterbacks that been the face of the league. What do they all have in common? I told you, I told you go back and study the NBA player Joe, what do they have in common?


But see, when I said it and chat, y'all know I said it. Everybody, Steven, they looked at me, me, Molly wanted to un just like, oh. I'm like, oh my God. I'm like, bro, I'm saying, all I'm saying is just go study it. Go look at the guys that's been in the face of the league. That's what I'm saying. What y'all, what what you think it is? Hey, hey, hey, hey Joe. Honestly, You know what I think it is. I think it's unwritten rule. Joe, you, you married right Joe? No, I ain't married. Listen, but still you, you He got here. He married. He just ain't got the paperwork. But he married. But go ahead. Oh, listen. Okay. Hello. Alright. But if, if you look, if you looking at things are going in your life, Joe, you understand God is blessing you. Huh? You know, for, for some reason things are always going right.


When you have stability, when you have a foundation to bill on. Right. When you talk about the football players, it ain't no goddamn coincidence. All the ones that are married or engaged. You notice how life is going. I'm not talking about on the field. How about off the field? Everybody ain't just name that's married. What Kenrick, Perkin said and you said, Hey, let me put my god damn ring on. Shoot. But anyway, Ocho before you go any farther. Yeah. Who, what quarterback just got engaged last year about to get married? He up in Buffalo. Oh, Josh. Josh Allen. And what they doing? Patrick Mahome? What the Patrick Mahomes do want? Yo Man, it's not a coincidence on, but not only are they good at, not only are they good at their craft, but What did Tom Brady go do?


Ocho What did Peyton Manning do? Ocho Yeah. Hey, Elway Marino. Go back and study it. The only guy, the only guy that you can definitively say, and I don't know if he was ever the face of Lee with Joe Namath at the quarterback position. Hey, but Joe was a player. Joe was A player. Roger sta Roger Staubach says, Hey, I just, hey, I just like, but I just like one. I got one woman. Yeah. Hey, listen. So okay, I I can see it eliminating the distractions, You know, things of that sort. But what is it? Yeah. What is it, Joe? You not gonna be able to get that because the people looked at, what did Tiger look at? What did Tiger do?


He went and got married, didn't he? Yeah. Yeah. What did Tiger do? He went and got married and when everything came because he sold family, he sold security. Mm. That's what he sold. And when it didn't happen, everybody was up in arms. It wasn't that each, but it's what you sold us. You sold us. It's called stability. Mm. That's what you're selling. That's stability. That's what, that's what I'm, I got, I got got a guy that, a guy that got a wife and got kids. Now see, you might say, well, hey, I know I saw him X, Y, and Z, but the general public might not ever see him. Yeah. They see, every time he does an interview, he got his door, Steph Curry.


When Steph Curry was started going to the playoffs and they going to the NBA tell the booth's sitting on who's sitting on that desk with him, who's right there beside him when he doing him interview Lil O' Riley. Y'all remember that? Yeah. And his wife Aisha in the tunnel, gave him a kiss. You see that? Yeah. Hey, hey. Okay, Ocho. I don't, it ain't too late for Oh, no, no, no, no. But I'm, I'm saying he say, yeah, he's at the tender, he's at the tender age of 23 Ocho. Oh, okay. He, he, he, at the 10 day, he, he still got high. Yeah. I keep forgetting. And only 23. Yeah. There. And look, he, he, he, he done took his, his lumps and bruises throughout, You know, the NBA seasons, the, the Postseasons.


He's been through, he's been through some wars. Yes. You know, his, his come, they they played great basketball, but yeah, they, who, who they talking about? Hold on Ocho. Who they talking about being the face. Tell the people at home. Ocho FGA tell 'em what his status is. Is he checking the single box or he checking the married box? Tell him which one he checking Ocho He married. Absolutely. He is. He's absolutely, I ain't know that. I ain't know that. What about Nico Yoic is he married? He ma he married too. What about Luca? Is he married? Everybody? Hey on. I'm going. I'm well, listen, I'm going to get me some stability Back. Look at LeBron. What you I you ready to jump that room?


Right. Why ain't Playing boy? January? What, Jerry? Matter of fact, I'm get on my, on my birthday. When your birthday? February 9th, 1968. Man, that's same, this same birthday. My son, my son at 18 just graduated high school this year. He, That's my dog, my birthday dog. I say, what's happening, man? I tell him, but I got to watch y'all though, boy. Y'all sneaky boy. Yeah. Whoa, whoa. Wait. Me, would you A Capricorn. Yeah, But Capricorn, I hope listen, signs don't, don't really identify everybody that's born in that month. That really, that's really not how, I'm not saying, I'm saying, I'm not saying all of it pertains to you.


Right. Dang, y'all got lot of similarities. You think so? Yeah. There we go. There we go. There we go. No, No, because I listen, I don't, I don't, I'm not into signs. I don't know much about signs. You know, I, I hear from time to time when you meet people, but I get along with everybody. Everybody loves me regardless of what sign they are. So it, it, yeah, I don't understand. I'm, I'm, I'm nothing like what they say Catholic forms alike. I'm a good dude and I'm just looking for sensity. Hey, I'm Not saying, I'm not saying, we ain't saying you a bad dude. Okay. Okay. I Ain't saying you ain't a good dude. I Think you Yeah, I'm a good now. I'm a good dude. I'm a good dude. Yeah, buddy, we gotta watch you. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like a hawk, But I, what I do, I know a guy said this and I, I listed all the guys, a lot of the guys, that perk name I listed those guys that that's what happened when you let a football guy talk about basketball.


Mm. Now there's a basketball guy. See they are, look, obviously it touched the nerve. I just go back and look at the face of the NBA and tell me and tell me what they were. Take football aside. Tell me what the guy, any, tell me the guy that's been the face of the NBA that did not show, Hey, display stability. Tell me the guy, Hey, I'm, I'm with you. When you Right. Hey, do you Think, you think Anthony ever could be the first one to change that? Boy, hey, there's family value, there's morals and some people just don't, I mean, it's diff it's different. It's different. Yeah. Yeah. It is. But they say the problem is a lot of people, they said, Hey, they're trying to destroy the nuclear, the family nuclear.


Listen, everyone operates at a different frequency. Y everybody operate. Okay. You can operate that. You just can't be the basic NPA you can operate that. It's okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You right. You're right. Right. And that's why, and, and I think that's a large part of why he doesn't, because he doesn't, I don't want to do that. I still want to go to my little dives hole in the wall. Y'all don't see me. I got my shades on. Right. I took them to cut. I I don't want all that. I don't want all of that. That comes along with being, because now you got people, now you got people really out there trying to, In your, in your business, trying To lift the covers up so they can show the world what you really doing and then let the cover fall back down on you And him only. And, and only being 23.


You have to move You 23. Hold on. You, you got to move completely different. Yes. Completely different. Once you cross that line, open the marriage into having stability and you have to, at that age, with that kind of money, you going to re No. And most of, and most of We he live, he live in Atlanta too, huh? Yeah. And the pro, and the thing is Ocho, a lot of these guys, LeBron knew Savannah since they were 14. Steph knew Aisha when they were teenagers. Yeah. Magic knew Cookie. Steph met not, excuse me, not Steph. Kobe met Vanessa his first to second year in the NBA.


He's 19, early 18, 19. She's a senior in high school or a junior in high school. Antman is 23. You gotta realize Kobe is 19. Ant man is 23. He meets somebody. He's like, okay, this it for me. I, I a I met mine. Got it. Yeah. How long Magic was dating cookie in college. Yeah. So It's a, it is a different time now. If, and, and it is hard. It's getting harder and harder to date. To date. And because it's because you don't know. Yeah. But I, I, for me, looking at it from a distance and studying the NBA like I have and looking at faces of the NBA, go back and look at the guys at the, that was the face of the NBA and look at their, their home situation.


Mm. Yeah. Now, hey Joy, I want you to watch Unc. Right? You see? Right. I want you to pay attention to people in the chat. I want you to pay attention to the difference in our cups. All our cups are running over right now. Everything is going good. Everything's going smooth. Now I want you to, I want you to see how life changes for your boy in 2026 when he crossed that, bro, you hear me? Yeah. Yeah. Now I want you, I want you to see how life changes for me. Now, what I want you to do is I want you to pay attention. Now remember I told you this, told him it's May, it's May 27th. Yes. 2025. When I jumped in that room after my birthday, I want you to see how life changes exponentially.


And I want you to follow suit right behind me. Dumb off. Yeah. Yeah. There he going. He going, he going to jump the room. Matter of fact, we going jump same time. Hey, hey Ojo. It's time for him to put it up. He got the plate up. Yeah, because listen, we need to listen. We need to be, we gonna, we gonna be on the right track. Okay? Right. We gonna be on the right track. So I'm, I'm gonna go ahead and take the lead and I'm gonna start it off. It's gonna be like dodge ball. You gonna Be like, Yeah, shit, you got time to play. Boy, shit. Charles Barkley also chimed in on the face of the league. Hey, ES esp NI love you guys. Don't try to make adman. He said Anthony Edwards. But don't, like, don't, don't try to make Anthony Edwards the face of the NBA.


There's the face of the NBA. It's Shea Gils, it's Nicole Yoic. It's Giannis. You can't give it to people. They have to take it and SGA is taking it right now. Yeah, he's, but I mean, and look, once somebody tells you, so, I mean, and man told that that's not what I want. Yeah. Right. And it's like the more, the more he says he doesn't want it, the more people try to bestow, pun it. But You know why, You know why? It has nothing to do with, You know, forget I'm not, obviously people are gonna say, oh look how he's playing now listen, he has this as good as he has Personality, he has charisma, he has charm. He Has everything you have. Yes. As good as XG is.


He still doesn't have that it factor that and has, he just doesn't. As great as he is, Joe, He's Office. And I just think it's hard for, for a, a foreign born player to be the face of the NBA. I just do. Yeah. You Think, you think You know where, where you think that has anything to do with it. You think No, a little bit smidge it, It'll be the same thing you think. Do you think an American born player could be the face of, of football, European football, soccer? Yeah. Oh, that's impossible. You would have to be a, See, That's that would, that would be, that would, that would be damn near impossible.


But I mean, no disrespect impossible.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into That May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully. If all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is That. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream goal, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Let's get my air man get, get Airman a little time. Yeah man. Yeah. He, he still at a tender age. Yeah. 23 is a lock man, but ain't no age 20. It, it takes a special type of something because Mo because you gotta go back and you go back and think like Magic was 20 when he came into the B. Yeah, he won, he won the championship bird, all those other guys. But normally, You know, guys were guys were 22, 23 when they was getting to the league. Ocho. Yeah. And so now guys are one and done. You asking an 18, ain't no 18-year-old about to get married, 19-year-old. No. Hey look, because you living the American dream, this is something that you've dreamed about since you was a kid.


Now that you get to this point, especially at a, at a young young age, 1920, man, you ain't trying to be tied down. You trying to go happen. You got, you gotta be mentally, you have to be mentally prepared. You gotta be mentally ready for that because it's, it's, Or or I Think you gotta come from like, you gotta have parents that were married. You have to been been, I think, I think if you was raised in a household and your parents have been married, I think it's a lot easier. 'cause look, okay, Ocho all my partners I grew up with. Yeah man, listen, they all married but they all, all they parents, they all been married since we were kids, bro. I'm the only one who grew up in a single parent household.


You know what I'm saying? But my closest homeboy, my closest homeboys, they, they, they married. Hey Joe. It it also come down to actually finding someone. Actually you can marry though. There, there's a difference. It's not, we ain't talking about just aesthetics, You know, I'm talking about someone of substance outside of just looks. So actually finding someone to marry is, is, that's a difficult, that's also difficult as hell. I come from a, I come from where of a one parent, You know, household. I didn't do things the traditional way, but I do actually value marriage and, and want that. I want that stability. Especially at my, at, at old age after being out. Yeah, for sure in the streets. Hey young, You know Joe, after being out in the streets for so long and understanding what's out there paying, there's nothing wrong with that.


But ain it's an investment. When you get no return, I don't care how much you spend and I don't care who you spend it on, it looks good. It's aesthetically pleasing. It's good to, to be able to be someone's sponsor for a while, but it it gets you nothing in return. Scores has started this week about how this thunder team could be even scarier no matter what's happening in this playoffs. Thunder, we'll be adding Serbian Star Cola yo pitch to its rotation next season. Yo pitch was the number 12 pick in the 2024 NBA draft it picked that OKC got from Houston in the 2019 Westbrook trade. But Ypi had a torn ACL and would miss his entire rookie season.


And that scared away. Most teams except OKC before the injury, the six six Ypi was viewed as a top five prospect as a Playmaking, point guard CBS sports. Mark Draft had him as high as number two. At one point next season he'll finally make his NDA debut. Man KC got a lot over there. Okay Ocho I don't know how they gonna keep all them guys together. 'cause You know, hey they got now because You know what you call can sign four for two ninety four Or you can wait five for three 80. Jalen Williams gonna want to get paid. Chess gonna wanna get paid.


I mean I, I like this guy because now you got somebody that's gonna handle the ball when, when shade's on the bench. If he is what, what they said he is, we, You know, see, but it's gonna be, it gets hard man. It gets hard Ocho because when you start winning, people come and start raiding your hen house. They want, they want, they want your chicken that's been laying these golden eggs. That's a good one. And that and that's, and that's what happens. You see it in football all the time. You see what happens eventually Philly's not gonna be able to keep all these guys those great defensive players. Now you play Ja, you play Jalen Carter. What you gonna do with Jordan Davis? Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do with Cooper Deja, what you gonna do with Brother Mitchell? Whatcha you gonna do with them? Mocho?


Yeah. I don't, okay. Ocho when you winning everybody, everybody eats. So you have to go into the luxury tax. Gotta take care of these guys. Just like if Boston would've won this year, man, they wouldn't have been, they wouldn't have cared about paying those dudes. They go, they gonna break that thing up, Joe. Yeah, now they are. Yeah, now they are. But I think even if they, I think they break it up because you got two, you, you got, think about it, you got two guys making over 300 million. You got, think about it, you got Derrick White and you got holiday making well over a hundred million. You got Al Harford probably making 35 to 38 million and you got Pinga.


Right. I think, I think if they, if they had a chance to win it this year off, I think they willing to go into the luxury tax and pay that. It's just like OKC. If they win it this year, they gonna have to go into the luxury tax. Now. They gonna have to pay them. But I heard the thing and see, and I, because I, I'm looking at the Lakers. The Lakers had the same situation. They won it in 2020 and broke the whole thing up. Y don't know what that was about. I don't know. I don't know what that was about. They had a, they had a great team. I know it was in the bubble, but they had a great team. Break it back just to see if you can repeat. I agree. I Think you, I so it makes, it makes you wonder like was there something more to it than just basketball, You know what I mean?


We'll never know. Carmelo Anthony and PG Paul George aren't convinced that Giannis will ask to be traded from Milwaukee despite the rumors surrounding his uncertain future with the organization. Giannis is that old cut era that that old era cut. I think he wants to stay in Milwaukee his whole career. That's what PG said. He ain't going nowhere. Giannis built Milwaukee. Nah, absolutely not. That, that, that matters. That matters. Not that matters not, I understand PG and Carmelo obviously very respectful, good f good friends of mine. But he honestly, honestly he not, he's not going back. He's gonna be the same thing every year. The man wants to win, the man wants to contend for another title again.


No he didn't wanna, he didn't wanna lift the heavy load every Single night. Every single night. He's further away now than what he was when he won his title. Yeah, absolutely. That's why I don't see him going back. The problem that you're up against is that, guess what you see all these got, what if Shaa gets won this year? Tatum already got one. I mean you're not worried about Steph and LeBron and Katie 'cause they've already done their, their, You know, next couple of years they're gonna be on their way out. But what about, okay C, he ain't going nowhere, at least for the next year or two. How do if, and we talked about this last night, Joe, let's just say they break it back.


Dame's not playing next year. So even if he goes back to Milwaukee, they're not better than the Knicks. They're not better than the Cavaliers. They're not better than the Pacers. And I'm not so sure is that they can beat Boston with the roster that they have with just Giannis. So now at best case scenario, oh if Orlando, if Quero and F Ner stay healthy. Yeah they're not better than him. So in best case scenario you feel the sixth. Hey look, I think, I think Giannis will always say the right. Yes. 'cause he don't like, he don't want that blowback everybody.


Right. Fa Joes, since they saw what happened to LeBron, everybody say, oh I wanna be here. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Because at least LeBron played his contract out. See LeBron is one of those guys. He never asked to be traded but he plays his contract out and people hold him to the same standard. They guys that be asking for trades. Right. LeBron is never asked to be traded. Right. When the contract out, his time contract was up in Cleveland, he went to Miami, contract was up in Miami, he went back to Cleveland, contract was up in Cleveland, he went to la. So you gotta think about it, LeBron is damn near as much time in LA had he did his last stint in, in Cleveland and Woody went, went well went to Miami.


Right. Yeah. Hey look, I can see YI, I don't know how he gonna do it, but I just see Giannis moving this summer. Okay with you. I can't see him coming, going back to Milwaukee trying to do all that heavy lifting by itself. It's gonna be tough. It's gonna be challenging 'cause they can't bring nobody in. Hell nope. Outside of what they already have, they can't bring nobody in. And the second best player is injured. But can you imagine if Giannis gets traded to a team to how I say the Mavericks or the Rockets or You know, whatever the case may be, make a run for him. Oh man.


Can you imagine like he gonna have to still do some heavy lifting but it ain't gonna be nothing like that. It ain't gonna have a whole lot of heavy lifting if he got stuff on his team. I asked you, I asked you that last night. Huh? You know where, where's the scenarios Where he could go, where the situation would be different than what it is with Milwaukee right now? Well you gotta break. First of all, Steph is healthy. Dame is not, they they, they play different types of game. Steph is perpetual motion. He's gonna get a lot of wide open looks because you gotta, you, you gotta build a wall to keep Giannis out to paint. And then when Giannis kicked, because you saw he average six assist, he's getting better as a passer.


So the thing is he's just gonna have to get a lot of teams because teams going straight up. There're only a handful of teams that could. KC, Brooklyn, Houston Rockets, they're really the only team that have the draft capital. Houston have the draft capital and the players because the ready the UK could pack sh goon. Oh the Spurs you had. The Spurs definitely have the capital. So they're the only a handful of team that have draft capital and players. Huh? That's not fair. You can't, you can't put Wim and Godda GNI together man. Hey, hey, life ain't fair.


Come on man. Yeah, Life ain't fair. You put them on a team, boy, listen, you gonna be number defense for show and what? Yeah. Hey what, what Pick what pick the Spurs got. What do pick Spurs? They got the two, spurs got the number two pick. So you got a a big dime draft. They got plenty other draft picks. I don't know if they're gonna be willing to part with Ka. Obviously Stephan Castle and Wim I would think would be. But anything else, I mean you got Fox, you gonna have to, you probably gonna have to get off cast. You okay? Okay. If you got Fox. Yeah. Yeah you got Fox. I got Fox with that.


So you got Fox, you got Weby. Giannis? Yeah. You sure Ocho man. Wait, Darien Fox? Yeah. Dion Fox. What? Hell no, that's not fair. Nah, aint that ain't fair. That ain't fair Because Milwaukee gonna want some star powers. Yikes. And they young boy canceled. He's proven, You know, he just won a rookie of the year. So they gonna want, they gonna want some they, they gonna want somebody and I want a proven player. I want a couple of proven players. I might take Vassel and then Kelvin Johnson too. And I want that number two pick and a couple of other picks and some pick swaps. Hey, hey for Giannis it's worth, yeah, because let me tell you, I think if he plays with some some other great talent, he will be more of a willing passer versus, You know, I know he'll still be downhill, but I think he'll be more reluctant.


You know, I think he'll pass a lot more versus just driving in there, You know, just trying to get fos and things of that sort. He a cheat code man. He's a cheat code for sure. The volume.


When you're part of a Military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more@apu.apuus.edu slash military.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeart podcast.