
You're listening to an iHeart podcast


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they pped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Memorial Day Doorbuster deals are here at Lowe's right now. Rewards members. Save $80 on the Master Forge four burner gas grill now just 1 49 plus rewards members. Save $900 on the Lowe's exclusive high sense French door refrigerator. Now only 9 99. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 26. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details, programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lows.com/terms Subject to change.


Hi, It's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver. Responsibly The volume.


Joe, we gonna get you outta here on this. You're the head coach at Dynamic Prep High School in Irving, Texas. Max Prep announced that dynamic prep finished number one in the final top 10 high school basketball ranking JO when you were playing. Did You know, always knew you wanted to be a head coach and what's that journey been like for you? Listen, bro, I had no idea that I was coach until I was the head coach, to be honest. Well, this young man, honestly, it's been one of those things where, to be completely honest with you, man, like I, You know, I was kind of dealing with some stuff. I was dealing my own personal issues when it came to, You know, I had a little abandonment issue, You know, growing up.


You know, I met my dad when I was 30 years old. He died 13 months later. I was 13 years into the NBA when that happened. So I've always struggled a little bit with this thing and, and, and then obviously after the deal happened in, in Detroit, I started, You know, I didn't, I didn't love playing as much anymore Okay. Because of everything. And so when I was done, I wanted to just go and be with kids. Okay? Just give back what was given to me. I was fortunate enough when I was a young, when a young boy had Xavier McDaniel start a little teen in Columbia, South Carolina, Tyrone. Yep. When gave back Alex English, had some camps I used to go to. So I just wanted to give, You know, give back to kids man. And I just really put my head down and, and just started, You know, investing into the community that way.


And it's been, we've had an amazing run, You know, with Drive Nation Club, You know, we've had a bunch of lottery picks and first round picks and even second round picks over the last eight, eight, You know, eight years. And I, You know, I feel like I needed to start a school, which is more of an impact 'cause you get 'em five days a week versus, You know, two or three days a week when it comes to club. So, You know, I I, I'm energized about it. Honestly. I don't know how long I'm a coach. I'm a coach again right next year. But I do believe that, You know, you have to give back. If you have knowledge and ability to give back to your community, man, you gotta give, you gotta give you, take those tools and give back to these young kids. Not only these kids, but most importantly these parents that don't quite understand what it is.


You know, when it comes down to the business of being a pro and the, and the pro shit that you gotta do every day to become a pro and not skip steps. And so that's the reason why, You know, I do what I do and that's why I started Dynamic Prep was you just gotta be honest with him. Your son not gonna be LeBron James. He not gonna be Steph, he not gonna be Michael George. Because You know, every, every, everybody, every, every parent they kid is that kid. Yeah, but You know what Uncle I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you the truth, okay? For the first time ever, I hear more parents talk about NIL than they talk about the pros. Oh yeah. Really crazy. Yeah. Worry about money. Money. Well, you got parents that, that are looking to retire off their kids going to college.


And so when you look at the product, right? Yeah. You got the product now and, and You know, when you talk about the pros, the deterioration of it is happening at, at the youth level. Mm. Right? And so now you got everybody in place running to go grab kids and I got this, I can get you a deal. I, and so the parents are so, their mind is so, so, so fr so frazzled. Right. That can't think appropriately. So they making decisions based off the economics of what they're hearing, not knowing that that, that that true, that true money percent Right. Is really 2% anyway, getting the money everybody ain't getting, ain't getting all that. Right. Right. Yes. And so that's the thing where we try to, we try to bring some, some real positive information and tools and attach your day-to-day with what you say you trying to get to.


Right. And so for us, our job is to continue to invest into the community to show people, Hey look man, this is about to work. If you do think about when you guys coming through, you wasn't worried about when you going, when you, you was gonna be chosen, right? Because you was good. Yeah. I was already chosen. Right. That's what I'm saying. So you, we worrying about the reps and the work that we gotta put in, I ain't absolutely making no all star game or getting picked for this or getting picked for that. So that was coming no matter what. I just gotta figure out can my schedule handle it. Right? Right. But right now, people are willing to stop working to try to, to try to talk about or try to get something they ain't investing No, no, no, no sweat equity into from the start.


And so that's what's problematic about everything and that's why you see in the transition happen so hard or, or is becoming so hard. And that's why college now coaches are saying we only trust 25 year olds. Yeah. You don't trust high school kids no more. Which 25 year olds, they had shit be thrown by now. Yeah, yeah. And they been and started asking that. I mean, You know, people was asking, I, I remember hearing the question whether Blake Griffin was so good, why'd he go back for his sophomore seat? What I mean, You know, if, if if a guy's good OCHO is like a basketball, if a guy don't come out after his freshman year, well man, he must not be that good.


I mean, you're not going, you're never, you're never gonna see another Tim Duncan. You're not gonna see a four year superstar like that. Right. You're not, you're just not, it's not gonna happen, man. It's not them fans mad. 'cause they gotta even send their kids to school. Right. They want to, they wanna skip that damn level too to go get some money. Damn. It's, it's crazy bro. And it was, it was crazy. I was just down at the live period down in Memphis two weeks ago, and I'm talking to the coach, I'm in the gym talking to the coaches for the closest club side and they said, man, we just hit checking boxes. So we, we really getting, we really recruiting outta the portal. And that's staggering to me because again, as a parent, my kid's going to SMU next year to play in the acc. Right. But as a parent, when I'm looking at this and I'm trying to, You know, I, I'm, I'm still, I have to account for the other parents I have.


Right? I'm a little bit like, damn, like really? So these kids, you got some kids out here that's actually really doing it the right way. And he may get skipped over because the coaches are now checked out because now the kid, they so they too afraid to recruit a, a high school kid. 'cause they think the high school kid gonna get him fired. Wow. Remember it's a money game now. So if you, it's kid three, four, oh half a million. If he don't come there and get busy, these coach is gone. Okay? And plus the thing is jail is that you can't coach kids like you, you get on a kid now he getting into that portal ain't no correction. You just gotta let, sometimes it's just like you gotta let the kid run am up like, bro, I'm just trying.


I'm trying. Yeah. I'm gonna coach you hard 'cause I, you said, you said you wanna go to that next level. Yeah. Okay. This is what it's gonna take for you to get there. Yep. No, a hundred percent. And I'm, and I'm, and I'm a shout out at my school. That's the reason why we, in this year three, we win it. Right? We, You know, we, we get ranked the best prep school because I'm not about to let no parent come to my program telling me what to do with the kids. Because we talk about, You know, taking, if your kids say, okay, hey, I wanna go to college, I wanna be the best to go to college, I wanna go to the pros. I know that shit. Right? Right. So which one of y'all play college ball? Which one of y'all played in the NBA? The WNBA. Okay, get back over there. Let me do this.


But You know what, I, You know what I call it though? I said, look, I I I, I, I say this to parents all the time. I said, would you let a, a career? And I ain't got no problems with line care people, right? Would you let a career lawn care guy do your account? Nah. I said, well, why would you, why would you mess around with your kid unless somebody else that is not has no history? You ain't gotta be a pro. It has no history of doing the things of everything that your kid say he inspired to do. And we see that too many times, man. And then, You know, we obviously we gotta be a little bit better in our community and how we work together as well too when it comes to these kids. Yep. Gerald, thank you for joining us. You got anything you wanna promote? Where can they find you? Ig, Twitter, Facebook, anything you want to get?


Wanna Yeah, just, yeah. IG man. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you, man, I'm gonna start doing a little bit more. I'd like to come back on some sometime soon, man. Absolutely love to be on. You know, I, I was a little bit again, I told you about my dad's situation, so I never want Yeah. A moment with my daughter at Texas. I didn't even wanna miss a moment with my son. Now I'm an empty nester, so I'm about to start hitting these rounds on, You know, on doing stuff like this with you guys on TVs. Love it. Oh, absolutely. Your daughter's a volleyball player, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. That's my mini welcome con congratulations on Batman Jail. Thanks for joining us. Jermaine O'Neil six time Allstar, three time all NBA selection from Eau Claire High School in Columbia, South Carolina. J thank you for Thank you for joining us, man.


Come back and join us soon, man. All right. Jay Ocho, I'll met you man. I'm coming down to Miami, bro. Come on man. Come on down here man. We can play one-on-one. All right. We can do that. I'm with appreciate y'all, man. Alright. Appreciate it. Joe. Ah, ocho during a, during OTH this week, AJ Brown admitted surprise at his current mindset coming into the league. We're taught, we're playing for this reason, we're playing for the trophy. And once we got the trophy, it was just like, I thought everything would be fulfilled, like the hard work and everything. But no, it's a journey. It's the journey that matters the most. That means the most because those are the moments you look back with your teammates, those that are spending time with you, going to war with, you're suffering together, you're winning together.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, once you look, I wanted to be a pro Bowl player. Yeah. I want to be an all a, a an all pro player and I wanted to win a championship. I ain't think about no Hall of Fame. I ain't even realize the Hall of Fame till Mark Kier told me in nine six. Like, man, he's like, bro, you could put together a couple more years. You, you can go to the Hall of Fame. Right? I was like, what? I was like, they take seventh rounds in the Hall of Fame, like it don't matter what round you get drafted and they go by production. I was like, okay. That was the first time that I had really even gave a thought. Now mind you, OCHO in 91 we played in the Hall of Fame game. I went into that very building that my bus resides in.


That's, that's Dope. Not even thinking man. Never even d bro. I'm from Glenville, I'm from Savannah State Hall of Fame. Yeah. And Joe Green in the Hall of Fame, Terry Bradshaw, Roger Staubach, the greats are the greats in the Hall of Fame Legends. Yes. But you realize, and it's not good enough to make one pro bowl because hell, anybody can do it once. Yeah. Can you go back when they know you, the guy, when they game playing for your ass Over and over, Can you get, can you become an all pro again when they game playing for you? Yeah. When you walk to the middle of field, man, hell of a game.


Sharp man ocho Hey man, you gave us that work today Ocho hey. Yeah. Don't worry about it. We'll see your ass again. Yeah, that's what I want. I want, when y'all go in the meeting on Wednesday, I want y'all to circle to eight that tie the end of 84. We gotta deal with him. And I, I I, I totally agree with AJ because there's nothing like that's what you ocho I never missed the game, right. I missed the bus ride the plane, ride the bull driving in the locker room in the training room, joking. Right. And the me, You know, meeting room cracking jokes. That's what you, because that's what you'll never gonna be able to replace Ever. You'll never, you'll never, and you look, you're not besties with everybody, but you're not gonna be around 10, 11 guys that y'all laughing and joking back.


You're never gonna be like that again. It's never gonna be like that again, don't you? Nah, It, it's not. And listen, and I just, what you just talked about, about AJ Brown, I, I've, I've become a little bit more fond of young bull man as of late hearing some of the things he's talked about. I'm not gonna get into detail on it, but his perspective on life and other, and other topics that I've seen him speak on. And he's become a, a huge, a huge favorite of mine. Not even the receiver AJ Brown, that's about the human being, the person, the husband, the, the, the person he is and values and morals in which he stands and, and said, I, I never knew that about him.


I never knew it about him because I've never had the opportunity to, to interact with him outside of the game of football. But, right. But hearing him and where he stands, You know, and, and, and his beliefs very, very, very admirable from the outside looking in on, on, on what I thought an individual was like, You know, based on what I see on the field, but then who he truly is off the field. Dude, I I, I love dude man, I, I, I love he real sharp. He sharp. Yeah. And he got a sharp man, man. So it was a joy to see him in a different light than what I expected based on the football player that I got to watch on Sundays.


I, I remember we won the Super Bowl and obviously man ain't nothing like it. Like I said, we broke the NFC. The NFC had run 14 straight super ocho and to win it and to hold that trophy to actually, to actually be on the field, to have the confetti come down in your colors and you got the trophy. Now think about how many times I've seen the, the Super Bowl winning team go on the field and get that trophy and everybody's looking at it now. I finally have it. Yeah. A small kid from Glenville, Georgia went to Savannah State in seventh round draft pick. And I'm the starting tight end. They announce my name and everything and everybody in Glenville said, You know what?


I know somebody that actually played in the Super Bowl. As a matter of fact, I probably went to school with him, his brother or his sister. That was me. Mm. And winning that trophy. There was, that was, that was like, that was, that was at that point in time probably the crowning achievement of my career. And I remember going into the off season and I'm like, 'cause back then, You know, it was 16 games, ocho and then, You know, we had the, still had the two weeks. And so we started playing, I mean we first week, so I think the, I think the sub bowl was damn near like the end of January. It wasn't, it didn't bleed into February. Mm. And I just remember like the off season ocho, I was like, man, so I took, I took about an extra week off and got back into it.


And I remember when we came back to OTAs and Mike got up in there. He is like, Hey, congratulations guys, I'm proud of this. I'm proud of you guys. He said, if you wanna be special, you gotta do, do it again. Yeah. There are a lot of teams that's one, one in a row. He said, if you want to go, you wanna be special, you wanna be remembered, we gotta go back to back. And that was the mindset that we adopted. And I remember once to see, we came out, I mean we had a, we had a great, You know, as a matter of fact we had a great training camp. Everything was great. We had, we were having fun and Mike would put one, like most teams have their schedule up, they're all 16 games.


Right. You put one game at a time. He said, this is a 16 round fight. We going one round at a time. Right. B boom knock the Patriots out. And so we just going down, just checking up, just checking them off, checking 'em off Ojo checking them off 13 weeks. 'cause think about it. We won our last, last game. No. Yeah. Well our last two games. Nine, seven. Yeah. What Our last two games in 97, no last game in nine, seven beat the Chargers. Then we go through the playoffs, win the Super Bowl, then we come out. So we win like 18 straight games. Ocho feeling good. Yeah. Get to the playoffs.


But I agree with everything he said it, there's something about that moment. And when I get on the phone and I talk to Burns or me and Rod Smith calling Foot Feed some of them guys. And man, we just, Hey man, you remember such and so we at the back of the playing Jonie, I mean very few, very few times Ocho do we ever talk about the Super Bowl game itself? Right. We're talking about going to the game. We're talking about on the plane ride back on the bus ride back. Very seldom do we mention anything about the Super Bowl itself. We always talk about the plane ride or man, you remember we got aid Man we got snowed in and we had to go get people on snowmobiles to go to Buffalo. We get to Buffalo like 1 30, 2 o'clock in the morning.


Yeah. And we got a one o'clock game. Yeah. Man, I bet that was so much fun. Ain't nothing like that. Ain't nothing like that. And then when you're in it, Ocho Yeah, you don't get to enjoy it. You don't, you don't because you, you are in it and you feel if you enjoy it, it's gonna take you out of that, that mindset of what you need to do to make sure you try to stay in it. So, man, ain't nothing like that. Hey, AJ Brown said he's also upset about the current haircut. Haircut price in the country. Haircut prices are crazy nowadays. I used to pay $20 for a cut, AJ ain't no more.


20 bucks cut. Cool by we, I used to pay five So we all made mistakes. Right.


But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree. Cool Rush is Geant. Well, last year they changed the formula and they did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admit it, they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Are you shopping for a new laptop while still trying to keep up with technology and ai? Talk about feeling burnt out. But no more. lenovo.com makes it easier than ever to find the perfect pc. In fact, we'll break it down for you. Step one, shop our lineup of IPC's powered by Intel core ultra processors. Because why deal with downloading new software? When you can buy a smarter PC that already comes with all of the AI features and tools. Step two, find the one that fits your passion. Whether you're a creative genius, a research scientist, a hardcore gamer, or a future CEO. No dream is too big. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel inside, you can keep up with your ideas as well as any challenges you may face. Step three, add to cart and purchase. Oh, if you're a college student or a teacher, make an education account through us and get 5% off your whole order. Shop now@lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you Two fitting.


I hey at at at what? I, but you gotta realize, don't you? I'll get haircut. It is in the seventies. Yeah. Me and my brother, my grandfather get married. My brother, You know, $4, two to $5. Yeah, you could. We get both of us. Get a haircut in college. That's all you giving you a teammate. And I wish I would play a guy $5 a cut my hair. Boy, you better Boy. Times are different boy. Yeah, times are different Man. Oh, ocho, look, I ain't got no problem. You know. Hey good. $60 for a cut. I'm gonna go and tip your forny ocho dude. Be they be wanting 200, 300 to cut me. Man. Listen, it's time. Listen. Charge $15 for a part, Boy. You know, hold on. You talking about a haircut.


200 boy. Two steaks at the grocery. At the grocery store. What? 43? Yeah. You ain't, well guess what? How much are they in the restaurant? Oh, $70. Yeah. So at least you got two. Hey, they gotta make their money up some kind of way. They Ain't got no choice. You not to mark it up. You not look, look, a lot of times, a lot of times what happens though, Joe, is that if an a, if if barbers cut athletes, celebs and entertainers, they wanna live that lifestyle. Right Bro, you need to, you need to play pick up a play a sport. You need to act, play an instrument or dance sing or something because you not finna come up on me. Hey, I grow dreads first.


I grow dread, I get twists. I'm not paying no 300 for no cut. I don't care if I got 20, 30, 40, 50, 60 million. I'm not paying no 300 for no cut. Don't you? Hey, that's a lot. I'm not, that's a lot. That is that. Well, just a cut That. Listen, that's a lot. Now, now what we can say is, is about our, but our, but our but our friend not too long ago. Who's down here in Miami now? That kind of service. Yes. Well boy, I, I forgot, I forgot, I forgot his Instagram name. But for that kind of service, not, yeah, $300. Now we talking we can, we could, we can talk dinner. Oh yeah. Okay. So if you, you gonna cut it, you gonna dye it? Yeah. You gonna gimme a facial? Facial And all. Yeah. I got you got. Now that I understand Now, I'm not gonna get that every time.


Not the time, but every so often, You know you got your nice little date night with your girl you want, you wanna get Yeah. Yeah. Boom. There you go. Now you good Bro? Man, please man. You think I'm gonna let you, you gonna be on my head for cutting my hair for 30 minutes and I'm gonna go give you 300. And then you wanna expect a tip? Tip Who? Tip What? I got a tip. Don't eat salary. Ride the bus. That would be a terrible experience for everybody. I ain't got that for you. Don't Joe. No, but nah, I'm trying to think. Eh, aj Yeah, well I'm saying, I think, I'm trying to think when I played, how much would I play for a cut? Yeah. I'm playing my 20, $30.


Yeah. Yeah. I played the dude cut my hair. Now he do a good job. I give him, I give him a a, I Think you like 45, 50 hours a hair. I give him a hundred. Ain't damn what? Big money. Okay. Yeah. Big money. But he did that do a good job of getting me in because like, like when I was in Atlanta, Ocho like all my, I, I like, I don't like to do, I don't do no walk-ins. I like a standing appointment. So for my nails, my facials right, my haircut, my massage. Right. I would pay at for the, I would pay for the whole year. God damn Pay the whole year. Because guess what Ocho when I say, when I say hey, I want my time, they're more apt to move somebody to get me in as opposed to them moving me to get somebody else in.


But You done already paid everything up. Yeah, I done paid, I done got back. Hey, weren't you? Hey. Yeah, I always did that. Hey, you, you complaining about me on you 5,200 and you paying for nails, minuscules and SA whole year They providing a service. What you doing? Is you taking money out my pocket? I can't, I can't pay him. I told him, I said I would, I told the barber I would pay you money, but I ocho owed me 5,900 and I can't pay you. I ain't never heard nobody do that. Well, you black. Yeah. Hey, You different. Hey, Ocho changed this out. I remember I paid, I had ran out 'cause I get like, so I got this package and that lady runs a special on, on facials.


You know, if you go ahead and pay, you buy 12. Can I get 'em once a she'll give you 15. I bought the package, got the job at Fox. I, I, I I still got some older books. I I have some older books. Right. I ain't got 'em no more. But yeah, I, but I like that. I I like a standing appointment. They know I'm coming at this time. Hey, when I go, when did I get my massage? Monday? I used to get massages Monday. No, Wednesday, Friday. That's when my massage haircut was Thursday. Nails Thursday.


I like that. I like knowing. I, I, I like, I like structure. I like a schedule. I like being on a schedule. I think everybody knows that. Right. And I'm gonna be a, and I'm gonna be a and I'm gonna be p I'm gonna be ticked if I come in there and I gotta wait longer than five minutes because You know I'm coming. I've already paid you for this time. Right. So don't a don't be trying to get a, i I can squeeze you in. Come at 2 45 when You know my appointment's at three because I'm gonna feel some type of way I'm gonna be, so just so everybody know, SHA discuss the hate he receives online while saying he's planted to be visible in the Cleveland community.


99% of the hatred directed at me is towards my pops. And then I'm just his son. But the kids didn't grow up in an era where they watched him play. It's just the older generation that does it to me rather than younger people. Because when I come to a person and I, there's no negativity. I see. But it's all over online. That's why I say I like going to sch. I like going to schools in person and actually meeting the kids. And any questions they have, I say just ask me whatever the question you want. Pick any question. No filter, no anything. That's what they say. And I j and then I just answer whatever they need me to answer. What you think Ocho any truth to what he's saying?


Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. Listen, the, the young folks really don't have a problem with it. They enjoy 'em. But it's, it's the older kids, not older kids. The older gen, older folks in general. Right. You know that that's, You know, the hate. And yes, some of the hate does come from his father, but also some of the hate is going to come from him. And what he's been able to accomplish so far, what people mistake for, for arrogance or cockiness, which is merely confidence, which is all he is showing. Some people don't like that. Some people want you to be humble. They want you to dimmu light because it makes them uncomfortable. Yeah. My light. It hurting your eyes. My your light shining bright. It it, it might do, but I'm, I'm not diming it obviously he's, he's a quarterback.


The quarterback position is supposed to carry himself a certain way. It's, it's a way in which he doesn't carry himself. And he hasn't been given any grace as opposed to other quarterbacks that were just as boisterous. You know, they don't, You know, with the money, they, They love that, didn't they? And listen, Listen, it, it's different. It's, it's a double standard. But it is what it is. So you understand that. I hope he doesn't change anything. I hope he doesn't change anything. Just put his head down. Do the work you need to do and hand handle your business and change the quarterback position, which hasn't been good for the Browns consistently in a very, very long time. Since number 19. Benny. Since, since Bernie CoStar in the eighties.


Yeah. And before that you gotta go back to Otto Graham. Yeah. So they really, don had two good quarterbacks. I'm just, I'm wishing, But here I'm wishing well, I'm wishing well, man, Ojo, you're not gonna be able to win with people. Because if I dress nice, oh, he trying to show off. If I dress down, he broke. Yeah. You see Ocho, there ain't no in between. No, it ain't no in between. Because it's your, you, you projecting, you're projecting. Right. The man's confidence. The man believes in himself. Yeah. Every, everybody that's ever accomplished anything has believed in themself.


I would sometimes you're the only, if I don't believe in me, who else gonna believe in me? Exactly. When people told me, Shannon, you ain't gonna do nothing. I believed the one person that told me I would, me, because I was the one that was gonna be lifting that weight. Right. I was gonna be the one that was running. I was gonna be the one that stayed in and didn't go out and party. That was going to be me. Now, if it didn't happen, Ocho, I wasn't gonna be able to blame anybody because I knew what I wanted to become. I knew what I wanted to accomplish. But no matter what you do, if I say y'all, I'm going out there, do, I'm bragging then I don't show up and play well. Or he's sorry. He terrible right Now.


I told you what I was gonna do. I'm bragging. I don't do anything. I'm not any good. I dress well. Oh, he tried to show off. I got hold of my pa he broke. Hey, Listen. So how do I win By now, Karen? I eat at a nice restaurant. I, man, I wish I would pay a hundred dollars for a steak, man. Them drinks cost $30. The c me eat at a fast food chain, man. He got, he, hey, he can't eat he with a fan food chain. 'cause he can't eat at that hundred dollar point. You see what I'm saying? Don't you? Yeah. So at, at some point in time, you just gotta be secure in who you are. Right. And do what you wanna do no matter what and Do what you wanna do. Can't please everybody. Right.


And that, and that's the, that's the har that's the hardest part, right? Is that because before OCHO you didn't have all, you didn't have, we didn't have social media, so people couldn't jump in your comments. People didn't have a way of saying anything. I mean, the national media, they might, You know, you had a bad game, they would tear you up. But now, I mean, everybody jump on your timeline. Everybody got something to say. Everybody, You, you have to be in a, in a era where everybody's very sensitive. Individuals that are in the limelight, whether it be sports, if Entertainment, Entertainment, you have to be mentally strong, mentally strong. You do. You, you, you just, you just have to be.


And if you're not, if you're not mentally strong, you don't need to be in certain business businesses in general because Oh, they coming for you. Yeah. Hell, they sometimes they're coming because look, everybody's not happy for your success at all. And sometimes they wanna see you successful until you become successful. And then, You know, I I told you Andrew Sho told me a a a great quote. He said, the easier it is to make money doing something, the more resentful and envious people become of you. Because everybody feel like they got a voice and they can talk. Yeah. So if you make an X amount of money, hell, I can do that. Why he get to do it? And I can't. You see everybody realize, bro, I ain't finna be six nine, I'm not gonna be able to run no 4, 3 40.


I'm not gonna be able to hit the curve ball, the slider or the change up. But talking Ocho, you need to tell my or the camera and the microphone and he can make that he making that kinda money and making that kind of money. Yeah. So the easier it is to do something, the more resentful and envious people will, will become of you. And it, it, and I'm not, look, like I said, I, I wasn't used to this ocho I wasn't, I wasn't used like I play football. I'm expecting Kansas City to dislike me. I expect the Raider fans to dislike me. I'm on the Broncos. We beat hell out your team. You should dislike me. Right. But what I got into this and I didn't know, I didn't know I had this like even at, at undisputed because You know, I was everybody's favorite uncle.


You know what I'm saying? Don't you? I was talking about the George Floyd. I was talking about Walter, Walter Scott. I was talking about Eric Garner. I was talking about Sandra. But I was, I was doing all that stuff on yo, we talked about the Colin Kaepernick, skip and I, we talked about it when everybody else had abandoned it and with nobody touch it. We touched it. And I'm talking about with both feet. So I like, which I'm on my own now because everybody kept telling me, man, you need to be on your own. You don't need to be taking this yada, yada, yada. I said, okay man. He'll sell out. He gossipy, he zested. Like, well damn, They, they, they gonna come. There they come.


But, but You know what? And, and, and You know a lot like Shannon, that, that, that comes along with it. I was like, really? That comes along with it. I've, I've always felt I wanted the fortune. Damn the Fame. Mm. You know, you hear a lot of people say Ocho Fame and fortune. Nah, I gotta, I coulda, I coulda did. I coulda I could picked the fortune. Yeah. I mean, listen, it's, it is nice. It is nice to be the, the fortune is very nice. I hear a lot of people tweet that out. I want, I want the money, not the Fame. Well, it's really hard to have one without the other. It is, it's very hard to have one without the other. There, there is, there's, there's no give or take. Well, it all depends on how you accumulated it. See if you've accumulated it in sports. Right. If you accumulated it in entertainment.


Right. It's hard. Yeah man, a lot of these billionaires, they walk by you. You wouldn't even know who they were. No, you wouldn't, you wouldn't definitely wouldn't You, you would have no earthly idea that such and such is worth a billion. Yeah. 2 billion, 800 million. Because they didn't make it in a way that you saw them make it. Right. See, if a guy playing sports, you, well LeBron James has made 800 million in, well 500 million in NBA salary. Tom Brady made 300 plus million dollars in NFL salary. Right. So you can see that. But a guy that invested in Google that you didn't see a guy that bought Netflix on Nvidia. You didn't see somebody had Berkshire Hathaway.


You didn't see so, and they sitting on tons or they got this invested in a startup Uber, and now they 10 x 15 x 30 x their money sitting on horns of cash ocho Oh yeah. Walk right by you. You never know. Never never know. But, but You know what Ocho and, and, and, and now you see it, it comes along with it that comes along with his territory. I feel bad for, I feel bad, but I think Ur being in the situation that he is in and, and being who he is, I think his dad has prepared him for this.


Oh absolutely. I think he's prepared him extremely well. Absolutely. You know, time Gotti, You know, people say time was selfie, he's going back and forth playing football and basketball. Well he the boat bro. I mean, think about it. If you can make, if you can make 20 million doing one job and you can make another 20 million doing it another job, you was like, nah, I don't want that 20 million over there. You know, it wasn't like he was doing it on the free, he, they were pair him to play baseball. Oh yeah. He In two checks And He Was good damn good. I mean, you could, but it's tough. I mean, some people are, some people are delighting that he got, he went into the fifth round. But I, You know, OCHO ain't where you go is what you do once you get there.


That's It. That's my, that's my favorite line. Because At the end of the day, you gonna have to show one way or another, you fir cam ward with the first pick. He gonna have to show what he can do in Tennessee. All the, everybody, you'll get helmet the shoulder, pass some cleat. Okay. You know, and go prove You all what you say you Are. And he, he flying under the radar right now too now because of all the attention that shit. Yes. And he flying under the radar. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm wishing him well too. Yeah. I mean I know you from Miami, but everybody wasn't happy when the OCHO went to Cincinnati. No. Probably not. No. Hell no. No. You, I didn't care either because one thing that was, That's my dream.


It ain't yours. Hey, I don't know what your dream, I ain't living your dream. I'm living mine. Hey, It ain't, I ain't matter. Ain't matter. Who care or who care. Not nothing. I knew what was gonna happen when I got there. I could tell, I tell you that. I ain't worked this hard to have a cup of coffee. Oh yeah. You know, I tried out for the Broncos. Oh no. It wasn't gonna be. No, try try. I don't know nothing about that don't you? I ain't had no choice but to make it. That's it. That's it. Yeah. No choice to work to put all those years. Think about how long you've been playing. I think I started playing tackle football at nine. Yeah. I started at four. Liberty City Optimist. I mean Miami licks optimist. I never forget. Yeah. I started playing football at nine years age of age.


So nine got drafted at 21 turned 22 like two months later. Yeah. So 13 years. That wasn't, I mean not make it, it wasn't no option for me. Yeah. I knew they had something I can do. And now, now I Have a 13 year special team career. But I'll go play in the NL Something. Don't. No, don't gimme no chance. Gimme a chance. If you want to get out there, you getting the job back. I'm thinking about that man. That's so long ago. Yeah. 1998 Miami Lakes, Optimus, I remember my coach too. Miami Lakes, Optimus Pythons off 67th Avenue.


Boy, you wasn't no damn four years old in 1998. What the hell you talking about? Well, No, I'm thinking about my first coach. I'm telling you what I can, I can remember and recollect. You said 1998? Yes. I started at four, but I don't remember my coaches when I started that year. Oh. I'm telling you, when I first Remember my coach. Yeah. Dale Dutton. Yeah. Yeah. With my first coach. His mom was a substitute teacher. Right. And that day at PE smoked all the kids talking about you ought to play football for my son. You wanna play football son? Yeah. I like you better. You better you talk to my grandma. You married boy, ain't you? Yes ma'am. Bus dropped me off the lady.


Let damn near run me over. Pull in the yard, don't you? Hell no, lady. I got on the bus and I Well damn. Yeah. You know, you could have called. Damn man. That's, that's a's some good memories, man. I never damn do Smithson was west his soul. He was my second coach. Yeah. Yeah. Because You know, you, you ch you, you pick, everybody got to pick three. You get to pick three players because I how you do it. Don't yo see like I came, I came late. They had already started my first coach. They had already got the team I already picked. Right. But I was gonna play on her team and it, and I was like, I gotta play on his team 'cause he gonna take me home.


Right. Yo, hey, if you upbringing, she had to shop home. I couldn't play. Right because, and we didn't have a one car and my sister wasn't gonna be coming to pick me up from practice. So Mary say Francis, you gonna fetch, you going to fetch that boy home. Yeah. Mary, I'll bring him home. Okay. So she brought me home next year, Dorsey, I went the first round, brought me home. And then what's the guy? Billy Shoemaker. Oh man, I can't think of the guy's name.


Ocho damn. Might have been, was it Dale Lauder? Dale Lauder might've been my coach. I got, I gotta ask Libby tomorrow, but I got that ride home though. Yeah. Oh yeah. And when I played, when I got to high school, Ocho, I know it was a, they wasn't supposed to do it, but you had to because my aunt, my sister would drop my aunt off. Mm. To all the football games, basketball games, the track meet. Shit you had to, oh, sorry. Damn. He could, oh, you had to take my aunt home, right? Yeah. My aunt ride home. It'd be all the guys in my aunt.


Hey, hey coach. You know my aunt? Oh yeah, she can come on. Hey.


So we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool. Rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they fd up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms, C rates and fees.


Unlock smarter learning with Lenovo AI powered PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors. Head to lenovo.com and choose from multiple devices to fit your passions. If you're a gamer, you can spend less time stressing about GPUs and CPUs and more time dominating with your AI enabled smart engine, which optimizes your game performance in real time. Or maybe you're a scientist on the verge of a groundbreaking discovery and need a device with a longer battery life and AI enhanced tools to give you extra time to finish your research. Or you're a musician preparing for your biggest break and need better, faster AI tools to make digital art a breeze like creating band posters and t-shirt designs. Or you're a soon to be graduate, needing to catch a recruiter's eye to land that dream job. So you need cutting edge smart tools to build your portfolio from scratch. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers, get 5% off with an education account on lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


Custom window treatments are a small upgrade that have a big impact. No better time to shop than now at blinds dot com's. Memorial Day mega sale blinds.com invented a better way to shop for custom window treatments. 100% online with upfront pricing, no showroom markups, no pushy salespeople in your home. Whether you're a DIY warrior, prefer the white glove treatment or somewhere in between. blinds.com can help. Our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. Plus we can even handle everything from measure to install style. Every room effortlessly with classic shutters for living spaces, blackout for bedrooms, motorized options for ease. Shades for your patio too. With over 25 million windows covered and 40,005 star reviews, blinds.com is the trusted name and custom window treatments all backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds dot com's Memorial Day mega sale. Save up to 50% sitewide Plus get a free measure now@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


That's dope, man. Yeah, man. She, she went to every, she, my Aunt Jane call the top, she went to every football, every one of my football games in high school. Every one of my home basketball games, she was there. Every one of my track meets. She was there every last one of them. Damn. I come out a, I get dressed. Stop. You ready to go? Yeah. She get a, she get in the band, she get on the bus with us, every one of them. And there was some days, as a matter of fact my, my, my co my track coach and My high school football coach, coach Hall, actually he go into the Hall of Fame.


My brother, he coached my, he obviously he coached my mom. My mom graduated in 60, I graduated 86. So 26 years. He coached 50 years, right? Yep. He told the doctor, coach Hall probably be about old coach, hall mom, 81. So Coach Charles, she'll be about 87. He told the doctor, he said, coach, how you doing? He said, I'm doing good. He said, I got one more guy. I got one more boy to get into the Hall of Fame. And then Doctor, I'm good after that. I don't care nothing about after that. Yeah. Yeah. Man, that joke, he called my sister. He, he get in Coach Al. I don't know. Okay. When you find out, let me know. So he got in, she drove up there and she told him Coach Ley, he, but I showed good.


So we just, we just booked in and his wife reservation Think the other day, I think Shelly took care of it the other day. That's what, that's what makes it special. Ocho Yeah. When you have a coach that's been a part of this, he coached my mom. He coached my uncles, my driver's ed, my si You know, my, all my aunts, my sister, me, my brother. And then was a part of it. 'cause he lived in Savannah. The home games. I look, I see him on the side. I see him standing over the side. Had a white guy named Billy Strickland. Ocho only white guy there only come from Glenville. Yeah. Only white guy at the hall.


He was at the, that man was so proud. Ocho, he said this the proudest day of my life that had to beat the, he was, he was my pharmacist. Yeah. So my grandma would send my sister up there to get medicine, not have no money. He said, don't even worry about it. Don't even worry about it. Yeah, yeah. Billy Strickland was at the game standing, standing on the side. I would see him because he and coach, obviously he and Coach Hall knew each other. They be standing there. That's what, that's, that's what makes it fun. Coach Hall Drive. He drove to dc Drive to Tennessee, drive to Jacksonville. If I'm close, Atlanta, He driving, He coming. Yeah. If it's anything, if it's anything under 12 hours, coach Hall gonna drive.


He coming. We playing Carolina and in preseason. Game coach all there. Coach all there. Yeah. Yeah, man. Because You know when, when, when they first started, they played at Clemson and then they got their own stadium coach all coming. And man, it's so great. It's a, it's a unbelievable feeling that he gets the experience it a whole lot. It ain't a whole lot of guys, coach two, coach two guys that go to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. And he got, he's in the coach, he's in the hall, he's in the Georgia Coaches Hall of Fame. Man, he was so proud. He, man, he told us, me and my brother went up there and went up there for that. Man.


That's what it's all about. Oh, Joe, Travis Hunter. Travis Hunter had a busy month. First he was selected number two overall by the Jacksonville Jags in the NFL draft. Then he graduated Colorado May 15th and on Saturday he got married to his long longtime girlfriend, LeeAnna Lenny. He gave her a gift, a ceremony worth at least, at least 600 K. It's a Mercedes-Benz a MG 63 bras a Hyundai. Yeah. It ain't nice. Yeah, they nice. But your boy ain't got that kind of bread. Yeah, Bread. It baby boy ain't got that kind of bread.


No, it, if Faye had it, he ain't buy one beer. Did o once you get to a certain age like myself, Ocho Yeah. About to be 57 in a, in a in a month. Yes Sir. I done had everything I want. Nah, hey. Yeah, You, you, you wanna chill, huh? I I did it. I done did it. Yeah, I done did it. I done had the Ferrari and the, the rolls and the Bentley, big body bins and range. I, I don't had all that did it all. But hey, I'm happy for the young fella. Oh yeah. I'm very, he man, he looks so, man, he look happy, very Happy man. Listen, that's what, that's what it's about at the end of the day. And I'm glad him and his wife ignored all the haters on the outside. Yep.


Ignore, ignore all the haters. Everybody gonna have an opinion. Everybody gonna have to say this, blah, blah, blah. Whatever. Long as they happy Trav, focus on what you gotta focus on. Go out there. Yeah. And turn Jacksonville and Duval County upside the fuck down. Turn it upside down. We should have C Ocho. That should have been us many years ago. Ocho. Nevermind. Wait, what? What should have been us Married? Oh shit. Right now that I've been trying to get you married, man, listen. I'm, I'm, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What you be trying? What about you? I, Oh, I'm getting married. I told you 2026. I'm not playing.


Hey, lemme tell, lemme tell you something. When, when the ball, when that ball, when that ball dropped? December what, 31st? Yeah. I Ain't got time to play. I ain't got minute Man. Oh Joe, you had me, I had this white linen outfit. I was going to wear this And listen, you going to still be able, you gonna still be able to wear it. I tell you that. Man, boy, I ain't got time to play. Ain't nothing out there man. You right. You right you ain't, You know what? Don't your, when you right, you ain't wrong. And listen boy, I ain't got time to play no games, boy. I'm jumping the broom. Two of 'em. Yeah, right there. Two of them if need be.


I told you. Listen, pay attention man. Think about all the stories we done talked about. Yeah. All players, Basketball players and everyone that's having success. Do you notice what they all have in common? They all what they married. I want some of that. I want some of that. I'm telling you, I'm telling. Listen God, I am gonna tell you what my grandma used to told me. God ain't finished with me yet. He, he waiting on me. I'm not going to finish the work that needs to be done with you until I have a foundation to build it on. So I'm finna go ahead and create that foundation now. Watch, now watch now watch how everything just start. Just I'm and until you pay me my 5,900.


When I get on you, I'm gonna take as long as God took. Hey, listen, I, I, I tell you what I'm, I'm gonna talk to God about it. I'm gonna see what he say. Lemme lemme, lemme tell you my, you Need to talk the bill about it. Hold On. Lemme pray. Lemme let pray on it. Why you gotta pray on my money? Nah, it, it is not, it's not, it is not about praying on your money. It's just I want to talk to God about it to make You ain't talked to him yet? Yeah. Oh. We, we, we talk Man. He's about unc you probably say God, You know UNC ain't got no patience and I sure be trying his patience. Nah, nah, I need to give him his money. Nah, Listen. Jesus got the will. Don't worry about it. Long as Jesus got the will, we going in the right direction.


Well I ain't in it, so I need you to pay me my 5,900. I ain't in his will. That, that between you and God. I need you to cut me a, I need you to gimme $50 hundred in cash. I got you. I got you. Ain't no pressure. Ain't no pressure. Well congratulations Mr. And Mrs. Hunter. Ms. Hunter, enjoy your gift. 63 grabbers, 800 them things nice. Two Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. They they real nice. They, they real nice. Alright, Ocho, now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a.


Tash said, y'all talking about haircuts, but imagine what we pay go to the hair salon robbery. But Tash, here's the thing. We get our haircut every week Or, or sometimes Twice a week. Yes. Wow. Yeah. So just imagine playing bro. Imagine playing every week. That's $1,200. That's 1200 a month. Dang. Oh no. I, no, at the time I was getting my hair cut two times a week. Right. Because I, You know, being on television, so You know what I'm saying? Don't you, You know. Right. So I get my haircut, I get my hair cut Sunday and then I get it cut again on Wednesday. So imagine $300.


300. That's 600 a week. Mm, 600 a week times four. That's 2,400 times 12. Damn. You got, you got money boy. No, no, no, no. I, boy, I told y'all I didn't playing on three off on no damn haircut. But y'all, but, but see y'all be getting a lot of stuff done. Y'all be, You know y'all sometimes y'all get what they, what they call them lace front. They be getting from extension. Yeah. Y'all be, y'all, y'all get way booked. They take it inch off. They do. They ain't add nothing. All I can see it, they putting a fro On. Yeah. And listen, it is a lot of work goes into that. And I listen, you gotta Think. You gotta think now some of them wigs that they get.


Yeah. They get, they, they, they, they different prices of that stuff. Now they get expensive. Yeah. Wig can go from 200, the 1500 now, depending, depending on then you gotta get your lashes done, then you gotta how long? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How long, how long, how long, how long a wig last? Ocho? It depends on the person. Depends on the person. Now some people take care of the wigs and some people don't. Okay. It should, it should last you anywhere from by the good three weeks, a good three weeks. And So they gotta go back and get it touched up again, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Especially, especially, You know, you do any kind of color to it. You can, you got be on for, you gotta take care of your wig. Some people don't take care of their wigs though. Huh? They, they don't.


Okay. Quentin Mae said strip clubs were your sign for you ocho. Huh? He said strip clubs was the sign for you? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Hey, getting well, what do you mean? Strip club was the sign for me? Well, you was in there, you was at Booby Trap. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I took, I took, I took Twin. I took Twin up there. I took okay up there. You know, matter of fact, man, my, my oldest, my oldest daughters came with me too. Hmm. They, they, they, Y'all had a good time, Huh? Man, listen, we, we had a good time. I ain't throw no money though. I ain't, I ain't throw no money. Oh, they threw the money. I mean, they, they had, they own money though. You think I'm going to the shoe club and finna spend my goddamn money.


You think I'm finna pay somebody else friend? Yeah. Yeah man, I ain't even paid you. You think I'm gonna pay them? Yeah, that, that, that's why I was waiting on you to go there. That's why I was waiting on you Go, man, You know Finn go right upside your head. I'm waiting on you say, yeah, I threw some money on. Hey. Oh, Oh, absolutely. Hey, listen, listen, I'm all about, I'm all about supporting, You know, the Naked Hustle, but at that time I'm not in position where I can do that. Okay. Nick Mar said, Hey Unc, now that you were postponed, OCHO has another out for your 5,900. Now what, that man gonna wait till 2026 to pay you? Nah, you right. Nah. I'm gonna give You Right. I'm give it to you.


I'm gonna give you Right. You, You, you, Nick. You ain't wrong. You right. That's what he waiting for. Nah, I'm He waiting, he waiting. He waiting all that time to pay me my money. Not really. We could. I got Apple. I got Apple. Pay it to you Right. Now you Apple Pay. I ain't got no Apple Pay. No, you got Cash out. You, you got Zelle, huh? No, be Hey, Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. You watch the New York New York Knicks come from 20 down to defeat the Indiana Pacers 1 0 6 to 100. They outscored him by 16 in the fourth quarter.


Thanks to Kat, who was sensational in that fourth quarter, Jalen Brunson with Jalen Brunson switched up his lineup. He inserted Mitchell Robinson. Josh Hart came off the bench and they were able to come from 20 points down in a second to win this game. And now we have a series. Now can they make it two, two, going back to MSG? That's what they hope. That's what the goal is on Tuesday. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know who I am, I'm your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. He's been outside lately. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


And we wanna thank our special guest to talk basketball, his former team, A six time NBA All star, a three time all NBA selection from Eau Claire High School in Columbia, South Carolina. Jermaine O'Neil. We wanna thank JO for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast Feed guys, wherever you get your podcast from. Even what's up? That's my, that's my step's. My, that's my oldest. Oh, okay. What up bro? Bro, I'm good, man. I'm good. Make sure you subscribe. Hit that subscribe button, go get on your phone and hit the subscribe button at Nightcap. I've been subscribed. Show you Every pro, every subscriber counts.


Thank you guys. We're not where we are without you. I understand that. I think everybody at Nightcap, especially OCHO and I, we understand the success that we've, that we've enjoyed was because of you, because of your eyes, because of your ears, because of word of mouth. And you've helped us grow exponentially and we cannot thank you enough. So thank you for your support and your continued support. Make sure you check our shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it in the city or state near you, you best believe by the end of the year we're gonna be in a city or state near you. But in the meantime, if you cannot find it, order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. It is the best tasting VSOP cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it, try it. You will not be disappointed.


Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of his platform, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. We're back tomorrow night and we have a very special guest. Number one overall draft pick. Grandmama Larry, join. Larry Johnson joins us to help us break down the OKC Thunder and the Minnesota Timberwolves game. Four. Thank you guys for joining us again. We'll see you tomorrow night. Thank you guys. The volume


When you are with Amex Business Platinum, going the extra mile for your business pays off with five times membership. Rewards points on flights and prepaid hotels booked through Amex travel.com. You can earn more points to help grow your business. And with access to more than 1400 lounges globally through the American Express Global Lounge collection, including the Centurion lounge. Can I give you a refill? You can stay fresh wherever your business travel takes you. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash Amex business.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one min it a per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Now you can watch the best of Hulu on Disney plus the hottest Hulu shows in movies right next to your Disney plus favorites with Hulu on Disney. Plus, dive into new seasons of the Handmaid's Tale. Nine Perfect Strangers, the secret lives of Mormon wives. And welcome to Rex 'em and don't miss Star Wars and or season two and Marvel's Daredevil, born again on Disney plus. All of these and more now streaming with Hulu on Disney Plus available with bundle plans starting at 10 99 a month. Terms apply. Visit disney plus.com/hulu. For details,


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.