
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America, and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA A all 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The quarterbacks like to get gifts. I got the Bengal, I got them that, that hefty baton. Who's that? Because you know you gotta clean out your locker. The bar. I got you some luggage. I got the ball for luggage that this hefty baton to put all this stuff in to make sure they get it from corn to put me on. Man, you listen, you, you ain't gotta do that because you know, matter of fact, do what? I I got something for you. I got something for you. Since, since you're talking sporty, right? Since you're talking spoddy, I run me my money. I know that you ain't bitch up about my money. I owe you a thousand, right? I you owe me a thousand on top of the three you already owe me now. I don't. You run me my money. I'm back at 4,000 again. Sean lives okay.


You was at three, but you, you see I told you I said Ocho. Okay. I don't wanna bet you. Listen, I don't wanna do this, Ocho I'm, I'm gonna give you money. I'm gonna give you my where you want, where you want me to give it to you at? You want me Zelle it to you? I can z it to you right now. No, don't, no it to you as a matter of fact. No. I wanna pay my, I wanna pay my debt talk. Huh? It's my turn now. I want $4,000. Right? Thousand dollars. How you it? Buffalo Niels. Right? Grand Buffalo.


Niels. Hey. Huh? How you want, man? Come on man. For real. I want Buffalo nickels. I don't, I don't know what no Buffalo Nickels is. Don't worry about it. That's not your job. Go to the bank, go to the cashier and say you like 4,000 in Buffalo nickels. Is there such thing? Whoa, I, I'm just saying is, is there such asking, doing me like this? Oh my gosh, I've never heard of anything called buffalo nickels. That's not a currency. That's not a currency here in the States. Can I please just zeal you your money so I ain't got to hear nothing about it no more?


Teddy says no. Teddy bear says, no, you cannot sell me my money. Or you gimme $4,000 in wheat pennies. Who? $4,000 a wheat pennies. What's what? What's a wheat penny? Whoa, whoa, whoa. You, you know what, what I'm noticing is you asking a lot of questions. Well, I'm asking a lot of, they didn't write nothing down. I'm asking a lot of questions because down here in Miami, at Bank of America, at Chase, at Navy Federal, we don't talk, we don't know nothing about no wheat pennies. And we don't know nothing about, we don't know nothing about no Buffalo Nichols. I've never heard of these phrases. I like, Don't Buffalo Nichols. And I told you I don't have Cash app.


So you can't Zelle need Nothing. I I didn't even mention Cash App. Everybody has Zelle. Huh? I don't have Zelle. You Have, you have an iPhone, don't you? Yes. Okay. You got Apple Pay. I got Apple. Pay it to you then. I don't got no Apple Pay. I got OCHO Pay now. Run me my money. I'm trying, I'm trying to, I'm trying to pay you. You Talking about, you keep on talking about what you got and all this right here. But first of all, first of all, why you talking? Because you, you asked me questions. Talking. You asking, you asked me Question your ass die before I make change. Listen, listen. I said Ocho, please. I said Ocho, get up off me. I was down last week. I said, Ocho, come on Ocho, you got me.


Don't you say what? As a matter of fact, don't even make reference to a ball. I don't wanna hear you say soccer. I don't wanna hear you say basket because they use ball. I said, come on, Ocho. Yeah man, we, that was, nah. So now boy, look here. But listen, you know what? You, you, you a little, you a little too happy now. You very, very happy. You know who y'all gotta play in the first round? Huh? I, I tell, I tell you. Hey, you know who y'all gotta play in the first round, right? So I, I wanna make sure, I'll make sure on next week's episode when I bring some trash bags in here, when I bring, and I, and we break it down. Cancun on 3 1, 2, 3 Cancun. I don't want to hear nothing For the chat.


I want you to say what you just said. You say, do you know who y'all play next week? Right? I want you to dial, I want to know Ocho, who does the bingos play next week? Oh, So you happy, you happy we went home? Hold on, hold On. You think I take great pleasure in this? Let me ask, lemme ask you something. Lemme ask you something and it's for the people in the go ahead ask me if you a Bronco fan, are you that happy that we got a vacation a week earlier than you? That's it. That's all it is. We got vacation a week earlier than you. 'cause you gonna be home next week too. And I'm, I'm gonna help you pack, I'm gonna help you pack.


What? Hey, hey, listen. Hey listen. Hey one, hey, that's that boy right there, man. Nah, no. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's that. Boy. Why are you talking about my team? That's, that's that, boy. Now I'm not talking about your team. I'm talking about the individual that happened to play for your team. I'm talking about the individual that happens to play for your team. Yeah. Hold on. He Knight. I can't believe this man talking about somebody that plays in the blue and orange. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't. As a matter of fact, I'm embarrassed. Don't do, don't do that orange, That your team has orange in their color. Hey, don't do that. I'm disgusted George. This laugh. Why you want Laier glass in with some of that old shake off the Counter?


What you finna celebrate? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm just saying it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a short celebration. I don't know why you're celebrating. Can I ask you a question? Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Do you know who you guys are playing in the first round next week? Who? Y'all not. Okay, I understand that you scared to say the name. I don't like Buffalo. Okay. Okay. You know y'all playing at In Buffalo Am am Amway Stadium or whatever. I think that's The name of it. Okay? Okay. I'm just making sure you know what Josh Allen finna do? Y'all, he finna send you home packing. Okay? He finna send you home packing. How that make Whoa, whoa, how'd that make you feel? So you get, listen, you getting all hype, you happy, but you're getting ready to go home Anyway, next week, all us gonna be in Cancun.


The jets defeated the Dolphins 32 to 20. But the big news came out after the game. Tyreek Hill basically said he won it out of the Dolphins organization. He's emotional after a win, understanding. He's always been in the playoffs and then having to be home. He never bat my home to go to tour. What did he think? Now remember, he was running his mouth. Tua is more accurate than Patrick Mahome. Hey Lee. Unc, he's sticking up for his quarterback. Don't do that. Come on now, Ocho On. You mean to to tell me. Okay? So you gonna say, oh yeah, but what you call him is better than Tom Brady. Ain't no sense in doing that. Ain't nobody believed that. Ain't nobody said Tua plus his injury history, which you knew.


But I go to show you fan, you see 30 million can't buy your happiness when you getting your eyes beat in. You play with a quarterback that's injury prone. So you're dependent on if the backup can come in and keep that thing going. What's the one thing about how many games has Patrick Mahomes missed? That's why you factor in all of that. When you make a decision, like you make you got the money. But look at them stats. He looking at all them guys that got them stats. Ocho, Tyreek Hill has never not been to the Pro Bowl. Now when they talk about OCHO last year, the players voted him the number one player.


Yeah. What do you think he's gonna be this year? Let let, let's talk about this. Go Ahead. Let's talk. Where can we see Tyreek Hill going? Being that he's put that out there like that, understanding his frustrations and not having the type of season that Tyreek Hill should have. Who, who by all means, regardless of this down season, is still a top three, top five wide receiving this NFL. Correct? Hey, I, a I I don't know what is all Oh, Oh Hell. Top five What? A what? Top five receiver, you know, requesting a trade. Now I know now we not now we not gonna do this.


We, we not gonna do this on Beyonce's internet. We not gonna do this on Beyonce's internet. Tyreek Hill is not a top five player. Just simply because that down here, it would let come on. Now, don't, don't do me like that. Don't do me like that. With understanding towards his injuries, backups, things suffer. He can't throw the ball to himself. Factor that in. When you made that was hurt. Before you got there, he was hurt in college, you, you didn't factor that in. You didn't care. Hold on. Every chance he got, he took a shot at the Kansas City Chiefs. They didn't have to trade him.


They traded him with years left on his contract. They offered him money, but they couldn't get to the guarantee. Oh, but they were trying to low ball him. Don't do that. You remember the year before they asked him would he restructure the contract. Tyre Hill said no. Once I signed the contract, I signed the contract. Right? Ain't no restructuring. Now, what happened to that a year later? If you sign a contract and you don't restructure in their favor, why should they sign a contract for you in in your favor? He said that. I'm just going by what he said. Now, if it's a lie, he said it. We can pull the tapes if you want to. You see, you see what happens. You see what happened when you ocho he didn't have to say Kansas City, done right by him.


I got fired by CBS. You've never ever heard me utter a bad word about CBS Fox. Let me go. I haven't utter a bad word. They gave me an opportunity. CBS gave me my first media job on network television, the Tiffany network, right? I'm grateful. FS one gave me a chance to show that I could do, I could be more than a football player. I could talk about more sports than just football. Right? I'm forever grateful. That's not what he did with Kansas City. Every chance he got, he took a shot at him. Now look at it. Hold on. He should be made to stay his ass in Miami. Nah, he gonna be all right.


He gonna be all right. But we, we gonna get it done. But you know, once, once you put the bait out there like that, you know, team gonna come and call in there. Team, Team. I'll low ball you because I know he won't out. Why would I give you what he is worth when I know he want out? I know you look, I know your house about to go in foreclosure. I'm not finna give you what it's worth. Mm. I know you need to sell that car. I'm not gonna give you what it's worth. You got valuable, you got watches, you got whatever the case may be. Why would I pay you what it's worth when I know you gotta get up off it. He's seeing, think about it. Think about how, what, how it would've looked a three time Super Bowl champ.


Now, maybe he doesn't have 1700 yards, but Ocho what's the difference between 15? You think if, if Tyreek Hill stayed in Kansas City and instead of having 1700 or 1800 yards, he had 1500 yards, do they view Tyreek any differently? They don't. They do. They do. I like, you know, you you, you see how you put the debate out there though? Huh? What if he end, what if he end up back in Kansas City? I'm sure that, I'm sure my homeboy love to have him. Yeah. Mm. Come back home. Tail tuck between your legs, huh? Oh, you see that Ocho It's funny how that thing work in Sometimes.


Sometimes you gotta go back to your ex. There's no place like home. Isn't that what? Dark. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. You think I'm about let you sneak that in there. You'all heard a Jack. You think I'm about to sleep? Let you speak, daddy. So what you mean? Why you trying to get at ocho? Oh no, I'm, nah, I'm not. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just saying. I'm just saying. No, no, ain't no just there's never, there's never, there's no such thing as just, there's always a reason. Nobody just does anything. Do you just sit in your car or do you get in your car to go to work? Or do you get in your car to go to the gym? Or do you get in your car to go to the store or you get the car to go to the airport? There's never just, there's always a reason. Now again, Are we using the reference? Are we just using the reference in general? Mm.


Sometimes using the reference in general. Sometimes, sometimes you don't understand what you got until it's gone. So, Tyreek with a great understanding after a short stint here in Miami, What's gone that you understand? Have a better understanding and appreciation for who? Damn can you fly? Lemme see. You turn your head all the way around So you ain't no owl. So I ain't talking about you, you, you, Right? I mean, you asked the question again. I didn't hear you. Nah, I said what, what have you lost? That you realized that it's, it was, it's better home than away. I, I, I wasn't referencing we were talking about Tyrek here. We were talking about Tyreek.


Okay.


Okay. We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank. North America members. FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements in overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs


Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook and official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring. Touchdowns is key to winning in the playoffs, and you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook, The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms in responsible gaming resources, see d kng.co/audio.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville, we're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I dont like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Bears did something they haven't done OCHO since 2018. They defeated the Packers on the walk off 51 yard field goal, 24 to 22. Green Bay was right to play for the succeed in week 18, but leaving the game with injury, Kristen Watson with a knee Jordan Love with an elbow. Scary times in Green Bay. You have to wait. There was no diagnosis after the game. Watson looked like a non-contact. It didn't look good. It did not look good on Joe Jordan loved elbow. He left the game did not come back. Caleb Williams, 21 of 29, 1 48 a touchdown.


DJ Moore nine catches 86 yards on a touchdown. Kean Allen had three for 25. Malik Willis Taylor, 13, bro. Malik, if you want to play a lot long time in the NFL, you better see that pre-release safety to hit you in your damn chest. Now you lucky that was a safety. What if that was a linebacker ocho? Ooh, it wouldn't have been nice. That wouldn't have been nice. How You not ocho? How you not see that? You ain't see it? You know, you, you know when the game, when the game is moving, Ocho, I'm a right-handed quarterback.


That guy hit me in my face. Do you know how hard it is for a guy to get a shot that ain't a blind? Yeah. If you right-handed that guy hit you in your face, not your back. Yeah, the left side is your blind side. You are right-handed quarterback, right Ocho Did he not hear the line? It looked like they lived the call Inman of the line of scrimmage. Right? Is your guy, you've gotta throw hot off him. Right? He never saw him Did, did the receipt. The receiver ran the hot rod. He didn't Even look to see he did ocho I'm just being honest. I you remember early the rookie season, Justin Fields got caught with a shot just like that.


They knocked his helmet off. Yeah, I remember that. Remember that? They don't wanna take too many of those shots. Not no clear shot like that. You gonna get enough hits in your back. You know, you throw the ball ocho and then get you at the last set. Right? Bro, you don't wanna make a living taking crash crash dummy shots. Oh, it wasn't great. They only had no, a little over 200 yards. 2 30, 2 40. Yeah, but Caleb Williams was 21 of 29. Okay, that's good knife. He made some throws sometimes. I think he tried to throw too much off balance, but the throw he had to DJ more was off balance, changed arm angles. But I think with the right coach, I think they could, I I think they got talent on the opposite side of football.


I really Do. I'm just, I was just, I was just, I was just getting ready to say that. You get the right coach in there, you know with him. Boy, sky's the limit. Sky's the limit. You can see Caleb Williams gives you hope. Caleb Williams gives you promise. You know, based on what you know you can do. Again, I say it about quarterbacks all the time. He plays good in stirs. But you can see the potential. Let him get the right coach there and watch what Happened. Coach Joe Hands is defeated. The Falcons in overtime. Eight. Bryce Young does it. They walk it off. 44, 38. Bryce Young, a counselor. 5 1 2 3 B go.


4, 5, 3 passing, two rushing as they beat the Falcons. 44 38 in ot. Falcons missed the play. Ah, I think Bryan, I think Carolina found a quarterback of the future. They had him all alone. Guys started making plays. If you go back and look at that game, look at them guys making plays. Coker made some hell of a plays Adam Thier made, I mean, guys made tough catches today. Ocho that's what you have to do. Guys have to make, I mean, you have to make tough catches for a guy. I mean, damn, the guy can't put it between the, the, the, the numbers all the time Just is anywhere in the vicinity. Just put it in the area. That's all I need.


Tough About. Especially you got a young quarterback, he's struggling. Make some tough catches. Let him get some confidence. He was 24, 25 or 34. 2 51 3 touchdowns. Michael Pennix Jr. Had an outstanding day and a losing effort. He was 21 of 36. 3 12 2 touchdowns won in interception. Bija Robinson had a monster day running the football. 28 rushes 170 yards. Two tds. They ran the ball 36 times. 2 27. Drake, London. Yeah. Monster Day 10 catches a buck. 87, 2 tds 18 targets. Ray Ray McLeod had four for 66.


Kyle Piss had two, three targets. Two, two catches, 15 yards. They're a couple of players away. I think Carolina, look, I'm not saying they about to be Detroit, they about to switch this thing around, but I know they got the quarterback. Now get, get him a little offensive line. Look, did a great job. He got no sacks. Protect him a little better. Get a couple of offensive linemen. Hey, you know what, if they get keep building, they get them. I ain't saying a, if they get like a, I'm not saying there is one out there like a Jamar Chase, Justin, Jefferson, like a Malik Neighbors. Yeah, I'm talking about one of them. Yeah. LeBron to Jr. Winham type like Winham type like yeah, like, like that, that boy, Because I like, I like Bryce Young.


Yeah, he's frail. Yeah. He's five 10. Yeah, he's thin. Yeah. Ocho, he never gonna be two 20. So stop saying if he gained weight. He not, that's not his frame. His frame can't carry two 20. That's like trying to, that's like trying to put a a 18 wheeler motor in a, in a Volkswagen. What does 18, what is two? What you gonna do and help with his skillset set? Nothing. Nothing you like, you, you like to hit, gain a low weight to see if he can gain 10 pounds Ocho because he look like he about 180 or So. You want to take some, you want to take some of that, right? You want some cushion to take some of them blows, but he not gonna be, he not gonna beat he, he's not gonna be an overlay large man.


That's not his frame. So we can stop there. But the passers win the final game of the season. 44, 38 in overtime. Bryce Young five touchdowns, three passing, two rushing. You have to feel he had, you have to feel good with what you saw with Bryce Young today. Those young receivers stepped up defensively. Look, they gave up, but they gotta stop when they needed it. And yeah, here we are. Bryce Young did it. The Cardinals defeated the 49 ERs. 47 to 24. Kyle ends the season with a four touchdown day. Is Kyle. Yeah, Ocho lemme ask you this. Do you keep Kyle try to build, or what are you gonna do with Kyle?


You keep Kyle Berry? What you mean? Yeah, you, you keeping that, You think Kyle's happy in Arizona? Damn, that's a good question. No, I would think So. You have a, you have a, you have a, okay offensive line. You got James Connie, you got Marvin Harrison Jr. I mean, do you really, do you really, you look at the landscape of the NFL. Any other team that you can go to, any other team you can go to. I like it. 25 or 35? 2 42 4 touchdowns. Trey McBride got another touchdown. 7 65 1 touchdown. Marvin Harrison, Jr. Five or 6 3 1 touchdown. Dort 4 4 47.


Two touchdowns. Za Jones, I think that's Za Jones 4 4 46. They were out James Connor. But they ran the ball 27 times for one fifty one. Joshua Dobbs didn't play bad, turned the ball over, they got a cut down of turnovers. 29 or 43, 3 26. Ricky Piol six for 69 on the touchdown. Kyle Youth check. I had a touchdown. But when you turn the ball over three times, you're, you're, you're probably gonna lose the game. Especially when you play on the road. Cm Punk c him what he do. How you guys doing Tonight? Ah, See, see, I'm not feeling Good.


I'm doing much better than my partner. I'm not feeling good. Cm, my bangles are going home. My bangles are going home. Uncles making fun of me. He's embarrassing me in front of people I love in the chat. Yeah. And then I'm trying to find a way to get over it. I'm trying to find ways to get around the fact that we, not only did we lose, you know, the Chiefs didn't even try today. They didn't even pinch the Broncos. You know, they didn't fight. They didn't, they just laid down. They laid down. So I have, I have no way to actually, to fight for myself. I'm doing everything I can. Not to cry tonight. I, so far I'm, I'm doing okay. Just Keep your head above water. If I could give you any bit of advice, I, and this is coming, I'll give it to you.


This is coming from a, a Chicago sports fan. Bears Cubs. There's always next year, Chad, there's always next year. Okay. I like that. I'll take that. The that's what I was gonna get. Your Bears did something that hadn't been done since 2018. They beat the Green Bay Packers. It was the final game of the season, but it shall hopefully it gave you hope, showed you what could potentially be for your Chicago Bears Hope is is a four letter word in, in Chicago sports. There was hope at the beginning of the season. I, I just, and comforted in the fact that I can at least make fun of the Green Bay Packers and their fans for losing to this bear squad.


That that's the hope. That's the, that's the silver lining in the Bears game. Lemme Ask you this, you own like the Bears, you were on Netflix special when they had the Christmas Day game. Yeah. And you was very outspoken about your Bears ownership. Yes sir. You was like raw, y'all need to sell the team. Yeah, because this is, this is, this has been terrible for a long time. Yeah. But it's been a long time coming. Given what you saw today, they beat the package for the First time in 5 0 5 years. Does that give you hope that they're trending in the right direction? That they have the right pieces in place even if they don't have a coach currently? Yeah, you know, I I I think the coach is obviously a big part of it. Unless they're gonna field the team with no coach, which might be kind of interesting at this point because, you know, we had Luby Smith great coach, right?


Yeah. Super, super elite dynamic. And he Went 10 and six and got fired. Yeah. And he couldn't figure it out, you know, so after a while, listen, this is, I, I was born and raised in Chicago, 85 Bears. I could sing you the Superbowl shuffle backwards, you know what I mean? That I look back at it and historically everything I know now I look at that team and I'm like, that should have been the dynasty buddy Ryan. Okay. Dick. Like all those players, like when we only won one and it just feels like as a Chicago sports fan, you get that one and then it just feels like another a hundred years of pain because you're just like, well we, we won then, you know, Cubs, Cubs fans a hundred, 108 years. Yeah. And now all of a sudden it's just like, oh, well we won.


But you had Jordan vm. You had Jordan for those years. Yeah. But that's, to me, that's the standard of being a Chicago spokes fan brother. No. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. We expect and we demand greatness, you know, know we get these generational players, these generational talents and stuff like that. I can only look at the management and the ownership after a while when all these pieces are in place and nothing works, you know? Mm. After a while looking at the McCaskey and I'm hearing chatter about, oh, we need a new stadium, you know, because the city owned sold your field and we're not getting concession money. And after a while I'm just like, okay, you just, you just a greedy owner and you don't care about winning sports fans all across the world.


No matter where you're at, whatever city you're in, you rep that city. You love that city. You show out for that city. You want winners. And that's the bottom line. I need a, I need an owner who's gonna field the team of winners. Sam, lemme you, you mentioned that you got injured, you sustained an injury last year. Yeah. If you don't mind, reflect on that injury. What happened and what's the worst injury that you have sustained in your professional wrestling career? Oh Man. This one was, I think this one was pretty bad just because of, you know, my age and everything. And I, I, I tore my right tricep tendon completely off the bone. Oh, Okay. Okay. And that's a bad one. E especially I, I think in football that's normally a career ender, if I'm not mistaken.


No, it's not a career, but it's normally season ended. Okay. Yeah. Season. And my, my season definitely ended that day. That's, that's, that's for certain. I, I had a, I had a night where I woe his mead and I, I cried about it and I was upset. I had just come back to the WWE e after 10 years of being gone and was looking forward to doing it, you know, just awesome, awesome stuff. And it came to a screeching halt, you know? And as an athlete who's somebody who's active every day, you guys know if you can't, if you can't play, if you can't do what you do, if you can't go to the gym, you lose your mind. And I, man, I lost my mind. I felt bad about it for about eight minutes, had a cry.


And then realized that at that moment, it felt like the worst thing that had ever happened to me. So I wanted to do the impossible and flip it and make it the best thing that ever happened to me. You know, I think we did that over the year. Fortunately for me, you know, in the sport and in the business we're in, we don't always have to be a hundred percent. And I was injured, not a sling. And I was in the ring, I was, you know, talking my mess, cutting promos and stuff like that. And I was still able to contribute. So that, that was like a weight off my shoulders. When you got the, when you sustained that injury. Yeah. Did you know something right away was wrong? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I don't know if you've ever done a, a, a tricep, but you, it just feels like a rubber band in your elbow.


Snaps. Okay. I've done my left one. No pain in that one. They did the right one. It hurt like a son of a bitch. And I don't know why. I don't know what the difference was between the two, but Yeah, I knew, I knew I was, I knew I was out immediately. Dope. Sam, did you always wanna be a wrestler? Did you, did you, did you play sports growing up? Did you know watching this like this is the direction that I wanna go and I wanna be in this sport? Yeah, I, I played baseball when I, I I tried out for my football and wrestling team when I was in high school, but they told me I had to cut my hair and I, I, I pieced, I pieced out after that. I was like, and now I, and now I look and every jock in the world just got like a wild mohawk.


And I'm like, that was me when I was 14. Like, why wouldn't you let me on the team? What the heck? I didn't, I I grew up, I like to say I was economically challenged, you know, so like most of the, yeah, most of the sports were pretty expensive. Couldn't play hockey 'cause I couldn't afford skates or pads or sticks. Baseball was, was pretty cheap. And then everything, I was a catcher. Everything changed for me when I had to get glasses. The, the, the mask wouldn't fit over my, my coke bottle glasses. And my parents wouldn't spend the money for contacts. So my, my baseball career was cut short Cm pump. Thank you for joining Nightcap. We greatly appreciate that, man. Good luck.


And let me, let me tell you, if, if at any point you need a partner tag team at that, I'm always available. Let's go. As long as your last name's not McCaskey. You're my huckleberry. All right, I got you. I got you. I love Football guard. Come on. I love him. Yeah. And I love when they punished bad behavior, they punished George Pickens the knife and I love it. Yeah. And I've been telling you from day one, sir, I say, you know what, Mike Tarman Yeah. You condone George Pickens behavior. You tolerate things on a win. You never would've a lost. And I told you, yes sir, I saw this with AB in 2016. Now you see this. Now it come with Pickett, it come with Deontay Johnson. Mike Tomlin will tolerate negative behavior if he wins the game.


Yes sir. Now look how he looking. George Pickens basically lost them the game tonight because he was awful. He was awful. Ocho. And you make it on it. Oh, he can make plays. Don't look at the plays that whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, I'll let you talk about your team, the Bengals and Aaron Rogers. Let me have this moment. Okay? You have been George Pickin's biggest supporter. Even when he wouldn't run, even when he wouldn't recover a fumble. You supported him even when he, he was the reason that the interception happened in Pittsburgh to Fry move. You supported it. Now I want you to pull on Yes, Chad.


Now I want you to put on your best support and support George Pickett for the, for the game that he had tonight. He Had a bad game. He had a bad game. He and you even know, you know what I can say he had a bad game. He has to watch that film. He has to have a better understanding. And you can't perform like this. Obviously they're the, they're the fifth seed, right? They're the fifth seed. So the Broncos, Dolphins or Bingos can only be the seventh seed. The only thing that can flip would be the charges. If they win, they're the five Steelers of the six. And then you get Bengals, Dolphins or Broncos as the seventh seed. But again, let's go back to George Pickens pick. You can't have a game like that. You can't, you can't. If anything, you need to be the reason why your team is winning.


They have to count on you. You are the team's best offensive weapon. Therefore you got to always be on point. Your feet always gotta be 10 toes. Every time you step on the field. You have to understand that you have to move as such, how value you are to the Steelers. You have to. That also comes with growth or that also comes with understanding on how important I am to the, not only the franchise, but for my team's success offensively. He gotta understand That. So, so where is he gonna understand that? Because you saw that behavior last year in Cincinnati. Sir, you saw it Indy last year, sir. When he wouldn't chase, sir, he wouldn't hustle. He gave up on a plane and got picked. Me personally, yes sir. I don't believe you can win with him. Yeah, I want somebody else to win. I want him to grow with somebody else.


Okay. I, you know what, I, I understand what you're talking about, right? I understand what you're talking about. But let's not, let's not, let's not mistaken and understand the type of of talent that is. Well, I Don't see Randy Moss talent. I don't see Randy Moss's talent, so I gotta let him go. Ain't no saying, ain't no rain go through that though. I gotta let him go then. So, because, because, because that behavior, his play don't overcompensate his behavior. Because, and and I I understand. Look at, is he more talented than ab? I Understand. So what did they do to ab b Ocho tell the people that, for the people that don't realize what happened, what did Pittsburgh do with abd? They had to power away. Don, I want You to understand, and when Ocho and I, we talk, we talk a lot of stuff about sports, but this applies to regular life and a regular job situation.


Also, your employer will tolerate you until he can replace you. They will tolerate Yes, sir. Until they can replace. Now lemme tell you what happens. If you are a really good player and you got negative behavior, when that time come, it makes it real easy for them to get off you. Yes sir. You see how easy it was for the Packers to get rid of Aaron Rogers watch. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait, wait. How many years? How many years? First, now I, you see how Many years? I told what did, but you, you missed the point. They will tolerate you until they can do what? No, I I'm not supporting, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not supporting. I'm telling you How long it takes. They got rid of him once they tolerated that behavior until they could do what? Don't yo rid of you now.


What are the jets gonna do? Get rid what you Now, if you had to put some money down, do the jets keep him or let him go? Hey, you know what? That's, you know what? I'm glad you said that, Don, listen to me, listen to me real quick. Stay with me. You understand how difficult it is to find a quarterback. Now as bad as he's played this year, who do you think they'd rather gamble with? You? You think they'd rather gamble with somebody that is new? You don't know what you getting. Or someone that has a resume that Aaron, that resume got him this year. What do you think he got that resume. What has he got in him? Nothing. But it's that resident that has 'em in the position. Do you believe, do you do believe they can find another quarterback and go four 11, yes or no? Yes sir. So why keep Aaron Rogers and pay him 50 million act and you can give somebody else and pay him 10, 15, maybe even 20 or even 30.


So what's the, what's the upside of keeping Aaron Rogers, first of all, Ocho, he hadn't won the Super Bowl. Yes sir. In 14 years. Now you believe in year 21, Right? That there's the chance he could do it. No, no thinking like a gm, thinking like an owner, their belief is based on what he has done is, you know what? He gives a chance. There's hope. I don't believe G GMs feel that same way anymore. I don't. No. You don't think so? I don't. Okay. Lemme Let me ask you something. Kirk Cousins, everybody feel every, everybody feels Kirk Cousins is worth, you know, you know, he can go get three a hundred whatever million from goddamn Atlanta Falcons, but he, he won one playoff game.


We look at the Patrick Mahome, the Josh Allen, the Joe Buroughs, and Lamar Jacksons, the, the Jordan loves the CJ Rous. Jayden Daniels playing well this year. It's very hard to get a fine quarterback where, you know, once we get somebody in that position at the helm, we can build around that. Sometimes it's so hard to find. You gotta go with someone old, someone that's done it before. Even if they're, even if they, you gotta take him out to the pasture and it's time for him to just go. He Gives us hope. I could see that ojo if he was a locker room presence. Now, why would I keep him when he, as he brings no value to my locker room? Come on now.


Now I'm with you. Listen, I'm with you when you Right. See, Sometimes we, and, and people don't want to realize how important the locker room is until there's chaos, until the culture is in shambles. And then you realize the presence, how important locker room presence is. This is not an accident. The Volume,


Hey, It's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves, join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays, breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.