
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start, only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without


parent. PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag Chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool


This season. Let your shoes do the Talking Designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat DSW has you covered. Find a shoe forever you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance, and more head DSW Store. Or visit dsw.com today.


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball this season. It's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the action expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sports book, with live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. Is that simple? First time, here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up. Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


What are you at the next level? Both just like you saw me play. You want to do both? How many snaps in a football game can you play All of them if they gimme the chance and the opportunity to do it. And I what? So we were talking about the challenges that that come with it. You gotta be in office defensive meetings, you gotta be in defensive meetings, you gotta be in wide receiver meetings, you gotta be in defensive back meetings. How is there enough time to do all that? How did you prepare for that when you played college? Well, We kind of got 24 hours in a day. We probably sleep for about eight of those. So we probably got 15 more. So all dedicated to those? Yeah. All of 'em dedicated to football O Joe. Yeah.


The issue is not playing both of them. Can you play both of them well? Yeah. Right, right. Because I could put anybody out there to play both sides. But how well can they play it? Listen, an that's I there's a difference. There's levels. There have been great guys in college that couldn't play it that next step. Right? And you're asking him, because see for me it don't do him no. For me, for him to go out there like, oh, he playing both sides of the ball. How well will he play of the ball? Both sides of the ball. That's the question. Do I believe he gonna play every snap? No. No. He's not you. You know what I like, I like to belief for that.


I like the fact that he believes he can actually do it most of the time. That's where it all starts. And anything you do in life, believing that you can do it, manifesting not only doing that, not only believing it and manifesting it, then working your way into actually being able to do it. Has it been done before? Yeah. Absolutely not. Which is why you And I, they used to play both ways back. Hey, listen, back in the back in the fifties, the thirties, forties, fifties, sixties, I think Chuck McCarrick rest his soul was the last two-way player. He was the middle linebacker and a center for the Eagles. Yeah. He was the last full-time two-way players. Concrete. Charlie And I, I think one of the reasons why me And you and and everyone else is debunking his debunking, his ability to play full-time on both sides of the ball is because of how much extreme, what's the word I'm looking for here?


Oh, it's a physical grind because guess what, Ocho he plays both sides of the ball. He gets hurt and miss a game. Guess what I've got? I'm down two players, right? Oh, I I, yeah, that, that, that too. But listen, I doubt two players, don't you? I, I listen, I like, I like the confidence though. I I the confidence. Oh yeah, for sure. Confidence. That's part of it. That's half battle is Believing everything you do, believing you can do it. Not what what I do. Yes. What I would love for 'em to do is you gotta focus on one. You gotta focus on one thing. You gotta be, you gotta be great at one thing. You not gonna be able to grade at both. You can't be great at DB and grade at receiver. You have to become a craftsman at one or the other.


Now I don't know which one it's gonna be. I'm, me personally, I like him playing both. I enjoy it. I enjoy watching them play both sides of the ball. Willy be able to do it at that level, at an elite level, at the next level. I don't know. That's very, very difficult. When you look at the level of talent you're gonna have to see week in and week out. That's the hard part. Yes. 'cause the level, the level the, the level, the level feel evens. Yeah. Everything. Even because they about A guy that just as talented as he is. Wait, say it again. I said there are guys that just as talented as he Yeah.


Just as talented In the NFL. There'll Be some that are even more talented. Everyone in j huh? Everyone in just as fast, everyone just as quick ladderal movement, short air, quickness, no matter what you, everything, everybody is exactly the same. There's one thing that separates everybody, your technique. And up here it becomes the mental game at that point. I like it though. It's, it is exciting. I, I'm, I'm curious, I'm curious to see where he goes and not only where he goes, but what they allow him to do. How are they gonna use him? People talking about they don't hit in the NFL. Yeah, they do. They do. Please. I I know, I know, I know, I know.


The rules have changed a little bit. You know, they can't hit like they did during our day. Oh. But they still hit now. They still hit. I tell you, You know what I wish, I wish all the fans that say they don't hit, they will sign a waiver and go out there and say, No, no, no, no, no, no. Fred, no, no, no. Okay. Who's the, who's the safety? Okay. TJ Watt. Oh, no, no, no, no. Ocho they said they don't hit it. So I want them to go out there. It's, It's one thing to watch the game from the stands. It's one thing to watch the game of football from tv. Yes. But Put on to put on some pads as a fan and not understand how fast the game is and how fast them mofos is moving.


Man, don't do that. You, you preach. You play. You played a years, I played 14 years. I understand the collision, man. And, and people see, everybody thinks something easy if you've never done it. Or maybe they, maybe they have, maybe they have done it. But we talking about peewee high school, college, that's in my pro. But it is different. It's different. And there's levels to this. As you go up, you play flag And you play popcorn, I mean pee peewee popcorn or whatever you wanna call it. Then you go to jv, you go to high school, you go to college. Now there is no higher level Yeah.


Than the NFL. So all the people say, look, the NFLA we'll allow you to play. We want you to sign this waiver, whatever position you want to play. If you'll run to play running back, you wanna play wide running back. Well, you wanna play quarterback running back who? Huh? If they want, and please. And so, no Joe, not the game. We gonna, Hey, we're gonna have practice. Okay. Who you wanna go up against? So you want Fran Warner? You want Zaire Franklin? You want Roon Smith? No. Okay. You want Pat or Tan? No. You want Jalen Ramsey? Or you want Stingley? I'm talking about who do you want, who do you want Guard? Who do you want to go up against now we ain't gonna just one time and we'll say, okay, now tell me what you think.


You think they're still hitting the NFL And You know what? People's perspective on the game won't change until they're actually in that situation and a situation. Hypothetically speaking, they will never be in. Therefore that's why they comment the way they do from the outside looking in. That's why they talk down on players the way they do because they've never been in that position. They don't understand how difficult it is. So it's easy to talk, You know, from the couch. Or if you watch a game And you study the game and have never actually played it to understand how difficult it is. I don't think people really understand how great Saquon Barkley is. Forget the number he put up. I don't understand. I don't think they get it. They don't understand how good La Mark Jackson and Josh Allen, all these dudes that you talk about, You know, on Twitter and X and they don't understand how good these dudes are.


Oh, I'm not saying that you can't catch, but I'm saying catch the ball with a dude gonna drill you. We have to fo that's what we have to focus. We have to lock in on the ball, bring it in and man, come on man. It's so many that man's man. Hey, oh Joe, they don't hit no more. I tell you what, we gonna hand the ball off And we going block it just like we would. Yeah. If that was Derrick Henry or Sequan running the football, we are not gonna turn him loose on you. Right. We gonna block it all the same. And, and ma mind you remember this and when they block it all the same, there's always one free man that the running back has to do. Absolutely. Because the quarterback is not blocking anybody. Yeah. Always one man that the court that the the running back has to beat and that's your man.


You got to beat them on your own. It's different man. And you got on pads. I mean, you, you not used to juicing nobody. Hey, as a matter of fact, you see the guy from the, the Hawks, they had the two guys that he went to lay the ball up and he end up tearing his knee. Woo. For real? Yes. You talking about like at, at at half time. Yes. They had, You know how they had the competition? You gotta make so many points. One guy on one end, one guy on the other end, they gave him 5, 4, 3 he got in the ball with to lay it up, rhythm him up outta in the wheelchair.


That's funny. But what s the Thing is though, I don't think people realize when people are like, well damn man, you bigger than I thought. You don't look that big on tv, right? Hell, I'm small compared to a tight end. Oh Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. And then you multiply that a guy running full speed if you ain't never been used to taking no hit or you haven't taken a hit in a while, you not taking no lose. No, not at all. Because As, as I got older, I didn't want to look. I was a guy, I a, I would take a lick. I was a okay, I'm cool. And I was right back up as I got older, I started getting year 12, 13, 14.


Right. I put that blink on. No choke please. Oh no, I hear rattled up outta, I ain't taking that link no more. Yeah, I'm good. You, you listen, as you get older, you get about the year 10 and on you make bid And you business decisions. Absolutely. Hey, put that blink on head on another bound. Wait. Hey, turn it up. No, I'm good. Hey, it's Ocho, it's second and one. If we can't get second at 1 31, I don't tell Yeah. Somebody's wrong something Now late. The ball game for him down. Something like that. Okay. Okay. I can, Hey, I got two. Hey, back in the day, Don, your two guy coming.


Okay. You over here? You over here? Okay. I You shit him go over the path. Yeah. I come I think you the lesser of the danger. Let me get you, let me get you, I'm I'm gonna get you. Yeah. Hey, back inside. That's a problem. You not a problem. Right. But I, I, I, I'm ang I'm, I'm really anxious to see Travis give it a go. Yeah. Playing both sides. It, It's important where he goes. It's very, very, very, very, very important where he goes, I And I, I hope, I agree.


The team that drafts him understand his beliefs, understands his wants and they use him in in that manner because he's an exciting player. He's a generational talent and they need to be able to use him in a manner. So he is able to display that at the next level. The same way he did at Colorado. I'm not so sure. It is not more of a mental than a physical focus. Right. Because you have to be on your A game all the time. All the time. Especially on defense. Because, because You know, sometimes the wide receiver, you're not getting the ball. So I ain't really got a focus. I ain't playing throwing me the ball. I'm laughing the progression. But as a defensive player, as a d as a corner, you lied.


You have one slip. Ocho you hesitate a little bit. You gotta smell the, the ocho. Oh yeah. Strike up the van. That's it. And Now you come. Hey, you hey. And what everybody do, I think you ever touched. Now what they do Ocho then look up at the Joe Mo trouble. Yeah. That's you. That's you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You did that. We just saw that. Yeah. But you looking over there, you hear that. But I'm anxious to see what he can do. He believes he can do it. Yeah. Do I believe he can play every snap offense and defense? I don't do, I think he can play one side and then the half packages, I believe it's easier. Right. If he's a DB for them to install packages at the wire position. Right.


I believe that's easier. But let him try it. Yeah. I Like it. I think I I And you And you draft, you drafting him, knowing that's what he wants to do. One of the reasons he went with time, time told him he would let him do it. I'll, I'll let you do whatever you can do. He showed time he could do it. He did it. He won the Heisman Trophy. One of the great seasons of the wide receiver had what, 13, 1400 yards a db. He had a bunch of pass breakups. Had a force Bumb of key interceptions. Yeah. Good tackler. Oh, he gonna come up and too, Now you Can, let's see what he can do.


No, no problem whatsoever. Give him, I think you gotta get, I think you have to give him that because deep down, because now he gonna feel some type of way. Right. Oh yeah. You already knew. You already, you knew what I wanted before I got here. I expressed my interest in it. Yeah. I said it over and over and over countless times. And you bring me in, you draft me this high, wherever it may be. And then when I get here, you tell me. Well, we don't think you, You know how they play that game, monk? Well, we don't think you, well we, we think you're better suited at, come on now. Don't, don't, don't play that game. I about tell me he would love that opportunity. So where do you think he goes though, Joe?


Yeah. Oh man. Where, where do you think Trav goes? I don't know Cleveland, the Giants, I don't, I don't know because Cleveland, listen, when you talk about Cleveland, they need a quarterback. When you talk about the Giants, they need a quarterback. So I don't think any, any of in those two teams are not passing up on Shado or Cam Ward. Now I listen, somebody might come up from low and surprise us on draft day and come and grab a quarterback early and then it frees up Shado somewhere else. We keep forgetting. We not even talking about Abdul Carter. Hell, who's to say he don't go first? You know, I, I it's, you just don't know. Especially with those four.


Ain't no telling how it's gonna go, but I know it's gonna go in the top five. I just don't know where. And who knows what's gonna happen on draft day with some other team and some conversation that they might, that they might feel a player is up there that might be a generational talent and a franchise chain them player to them and they go up and snatch him and change the draft all the way up. According to Adam sch, the Browns are more likely to pick Travis Hunter at two in the draft. He impressed Cleveland at his pro day. The Browns are exploring a potential taking Travis Hunter at two, then trading back into the first round to land Jalen Mill Monroe. It's possible that Millrose could be picked around their, with their second pick, but it would be gambling.


And in the season with, with Kenny Pickett as qb, one Millrose was invited and he has accepted an invitation to the NFL draft. You think is, is he, Miro has the chance to go in the first round? You think That's what they're saying? Oh, Joe. It just, I Don't, I don't like that man. I don't like when they, I don't like when they bring players in and have 'em sitting there like that all day and ain't no telling where you gonna go. It's not, it's not for certain you're going in the first round. They, they put the camera on you while everybody was getting picked. I don't like that Unc, that's embarrassing to me, man. I would be cautious. Right. Lemme tell you why I'm conscious.


I'm cautious because I watched Anthony Richardson And I watch a supremely guy that size run 4, 5, 4, 4, whatever. He ran, jump out of the gym. Well, he's a 50 plus percent completion guy in college. College. NFL is harder to get completions than the NF than college. If you're 50 in college, you see he was 46. Richardson was 46. There are times I'm looking at Mirror. I'm like, bro, what are, what was that? Now, I'm not saying that with some time, but how much time are you gonna give it?


Right? Because you going to Cleveland, bro, they gonna need you to be at, at least by year two. You Gotta go. You Gonna need to be ready to go because Jimmy and D has them. They look, look, we bit the bullet on this Deshaun. We gave up three first round picks. One of 'em was CJ STRs. One of 'em was Will Anderson Jr. And the other one was Tank De. That's Crazy. Oh, that's crazy. One was offensive Rookie of the year. The other was Defensive Rookie of the Year. And they both gone to the Pro Bowl. Now we bit the bullet on them. Right. We signed off on Deshaun, but you brought that to us now we just gave what you call him, a hundred and what, 40 million?


160 million, whatever we gave Miles, miles, Garrett. Right. We took Trav, we traded back into the first round, which means that we're possibly gonna have to give up next year's first round. Okay. Listen, they, they, I mean, listen, the Browns have been missing. Okay. The Browns have been missing for a long time on their first round picks. They've been missing for a long time. I know one thing. And they came Miss if they go with Travis Hunter, you can't, you can't miss No. You won't miss now. They miss, they miss they missed the quarterbacks. But you're not gonna miss there. So it, I I I I'm ready for it to see.


I'm ready for, to see how this thing play. I'm trying to, I'm, I I'm trying, I I'm tired of trying to play expert and like, oh, he's going here. He's going there. 'cause you don't know, like you said, somebody might come zooming up the draft board because somebody like, oh, he ain't get selected. Oh, I can get him here. Right. We're about to find out on April 18th.


Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill ride shot with IMAX Film Camera Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag Chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me and why the Florida Gators won first played a great second half and competed at a high level. The second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior bacon cheeseburger or $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness,


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins. Right? Next time use Amazon Pharmacy, we deliver. And no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy healthcare just got less painful.


I The Dolphins are reportedly growing, increasingly frustrated with Tyreek's Hill's antics on the word about the culture he's creating in the locker room. They have begun to hear teams out potential trade scenarios, but will only act on a deal where they feel they're getting fair value in the return. Right. I tried to tell you this ocha, what you ain't want? Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. He tried to tell me what, How about Tyreek? They was getting tired of that. Oh, Well listen about it. I, I think Ty Tyreek ain't Tyreek ain't slow. He's pretty smart if you, if if You know they tired of it And you keep on doing it, what does that tell you?


He doing it on what? Don't you doing it on what You think you're doing it on purpose. Absolutely. Absolutely. At this point, abso absolutely. TikTok, You know, some of the stuff he's doing Well, he the one that touch him talking about, oh, define out your team trying to trade him. You are the one, the last game of the season. You talking about your pizza out. You gotta go do what's best for you. I don't like when guy, I don't like when people become a victim in their own story. Right. Be a victim in someone else's story. Right. You can't be a victim in a story that you created. You created this, you wanted out of Kansas City. A situation. Whoa. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. He wanted to get paid. He wanted to get paid. That's all he wanted to get paid. They, they wanted, they were going to pay him.


But you gotta realize Tyreek had years left on the contract. Yeah. Now when they came to him and they asked him would he restructure, he said, nah, I don't believe it. I signed the contract. Then the next year he wanted to redo his contract even though he had said he had the year before he signed the contract. I got no problem with that. Yes sir. You go to a guy that was injury pro. Don't you tell the people at home, how did Tour come into the league? He limped into the league. Remember he fractured his hip his last year. College. Yes sir. He was injury prone in college. College. Were they not nearly as physical as they are at the NFL. So what do you think is gonna happen? Ocho? He's, he's, because he, he gonna deal with some injuries here on at the next level.


That's what he is had to deal with. So Now, and then you go, look, I get it. You know, you aint, but you tried to sell us. You try. You ain't nobody believed that tour was on the home level. Not as an accuracy, not as being able to throw none of that. Okay. You wanna hype your quarterback up. You're like, Hey, I believe in it. I we get all of that. You played the wide I receiver position. I started wide receiver at tight end. I get it. I wanna give my guy confidence. Let You know. I believe in, but I'm trying to figure out Ocho what is it like you said his first year there, he was second in the league in receiving the first, third, second year there. First year there. He was second in the league in receiving. The next year there, he one of a few guys that's ever had 1800 receiving yard yard last year.


He was Nick. It got up to a bad start. Yeah, it started the first game of the season. O cho with the traffic stop and so forth and so on. I don't really know what happened, but hey bro, I, oh lord, I just don't get these guys, Hey listen, I don't get, you never know what's gonna happen. All that, all that stuff is going on. You know, Tyreek is not happy. Obviously. He's continues to do what he does on social media. Probably trying to egg on a trade in, in, in that manner, in, in a fun, entertaining way, You know, using TikTok. Then you have the draft coming up on, ain't no telling what's gonna happen. Draft day, ain't no telling. So, You know, some something might happen there. You know, it, it changed things up.


Yeah. I'm just like, that's what's so exciting to me because you just don't know. Yeah. Yeah. You just don't know. There's nobody for certain, You know what, he was so great in college. He's absolutely going number one. You just don't know. Yeah. Who, who, who you talking about going number one? Oh, I Man. Oh. Oh, you talking about Oh, oh yeah. I'm saying yeah, you just, you just, you don't know. It could be, listen, Tennessee need a re Tennessee need a quarterback, don't they? Yes. I mean, I don't know man.


Ain't no telling. I, I think the thing is, Ocho this is what we see. Yeah. No matter how great you are, they'll move your head. Oh yes. They, and they'll, because they're not gonna let you become bigger than the team. Not only bigger than the team. They won't let you become bigger than the game itself. No, no, because Kansas City, they traded Tyreek and went to three straight Super Bowls. Yeah, well, but listen, they want to, Now you gotta understand why they went to three. They got, they got, damn, they got that special dude over there too. So they got that special. So What does that tell you? Why receivers ain't doing nothing without what? No matter who he is. Quarterback Tyreek had 1800 yards.


Waddle had another 1200. Did they win a playoff game? I was just, I was, I was, I was just talking about the Super Bowl factor. But I got you. You know, you better have that guy to pull that drinker. Oh yeah. You better have, you better have him It. Oh, because think about it. All those years, new England, how many, how many pro bowl wide receivers they had. If you take Randy Mo outside of the equation, Wes weer, I think Troy Brown went the one. Yeah, but I don't think Troy, I don't think Troy, I could be wrong. I don't know if Troy went with Brady. I think he went maybe a, a year before Brady. Maybe I'm wrong. Right. But if you go back and study at oj, they have a whole lot of Pro Bowl wide receivers.


Mm. That's why, that's why people really fell in love with talk. Right. It's like this man getting all these super, going to all these Super Bowls and they got all these talk wide receiver here. Wide receiver here. Wide receiver over there. Pro Bowl all pro. And he doing that. You better have that guy. Yeah. It makes a difference. There's a reason they make the big bucks. It makes a big difference. He's the foundation. If you get him Ocho, I can build, if I got a solid foundation, I can put whatever I want on it. I can, if I got a great foundation, I can put a 20,000 square foot home.


Yeah. Or I can put a thousand square foot home. Mm. My foundation solid. And it can hold it all. A foundation is so important in all aspects of life, huh? It is. Well you just, you just said a word there and don't even know you said it. I get Gronk was there. But y'all do realize that Brady went to how many Super Bowls before Gronk around. Don't do that. Don't minimize that man. Gronk is, Hey, Gronk for me is one of the two best tight ends. Some people got Gronk one, some people got Kelsey. I got Kelsey. Hey, I'll debate, I'll debate you. Look at the regular season, look at the post season, blah, blah, blah.


So forth. The saw. But Tom, come on now. All I know is Dion Branch won two Bowl MVP. Yeah. He went to Seattle And we never heard from him. David Patton. Y'all know where David Patton went after he left New England? Go back. Look at the receivers that he had early in his career. Yes. He hasn't board them. When they left New England, did you ever hear from them again? He take it undrafted. Y'all do realize Wel Walker was an undrafted guy.


Y'all do realize Edelman was a seventh round guy. What was, what did, what round did Amandola get drafted in? Because I think he went to the Rams first. Ocho. Yeah. Amman. I think, if I'm not mistaken, Amandola was with the Rams first. If I'm not mistaken. That man was really turning let look, they were good players, but I don't know if they're gonna be what they became Without being there. Wow. So he was an undrafted free agent. Who? Ola. Hey, Amandola was nice too.


Huh? He, He was the Cowboys, then the Eagles, then the Rams. He was nice. Get David Gibbons. Do y'all remember what David Gibbons went once he left New England? What about David Patton? Dion Branch was a Super Bowl. MVP. He went to Seattle. Did y'all ever hear from him again? Yeah. Edible was a quarterback or Yeah. I can't, I can't, I can't say. Yeah. Can't say. Yep. I just look, I don't seven 11, Chris, Chris Hogan, your guy.


Oh, always open Buffalo Mill. Yeah. Seven 11. Yeah. He hand with the Dolphins. What He rafted? He was like a lacrosse or a field hockey player. Hey, he was nice. He was nice. He was nice. What he got with Brady? He was nice. Goddamn Chris Hogan. That's a good one. Yeah. Big discourse was created over the weekend when draft expert tweeted lots of double taps and hitches from Sha door today. NFL defenders closed windows quickly. This was a concerning workout. Andre Cisco said, boy, better stop patting the ball. We breaking all that early. But Darius Slaton jumped in and said, I promise he can pat the ball just fine.


If a DB was so good at breaking on the ball and Pat, they'd have eight plus picks a year. Same guys that followed two. The two man dagger concept and give up digs in the third long, every season. All season long. Talking about, boy pat the ball. What a joke. I said the exact same thing. I said the exact same thing. Right. All the, all the, all the, all the work, the db o they pat no back. They gonna drive on that. Man. Listen, they not driving on nothing, man. Stop playing. This is a timing game. It's always been a timing game. It, it always has been. Quarterbacks have been patting the ball since the beginning of time. It just, it's a part, it's a part of rhythm. It's a part of rhythm throwing as well. Yes. Sometimes you hitch, sometimes you don't.


Sometimes you pat, sometimes you don't. Sometimes the pat is for the timing of the actual throw, waiting for the receiver to get open. Many. It's just how many, it's it's a part, it's a part of the rhythm when you, when you playing Picks the system. Hey, When you throw, hey, when you on, when you, when when John Elway throw that skinny route, right? Yeah. He hit that seven. When you hit that seventh step, the ball is gone. Yes. Now play like that. There's no hitch and there's no pat. 'cause the balls coming out right all time. Right. You gotta a dig route. You got a curve route. There's a pat on the ball. If he gets to that fifth step, if you're not at your break yet, it just is on the, the corner route.


The deep ball, when you hit that seven step, you got play action. There's a power Ball on the hitch. You taking five, you taking five with a hitch. And The hit my my point exactly. Whoever, whoever, whoever that was for one. We talking about on, we talking about in shorts And we talk about on air turn on the goddamn film. Watch all 32 NFL quarterbacks on drop back passes. You'll see all of 'em. Take hitches, you'll see all of 'em. Pat the ball. It's a part of the game and always has been. That's called nitpicking. Trying to find something wrong to say. And then you loud and wrong. You loud and wrong.


Well, I, I'm, well hopefully everybody gonna get their chance to see, but oh, Joe, at this point in juncture, everybody's trying to find fault. Oh, something always. He, You know, he's not, he, he, he's getting his head around too quick before the break. DB's going take key on that. Oh, he's not dropping his hips right. Or he's doing this. He's tilting the route. He's leaning into the route and the db I, You know, I I get it. I get it. I get it. Just for me. Look, you hope like Ocho the way I look at it, game film is the most important. Very. Now if I'm looking at a game, if I'm looking at a guy's game tape, I'm watching Now, if he looks fast when he goes to the compound, I hope he runs fast.


I hope he is quick. I hope he jumps high. So now that co that corroborates what I seen on tape. Right? Now, if there's something that I, that I see on tape that I don't see when he tests, I got to go back and evaluate, okay, what did I miss? Something Ocho. Right? What am I, what am I missing then? Because at the end of the day, I still believe tape is the most important. Always. And I give you a prime example. Ozzy, he took Terrell Suggs, Terrell Suggs ran four eight with track spikes and, and, and a jock. I say, Ozzy, how do you take this man with a top 10 pick? And he ran four eight and he looked at me, damn, by turn on the film, boy, somebody got them 24 sacks.


Somebody got the 24 sacks. He said, son, you watch him bend to edge, you Don't understand Kuwait. I said, okay. Yeah, Okay, okay. Okay. And look, why am I arguing with Ozzy? Look at the Hall of Famers. He's got Ray Lewis, Jonathan Ner, Ann Reed. Sung's gonna be a hall of famer. Yeah. Lamar Jackson's gonna be a hall of Famer Fame. Marsha Yonder's gonna be a hall of famer. So I mean, what, what, what do we do here? Yeah. At the end of the day, watch the tape. Do you see what, what do you see on tape? Are there some things everybody has think that it could correct?


Absolutely. Y'all think it seem like Peyton and to, and everybody, there's something you can get better at. But to say a guy is flawless is just not true. No, not, not at all. Not at all. You could listen, you could break down people's tape right Now. You could break down people's tape right now that are in the league that are some of the best at their positions right now. And you can find flaws in their game. Absolutely. And you can find, all you have to do is nitpick. You can nitpick, you can nitpick on any and everybody, there is always something to continue to work on no matter how long you've been playing this game, because you'll never be perfect. No matter how much you strive for, you strive for perfection. You will always fall short because you're human.


And there will always be human error in everything that you do. So I, I I listen, I understand what the guy was was saying with the scout, whoever, whoever tweeted that out, I don't think they really understand that the, the game of football in general before making that general statement. When all quarterbacks do this, they all do based on the based, based on the play, based on the, the length of the route. I mean just, it it, it made no sense. It was so funny to see Micah going back and forth and Darius slaton them talking trash. That was, that was funny. Right. And, and, and most of the time the quarterback they have the ball with, with how many times you see the quarterback bring the ball over one head and throw it. They bring the ball up here like this. They on choke. Exactly. And, and then that, that rhythm throw, it's a pat and let it go.


Yes. A pat and let it go. Now just to keep the time and continuity of the play going Like, You know, smoke route a slant, quick out. You can't hitch it like that it damn show going the other way. It's Just coming. It's coming out. It's coming out right away. Yeah. Listen, girl and outside too. Yes. Yes. You And you absolutely right. Because when you throwing 1, 2, 3, yeah that ball's gotta go because them get, they now they driving on that now. Yeah. And the funny and the funny thing about it, think about it. We talking about the good dbs in the NFL, them first three, them first three steps. And they not even looking at the receiver, they looking at the quarterback. Exactly. They looking at the quarterback. So once, once that arm is gone, the, that's why the, that's why ball placement is so important.


'cause the good dvs are not even looking at the receiver until after that fourth or fifth step. That's how you, that's how we get 'em on the sluggle because you do this. Oh yeah. Your Eyes in the back field playing around And now they throwing them top of your head or they get the stu the stutter go because you wi it and he drop his hip and the quarterback does that. Yeah. Listen, hey, as a db, when they double move you, you better have hell of a hips and transition. Oh yeah. Nah. Just tackle it. Beautiful hips. And we have to transition. Just Tackle it. Just tackle him. Because, because what he's gonna, because what he's gonna do is that he know once You know, he beat you start to come up.


He going get, he going get outside. He gonna get outside your Oh yeah. So you might as well just, hey, tackle him, interfere with him. I I'm not giving up, I'm not giving up anything. I'm not giving up anything cheaper deep. Right. But I thought he threw, look, I don't really take anything from anybody throwing the ball in shorts and anything. No. 'cause they're not, that's not how you play the game of football. Right. I What did the guy, when you watch the guy in shorts, no. Is he Lamar Jackson as far as the athletic citizen? No. No. Does he have a, a Patrick Mahomes arm? No, but he has an arm. That's plenty good enough. Yeah. Are you telling me that Tom Brady? Are you telling me Peyton Manning? Are you telling me, Philip, are you telling me Drew Brees are more athletic than Shado?


No, they're not. No, No. And they got it done. I'm not saying he's gonna be any of those guys. Right. Both we talking about just athleticism. I mean, there ain't no guy. I mean with the, I mean he's, he accurate because I feel, hold on, hold on, Kenny. He, He's not just accurate, he's insanely accurate. Exactly. Insanely can throw every ball and every ball he throws is catchable. Yes. They got, they they got some receivers. I mean some, they got some quarterbacks out there, You know, throughout the years now they've thrown a very difficult ball to catch. I agree. Allah number four, who your brother played for, You know, tearing people hands up, splitting the web of they fingers, You know that, I mean, he, he was a gun slinger that that's what he was known for.


But Shado is extremely accurate. Yeah. He does a great job of throwing and has great anticipatory skills. Skills. Yes. Great job guy. A great job of throwing guys open. That's, that's the difference between college and the NFL. Right? Even When you think the guy isn't open, you throw him open. Well yeah, guys ain't gonna be running no, hell no. Five and 10 and three yard separation in the NFL. Oh not these, no. Unless it's a long coverage a guy falls down or something. But most of the time you're gonna have to fit a ball into a tight window And also something he doesn't get credit for. We always bring up him not being a dual threat, not being able to run, but his pocket presence. Yeah, his pocket. He has great pocket presence in his ability and short air quickness to be able to extend plays.


Not get away from people like Lamar Jackson and Josh Allen, but extend plays to make throws downfield. He's been, he's very good at that. Especially if you, if you watch, obviously we watched Colorado all last year And we understand that despite all the sacks he took, because listen, You know, one of the issues obviously with them, was there old line at The time wasn't very good. Yeah. Ain't no ain't ain't nowhere around that o Joey's offensive line wasn't very good. It's not like, it's not like we're we're breaking news. You watch the game. Yeah. There's a times that he's gonna have to know he's gonna have to throw the ball away. Yeah. You don't have to throw, you just throw the ball away. You live to see another day. You don't want take that unnecessary punishment And you don't want to take your team out field goal range or you don't wanna make it third and long or second along, Hey, throw the ball away live to see another day.


And that's comes with maturity. I mean, the guy's only what, 21, 22 years of age. 22 years of age. Yeah. So it takes time and he'll get better. The, the, the, the Peyton Manning that you saw, the great quarterbacks that you saw the rookie season. There weren't that the, the midway through and at the tail end of their career, they were, they were better. Right. You get better, you learn more. Once you come to the NFL, you start studying tape, you start watching you pick up things And you, you self-evaluate yourself. Right. That's what the really great ones do. They'll value, they self-evaluate yourself. Like, damn. And I, that's why that mofo covered me. Damn. I tipped off this route. But, but think About, think about the names that you said, the Tom Bradys, the Peyton Mans when they first started, where their years weren't exceptional as opposed to how they ended up Yeah.


To say Shado doesn't go somewhere. Right. Right. You see how he talked in that presser? What he said, whoever Sears about me and won the franchise chain, the quarterback, that's who need to sign me. Who says he's gonna come in and have a season like CJ Raul did, depending on where he goes, who sat not come and have a, a season like Jayden Daniels did with the commanders, depending on where, You know, depending on where he goes. But what if he has that belief where his presence alone heightens everything else around him? Who the hell quarterback them go to the commanders and turn the franchise around just like that in six months. Quarterback Goes to Houston and turns the the Texas around in six months.


Yep. Come on man. Ain't no, I agree. Ain't no telling what's finna happen, But hey, let's just give him an opportunity. Let's see what it, let's see where he goes. Hopefully goes someplace and has a good offensive coordinator, good head coach. Have great talent around him because if you go back and look Ocho what did take, what did CJ have around him? Nico Collins Tank. Dale. Yeah. Had Dalton Schultz. Yeah. Nice tight end. You got Jayden Daniels had Nice, Hey, they had Zach Erz, they had Terry mc, Gary, Terry McClarin.


Well, well listen, I like that. You just broke that down. Now look at the places that he had the chance to go to. We got the Browns right. Got him Joco. We got my Jerry, we got Jerry Judy, we got my rock runner. I, I'm not, I'm not sure who the number two is. Who, who's the number two receiver? I forget the guy. I know who you're talking about. I, I, he, he was Okay. Yeah, but You know, they, once they got moved on from Amari, Right. I forget the guy's name on Chuck. He Took over. I, I can't remember. I can't remember myself. But then, okay, let's say if it, let's say it's not Cleveland. Let's say the Giants. You got Malik Naples. Yep. And Dar, I think Slayton was still there too, right? Didn't he slate?


You got Slayton. We were just arguing on, oh, You know what, with with Michael Parsons. Yep. You know, come on, come on now. Come on now. We, we could, we, we could work with that. I just think the thing is that sometimes we have false perceptions that we think the guy coming in should be a finished product and that's the best he's going to be. Nah. And they don't realize that these guys have the opportunity to get better. That's not the best. That that shouldn't be the best that they, that they, that they are, they should incrementally get better. Right. And you work at it, you study, you put the time in. Good things normally happen. So what Elijah Moore.


Oh, Elijah Moore. Hey Elijah. They got him. I think they got him Ocho, Elijah, Clemson boy. Hey, he could run some Ros now. He got Got some feet on, got some cardinals. Huh? Cedric Tillman. Where did Cedric Tillman come from? Tillman. I played with a guy named Cedric Tillman who went to Alcorn State. Hey, I know Elijah Moore is boy, he can run some route boy, huh? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He's smaller, smaller guy. Good in the slot. But You know Jerry Judy is tremendous in that slot. But Jerry, Judy, I, I was happy for Jerry. Yeah. He had a hell of a, he had a Hell of a season boy because Look, he wasn't getting the opportunities.


They didn't have the quarterback. He goof frustrated. And I think the thing is like when you, it's easy when you are a young receiver ocho to get down, right. Because a fans start boo you coaches pull you playing time and all of a sudden, yeah, you normally play in 45 plays And you play at 20. Well how in the hell you expect me to show you something in 20 plays when at least five of those the quarterbacks gonna get flushed? Yeah. Another, another five. I'm not the number one option. I might be, I might not even be the second option. I might be third option. Right. And second and, and two of those gonna be screened. He gonna get sacked on another three. So how the hell you expect me to do something with 20 plays and I'm really only involved in about seven of them. Ah.


Hey, I'm excited man. I can't wait for football season. Eli, when is the draft? The draft next week, huh? Yeah, he was there. He was there last year. Elijah Moore. He's not there anymore. Ocho he gone gone. He was there last year because I remember him catching a, catching a pa a couple of passes against the Broncos. That's why the name, but Okay. Said Jerry, Judy, Cedric Tillman, and some guy named Michael Woods, obviously. And Joe who's there. Yeah. But okay, well hell, we could work with that too. We, we good. We good. We could work with that


On April 18th. Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill ride shot with IMAX film cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17. Not admitted without pairing.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me. And while the Florida Gators won first played a great second half and competed at a high level, the second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins right? Next time. Use Amazon Pharmacy, we deliver. And no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy Healthcare just got less painful.


Former Atlanta Falcons wide receiver, Julio Jones, one of the best players in franchise history, announced his retirement from the NFL Jones, A seven time Pro Bowl selection, A two time first team all pro selection during his 13 NFL seasons. He twice led the NFL in receiving yards 20 15, 20 18. And he's the Falcon's all time leader in reception's. 848 receiving yards. 12,896, his 60 receiving touchdowns, mark second in Falcon's history behind Roddy White. Hmm. How will you Ocho Remember Julio? Well, Julio Jones, one of the best to ever play this game. Now, now we, we, we talk, we talk about top five, we talk about top listen.


Might be, might be top five, hon. Honestly, to come outta Alabama, man, one of, one of the greatest ever. I enjoy watching Julio play. Somebody. It's, it's, it's so funny, right? Watching Julio Jones play, there's a, there's a young fella down there at Ohio State that's from Miami who looks just like him. Jeremiah Smith. Oh yeah. Jeremiah Smith, who might be the second coming of, of Julio Jones. But man, Julio Julio was awesome to watch, man, throughout, throughout, while his entire career, some of the things he could do on the field, that 300 yard game he had against the Carolina Panthers was unbelievable when he snatched that goddamn damn ball off the top of Luke, Luke Coakley head that time when he snatched that ball away from Malcolm Butler in the end zone for that to man.


Yeah, there, there, there's some great highlights of Julio Jones. Julio, I know you gonna see this boy. I've always been a fan of yours. I've always showed you your love and gave you your flowers while you was actually still playing. I'm still a fan to this day. You going to get you that gold jacket because you definitely a hall of Famer And I, you, you, you taught five in my book. You know, I, I would have to shuffle the five around a little bit. But you belong in it. I salute you on a great career. And that's it. You know, he, he nice. He was nice. Consummate Pro. Had a great career. I wish he could have finished his career in Atlanta because, You know, bouncing around ocho, he went to what he went to, I think he went to, he went to Tennessee after he left that, right?


Yeah, He went to Tennessee. Went Tennessee, Tampa. He went to Tampa and he went to New Philly. No, Philly. Philly, yeah. Yeah. A man. He had a man if only, if only they could have closed out that Super Bowl, that Tour, that 23 game. And he had, he had an amazing catch that had him, em and Field go rank On the side. On the sideline. Right? On the sideline. Yep. Woo-hoo. Hey, Steve bti, owner of the Raven Ravens said he's ready for his team to break through the ceiling and make it to the biggest game of the year. Bti said he doesn't like waiting 12 years and he think impatience is good for you when it comes to competing for titles.


He also made it clear, I want to win Now we've got a window with Lamar. Yeah, I know what we can do. I know, I know that we work to put ourselves in position to win. We all get credit for that. That's all you can do. I hate it that every year you just have to start back over again. But You know what, this is not for the Meek, the Chiefs. Yeah. The bills have ended. The last Raven C the last two. What will be different this year? Ocho. I mean, listen, it all comes down to two things. Turnovers. That's all it comes down to in those games when they've lost, even though they've been able to overcome Lamar's been able to overcome some of the turnovers, the early turnovers in, in the game, late in the game.


Yeah. Obviously we know how it ended with Andrew dropping the ball and having an opportunity to tie the game, not knowing what would happen going into the second half or overtime at, at, at, at, at that point. But still listen about him saying ba in, in general, saying he's impatient. He wants to win. Now, as long as you have number eight at the hymn, as long as you haven't have made it in him, you're gonna always have a chance. Every time. There are a few quarterbacks in the league, huh? There are 32 teams. There may be five or six quarterbacks that then that got, are going to be in contention every single year. You can have a goddamn blind on. Right? I guarantee they'll be in the playoffs. The Baltimore Ravens is one of them. As long as number eight is upright alive and well, you got a shot every time.


Now all you have to do is just finish it off in the postseason. That's it. Eliminate the turnovers. That's been your Achilles heel so far. Once you made it. So they, they, they gonna be all right. They gonna be all right. He had nothing to worry about. Just the simple fact that the A FC North is run through Cincinnati. That's the only part. No, they, No Ocho check this out. Lamar Jackson is challenging. NASCAR legend. Dale Earnhardt Jr. From the number eight trademark Lamar says is too close to era eight. Brand name Jackson filed a similar trademark opposition to Troy Eggman in 2024, and they're still battling Ojo Lamar versus Dale, Jr. Who owns the number eight?


Oh man, listen. Dale, Dale Jr. We talking about I an icon, we talking about an icon in, in, in the racing world. Someone that's been around for a very long time. Listen, Lamar Jackson still has a ways to go. He's an icon in his own right and what he's doing down in Baltimore. I, as a quarterback in general, You know, he's continuing to cement his legacy at some point. Once he get that, once he gets that ring, he's gonna solidify that still one of the all time greats right now. But, but that eight, that Earnhardt a Dale, it is different. I Mean, it's so hard. It, it, it that, that, that ain't represents something else. That's, that's it's, it's iconic.


It's hard. That last name alone, UNC, I mean, when it comes to a number, the only number that you, that's synonymous is 23. Yeah. Yeah. He is 23. That's really the only number that's synonymous with look, I understand David retired, You know, magic was 33 in college, but Kareem had 33, and so he slid to 32. Right. And boom, Shaq was 30. What, what was Shaq? Shaq was 32 in, in Orlando 32, but he ended up going to 34. Yeah. So I get it. But when you think of numbers, Yeah. And it, it's gonna be hard. I mean, You know, I think Troy Aman got a beer called, I think he has a beer called Eight or something, if I'm not mistaken.


I think he does. Or Yeah, I think he has a beer. Mm. I think I, I, I think, I think I don't quote me on that. Don't Joe, but I think I was reading something that he has a beer called Eight. You know what? Hell, I got my phone here. I'll look it up. I It's, it's E-I-G-T-H. Yes. He does have a beer called eight. Yeah. Yep. Low carb, low calorie. I liked it. It it, You know, it is some, it's, it's certain players on like, when you see their number, when you see a certain number Yeah. A certain player resonates with that number regardless of what team, regardless of the color of a jersey. You know, I'm, I mean, I ain't trying to too my own horn.


Yeah. But when you see, when you see 85, You know, for, for the, for the most part. Yeah. I think Isaac Curtis Resonates. Oh, that's you. Stop. Oh, bitch, I, I'm just saying. I, I, I'm, listen, I'm with you. Right? When you see that 12, You know, it resonates with, You know, Tom Brady when you see 15 for the, for the most part, even though he's still playing, You know, you think of Patrick McCombs. Yeah. Or, or, or You know, Hey, in 99, You know what, 99 is the great one. Retz. Oh yeah, The great one. Oh, wait, we, Hey listen, as great as he is, ove, Osky is only three goals away. You Know that. It don't matter.


3, 3, 3, 3 Off. Yeah. But hey, yeah, it'd be great. Well, when he get nine hard trophies, it'll row talk to me. Yeah. Okay. That's different. When he get hey speaking. I think Ovi, I think Obie wear OO actually wear eight too. Lamar Jackson has, Lamar, Jackson's one of those players as he continues to play and play well throughout his career, whether he win, whether he wins or rink or not. Right. That number eight can resonate with him when he's, when he's gone and done playing. That number eight can also resonate. Yeah. In remembering him as Well. Yeah. You know, there, look, we're not saying anything, but the first day, if somebody say 99, I'm thinking Gretzky, if somebody say, gimme a famous 99, I'm gonna thank Gretzky. Mm. Now you wanna say, if you a Yankee fan, you wanna say Aren Judge or you a Bucks fan?


I know sap. Sap, my boy Sap. Yeah, But come on now. Come on now. Yeah. 99. Yeah. Hold on. I thought, I thought Dale Junior was 88. How did he get, why, why, why does Dale want, I thought Dale Junior drove, drove the 88 car. 88 if too, Lamar says era 88 is too close to era eight.


Oh. May maybe, maybe the, maybe the spelling, maybe the way it's spelled, I mean, I, I I can't see it in front of me, You know, for, for context purposes, but I'm E-R-A-E-R-A eight Era. Eight. Oh, okay. Okay. 80. I don't know about, I don't know. That's, that's a stretch there. It's kind of close. Yeah. It's kind of close. And usually when you, when you trademark something, you want it to stand up Yes. By itself. And that, that, that, that, those two, it, it kind of coincides a little bit. And the steel. So Too similar. Hold on. Lemme see what I gotta look, I gotta look this up, Jojo, because this, I know his dad was the number three.


Oh yeah. Legend. No, he drove, he drove 88 and he drove eight. I think the 88 card was all white. I'm, I'm, I'm not sure who the sponsor was. I, I remember it was all white. I can't remember who the sponsors were at the time. And I, I done been to a few NASCAR races on You been to NASCAR before? Yeah. You sat outside. Listen, that's one of the, that's one of the best dates when you first meet somebody And you wanna do something different, something that obviously the woman you're dating has never experienced. Take it to a nascar, take it to a NASCAR race and sit outside.


Man. They don't like that. I don't know if they can take that noise on you. Hey, hey, it's different, but put your ear plugs in. If that's, if that's the problem. It's different. It's different. It's fun. Get you, get your hot dog, get your beer. Obviously I don't drink. I had my Coke with no ice. Got my hot dog, You know, my love popcorn sat there, a great conversation, You know, watch your every watch, watch the cars going, but that's neither here nor there. But I, that's just a great date for anybody in the chat that, that, that want an idea on what it takes somebody that they just met somebody that you already know. NASCAR race. If she can't sit there with you, she don't deserve nothing. None of the finer things in life. If she don't like nascar, Dale has trademark eight, not 88.


Okay. So he tried to, I don't, I, yeah, I don't know. Troy has trademark eight as spelled out. I mean, numbers are hard to trademark Ojo because they're like, well, who they belong to you ain't created. Yeah. It's hard to trademark a number. I mean, slogans like the three peak. Pat Riley owns that, where he coined the phrase he got got copyright. Yeah. Right. Lou, I was, I here, Lou will tell the story what I called him.


Lemon, lemon Pepper. Lou. He asked Pat Bell, you think it's gonna stick? Pat said, it's already done. Stuck. He went out and got Lemon Pepper. L Lou, You know, all he got. Hey, I'm just happy that he liked the name. That that's it. I have, Hey, I was just being funny, You know, because You know, we, we talking about, we go get the wings TY Yeah. And I'm still, I'm still waiting on us to take that trip to go get them wings. We ain't been yet. Oh. I'm trying to see what all, all The folks about We gonna hit. We gonna hit Chain Spot two. Candy Land The Volume.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March Man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With a in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the Real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


The rural way of life is about making everyone feel at home. Tractor Supply shows Advanced 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform intelligent customer service. Together we put the power of AI to work across 2200 stores, keeping things running seamlessly inside curbside and countryside. This is Elevated customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


New out of nowhere, obstacles new all or nothing Moments new, less than likely Triumphs season two of The Unshakeable podcast has it all. Hi, I'm Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business and host of the show. We're excited to bring you more inspiring stories from small business owners who share the what are we gonna do? Moments that ended up changing everything. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down dude. Wipes come a variety of senses and sensation, like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with tp wetter, just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your B ho and make the trade of the season with switch to DUDE wipes, the MVP of Clean, available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude, wipes that's clean, hands down.