
When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year, you can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime, and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.


Holiday Magic is in the air, and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more. And deals to make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or dsw.com.


Lights are going up, snow is falling down. There's a feeling of goodwill around town. It could only mean one make. Rib is here. People throwing parties ugly. The sweaters everywhere, stockings hung up by the chimney. With care it could. At participating McDonald's for a limited time,


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club Soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show a whip Around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


The Volume,


The Emirates BA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


OCHO the Dolphins held onto their slim playoff hold Sunday by winning by a score aami. It's the first time in NFL history that a game has ended. Yeah. 32 26. With a win over the Jets. The dolphins six and seven end of the week with an 11% chance to make the post season and pick it up. Their fourth weight in five weeks after two and six starts, their keeps their hopes alive. Meanwhile, the Jets three and Tim was eliminated from playoff contention. They extended their playoff drop to 14 seasons the longest such drought of any team in the N-F-L-M-L-B-N-B-A-N-H-L. Aaron Rogers was a little spicy in the post game.


Went ask about the drought. Drought. Oh, I mean I've, I've started here one year, so I part of it for that one year. Oh, did he? Hey, I have a question. Did he take accountability for Anything? No, but he Oh, Joe, he played, had he played those games that they lost? Had he played like this? No. No. Yeah. Now maybe it was a situation. What I noticed, guy as guys start to get older, they really love that warm weather. You see Tom left New England. Where'd he go? OCHO Tampa. What's the weather like in Tampa, Joe?


Shoot. Well, right now about about 70, 75 80, Aaron Rogers had his best game as a, as a jet. As a jet. Where was this game today at OCHO In Miami. Where's hot? Mm, Baby. That's what he needed. So if I'm not gonna be in the jazz baby, let's see, where can I go? That's warm weather or dome come man, when you get old, man, it's cold, man. I don I don't, I don't deal with the cold like I was did, don't you? Right, right, right. But I, no, I thought Aaron, I thought Aaron played really well today. I thought he was great throwing the ball. Gary Wilson played well. Devonte. Devonte. Devonte played really well.


But my only concern was my only, I, well, I had two concerns. Rogers his age coming off an injury. And what happens if the defense has any slippage? Right. And that's, and that you, you've gotta factor that in because history, if you study history, it tells us that the likelihood of your defense being really good and staying there, normally you dip, you come back up, you dip, you come back up. Yeah. Statistically the only, the 85 bears, the 86 bears, if you go back and look at it statistically, was better than the 85 bears.


Statistically 72 Sacks had like 30, had like 30 picks, but they didn't win the Super Bowl. They got upset, if I'm not mistaken. I think they got upset by Washington and then, you know, that was it. They were 14 and two got upset after the 15 and one season. But that was my concern. And like I said, the guys around Rogers have to play really, really good because Rogers is at this stage of his crib. He's not uplifting anybody like he once could. Right. And that, and there's no shame in that most, that there's a reason why Brady went to Tampa.


Look what he had. He had a young Chris, Mike, Mike Evans, he had a young Chris Godwin. Yeah. The got wrong to come back. Had a very, very good defense. This team was very guy guys. They would've made the play off the year before, had jam, not third throw, 30 picks. They would've made a playoff. They were nine Ocho. They were nine and seven. So imagine, imagine. And he threw for 5,000 yards, 5,100 yards. So Ima let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, he cuts the picks in half. So instead of throwing 30, he throws 15. Right. That's a playoff team all day long. Easily. And so, no, but I thought Roger, I thought Rogers played in it well in it.


But I mean, God, he just like, I think now, I think now I think the media's just messing with him. They like, because they ask him about, you know what, hey, what you think about the drought? And he like, bro, I only been here. I've been healthy for, but there was the, the point is you was, you was supposed to end it though. I know you've been here for a year, but, and it's still going on. Right? That's the problem. That's that, that's what they really wanted to say. But they, they like, they didn't say it. They didn't say that. But that's what they're getting at. The new, the New York media is brutal For sure. I'm not sure they, they'll say some of the things that they wanna say in your face, but they will Sure.


Put it in the God headline. They sure will. And they got a bunch of trouble them. Well, a lot of them, they'll put it in the headline. You have to have very, very thick skin to play in New York and deal with that media. You have to be able to compartmentalize and separate the two. If you, if you don't, if you don't have the stomach or the mental capacity to deal with it, I suggest you don't play in New York and never read the goddamn tabloids or newspapers. You See a lot of what he was able to say in Green Bay. Green Bay is a home. That's the only, that's the only show in town. There's no other, they don't got no baseball team. Milwaukee has a team, but that's 90 minutes away. Milwaukee got a basketball team. But that's down the way.


They ain't got no hockey team. You gotta go to Chicago. But that's the only show in town. And they, and they write very, very favorable reports about their great players. New York, no such love. Well, they don't no such love. They don't care. They do not care. They do not. They do not. And so I don know what he was thinking when he went there. They don't care about that resume. They don't, they really don't. No, at all. All I know is that New York fans, y'all owe Zack Wilson apology. Zack Wilson was five and seven was was five and seven last year. Aaron Rogers three and 10, New York Y owed them.


Man apology now. Yeah. Y'all need a, you owe y'all need to put your money together. Apology too. Put y'all money together and take out a ad in the post page six. The New York Times. Right. The Daily News. I don't care. You can put it, Hey, whoever flew that plane over for the Giants, y'all need to fly one over for the Jets and say we wanna apologize to you personally, Zach Wilson because they And Apologize to me too. 'cause I'm the main one that was, that was, that was, yeah, Exactly in the corner. Yeah. Y'all apologized to me too. Shit. God damnit Baker Mayfield throws three touchdowns.


The bucks take over first place in the NFC South with a 28 13 win over the Raiders. Aidan O'Connell was carted off the field with a leg, with his leg and an air cast after the defender hit him late. Antonio Pierce said it doesn't look good. Uhoh, was that a dirty play Ocho, did you see the play? Hey, it's, it's hard to tell what's, everything is dirty these days, huh? Every, everything, everything is dirty. You know, a game of football, the game of football in general, especially for defenders, is reactionary. Yeah. It's just reaction.


You know, it's hard to change being able to react now that the rules have changed. You know, now I know what you, you always tell me you have to learn to adapt. And that's something the players are gonna have to do, you know, with the way the rules are going, because they will find you, they will suspend you. They will take your money and keep taking your money until you learn to adapt to the game. Because you are not going to cost them in the long run. Which is why the rules are the way they are. And I, I, I understand that. But, but again, they're taking away from the, the game of football and the way it's played. The players have gotten bigger, faster, and stronger. And now you're telling them to find ways to change the way you tackle you. I mean, it is hard.


Some people are gonna end up hurting themselves. Yeah. You know, I mean, go ahead. Defenders in the tough spot. I'm, I'm, I'm just being honest. They're in a very, very tough spot. They are. I, I think the thing is Ocho is that we gotta get away. Look, sometimes you could hit the guy dirty. I don't intend for him to get hurt. Right. But I still did. I still, you know. Yeah. Did that, you know what I'm saying? So people like, well that wasn't his intent. Well, intent only matters to him. The guy still hurt. Right, Right. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? Hey, you cut somebody off. Well, I didn't, I ain't, I ain't mean for him to, to drive off into the ditch or to hit the pole.


Yeah, but you cut him off. Yeah. Once you commit that act, I mean, it's kind of like outta your hands now. But I just, like I said, it was, it's, it's, it's, look, the game of football is a physical game and injuries are a part of the game. You play it long enough, they get you, you get somebody and somebody get you. It's just hard to go through and not take, I mean, sometimes I look at some of the hits, I'm like, damn. And sometimes Ocho, you have so much adrenaline going, you get hit. You don't realize it till the next morning. Like, damn, I'm so why I'm so sore, why this hurt? Why that hurt? And then you go back and look at the tape. That's why man, that dude like to kill me.


Yeah. Oh yeah. I remember, I remember them days all so Well. Yeah, I don't miss 'em either. You know how Stevie used to say, I wish those days would come back once more. No, I don't. Oh no. Well, no. I, I kind, I kind of miss it a little bit. I Don't, I don't miss nothing about it. The Las Vegas Raiders now, currently hold the number one pick the Giants hold the number two pick New England number three. Carolina number four, Jacksonville number five. The Tennessee Titans number six. The Jets number seven. The Browns number eight, Chicago nine. The Bengals 10 New Orleans 11. And the Dallas Cowboys.


Well, top 10 pick. How'd that make you feel? Ocho? Who knows? Y'all might be able to draft Travis. Y'all might trade up and get Travis. Hey that, whoa. Can you imagine? No. Can you imagine Cheap ass Mike Brown ain't trading up nothing. He, he better have he be, Hey, you gonna have to break that piggy bank over to pay Chase. See, you see what you have when you kick the can down the road? Yeah. That's that balloon payment. I know you don't remember that. Hey, that's what the housing market crashed. You used to have what they called, you know, balloon papers, interest only loans. All you had to do is pay the interest on the loan.


You got a 10,000, 15,000 square foot house that you paying $2,000 a month. Now that balloon payment, you gonna have to pay that thing off. Right. You see what happened when he kicked that can down the road with Chase. Now Chase like, ooh, ooh, and Chase ain't got no ski masks. Yeah. Gimme a loop. Gimme a loop. Yeah. Well, no with no no mask. Yeah. Oh, I want you to see me. This is what they call strong arm. Hey, now I'm sitting here thinking, huh? Now let's think about this. Now if we, if right now, based on our record, yeah. I'm not sure how the rest of the season is going to go, but what if the Bengals do trade up and go get Travis Hunter?


First Of all, ain't nobody going trade. Ain't nobody going trade you for it. And first of all, that's not how y'all do business. You know that. I know that. Wait a minute. We we're, what we've done is we've turned the culture around and we have a winning culture. The Detroit Lion. Well, you'all have a winning culture. The, wait, lemme finish. The Detroit Lions ain't used to have a winning culture. What do they have now? When have y'all, okay, tell me the time that the Bengals have traded up. They haven't, but we're trying to change the culture to a winning culture. But you Say y'all had a winning culture. I'm trying to figure out when y'all won. I didn't, I didn't say that. Okay. I said we want to have, so we have to make the necessary changes to do so.


And if trading up and doing something, we have something we've never done before, is going to help us get to that point. Maybe we can trade up and get Travis Hunter to help bolster that defense. I Want to have dreads. How long you think I need to want to have them things? Well, well you actually, if you want dreads, you could just order the goddamn little cap thing on Life. No, I want to dread, I want to grow 'em, I want to grow 'em at my own school. That's gonna, that's gonna take about a year and a half before they lock up. I should lock you up for saying that I should call the cops right now. Hey, hey. Ain't no locks growing on my head no year and a half. Ain't no at this, at this stage of my life, it's over.


This is what I got. That's what I got. Yeah. Oh. Huh? Your, you grow, your hair can't grow. I be, it's gonna grow like this. I be ain't gonna grow no dreads. I can't grow no locks. You Can grow some locks. We just talking about if your hair can grow in general, you can let it grow enough to where you can twist it and then it'll lock up On its own. Don't your hair start to itch? Like, if I grow a couple of days without shave it, my face start it Don't your hair. Oh, all You gotta do is wash. You gotta, you gotta wash you. You sell some blue or head and shoulders. No, That's what I use on my hair. 49 ERs beat the Bears. 38 13 to spoil Thomas Brown coaching debut, Brock Purdy delivered his third 300 yard passing game of the season with two tds to Jujuan Jennings.


Isaac Garo gained 128 yards from scrimmage and scored two touchdowns. Well, George Kittle had six catches for 151 yards that helped deliver the highest scoring game of the season for the 49 ERs. The defense did the rest of strong pressure and a four man line led Caleb Williams getting sacked seven times. The bears were looking for an emotional boost for the first seat, for the first in season firing of head coach and franchise history after letting go. Matt Ebra flu instead, they came up on the short end and one of the most lopsided first half in recent memories, the Chicago Bears OCHO were outgained in the first half, 319 yards to four for the ninth largest discrepancy since 1991.


Damn. Well who I wanna know if that's the night who had won. Right? What does somebody have? 500 and they had minus 10 managed only one first down and they trailed 24 to nothing at the break. Shannon has said he only wants to coach in one place. And that's debate. Hmm. You know what's funny? When you think about the 49 ERs, I know they played the Chicago Bears. Yes. Bears have been up and down. Caleb Williams has been up and down. But I always said famous, famous coach, legendary coach by the name of Bill Belichick said Real football doesn't start until after Thanksgiving.


And every time after Thanksgiving, when it matters most, when the team is supposed to go on a run and they have momentum and they catch that rhythm and the chemistry of that team, and they just play well, and they make it to the playoffs. And for some reason, every time they get to the playoffs, they have a nice Super Bowl run. I wouldn't be surprised if the 49 ERs shock everybody and find a way to make their way back to goddamn New Orleans. Now, I could be wrong. I could be wrong. I'm I'm just saying this, this happens every year. Oh, you, they got so many guys. I mean, you think about your top two running backs out. You got your, one of your top receivers out. You got Botha out. Yeah. You, oh man, you just got so many.


I mean, you got, so look, I look you, you, you playing a team? I'm just being, I'm being, I'm just being optimistic. My bad, my bad, my bad. I mean, look, now had they did this to the Eagles, had they did this to the Lions, okay, we onto something. That's a good conversation, right? Oh, coach didn't beat the bear, my bad. They just fired their coach for the first time and the last time a coach left in the middle of season, he had to go to World War ii. So, so I don't even know if we count that, but I'm just saying Right, but the port, the for look, they look good. And that's what Ocho that's what I'm supposed to do. I'm supposed to look good against a bad team. Okay. End up.


Should I look good against a bad team? Why am I struggling against a bad team? I shouldn't. I shouldn't. So, got it. They did what they were supposed to do. That's what you're supposed to do. You jump out on the team, you don't give them hope. I don't know. But if you go back and look at you look at the second half, they get the ball, they go right back. They go right down the field and score. I'm trying to figure out why the Bears do this. Because if we look at the game against Detroit Ocho, they bull jive the entire first half and then come out the second half and they go boom, boom, boom, boom, boom right down. Why y'all can't do that the first half? Like it ain't nothing. What am I missing? The play calling the play, calling the play. The play calling is, is different. You know, the offensive coordinator, he gets settled in, he gets a little bit more comfortable with, with some of the plays.


He catches the rhythm and the, and the, and then the floor of the game Momentum is probably on the offensive side. And for some reason, everything you call just happens to work. They gotta do something better than this though. Ocho? Yeah, ma'am. Mm mm Caleb man, he Rookie now Ocho Yeah, I know, I know. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about them hits all. Yeah, I about them sacks. 7, 9, 5. Yeah, man, that thing add up, won't Joe. Yeah, they do, they do.


Char runs for a career high, 134 yards and two touchdown as the NFC leading. NFC West leading Seahawks beat the Cardinals. 30 18, excuse me, Gino Smith is now a perfect five and oh against Kyle Murray Ocho. What'd you, what'd you like about this game? Man? That's one, that's one of the few games I didn't even see, you know why I wasn't able to see that one on? Why? Because I was on a plane. I saw it and that Was the only game. That was the only game I wasn't able to see. I didn't see there. I saw all the rest of 'em, but I was on the plane. The, they look good. Seattle looked good. Yeah, K nine was out Char no.


Came in there and ran ball extremely well. Obviously they got, you know, got guys that can make plays outside dk Oh yeah. Jackson en Jba, locket and Jig was turned himself into a very, a very, very, very good receiver. He's catching everything thrown his way. He's making play after play after play. Would I be surprised if he made the Pro Bowl? No, I would not. But he, he, he played well today. Gino played well, Gino 24, 33 33, 1 touchdown. No interception. It wasn't Sack. They ran the ball 31 times for a hundred seventy, seventy six yards in jig B five for 82 on five targets had seven catches on seven targets.


DK had four catches on six targets. But they did a great job on, on Kyle. They picked him twice. They sacked him, they flustered him. They, they, they limited the damage that McBride, he had seven catches, 70 yards. But they did a great job of limiting the big plays that he could make that he had Marvin Harrison, Jr. Nothing to speak about four for 49 0 touchdowns had a long of 15 or eight targets. But Gino is playing really well. He's playing really well. I think they're gonna win that division. Yeah, of course they are. Of course they are. And the reason they, they're going to win the division is because of the quarterback play.


And Chad, this is what y'all, y'all need to understand situation and where you go and where you end up is very important. Very, very important. I need y'all to do, Chad, I I got, I got a homework assignment for you. I know most of y'all are probably outta school right now. I want you to look up where Gino Smith is from and that will give you a better understanding of why the Seahawks are having success. So look that up and Google it. And they're right where you from in the chat. Ooh. Okay. That's your homework for the night. And the Seahawks are going, going to continue to surprise a lot of people. You know, they got and they're going to have success because of the quarterback play. They got A tough schedule. OI Know it, I know it's tough.


I know it's tough the Packers, but you know, well, you know who gonna overcome a tough schedule? The quarterback, They get the Packers next Sunday. Yeah. And then they get the Vikings the following Sunday. They go on the road the day after Christmas to the bear up to Bears, and then they're on the road in January to the, at the Rams. Yeah. We know the Packers are legit. We know, we know Minnesota's legit. Yeah. Boy. And the Rams play. And the Rams. This game might determine whether or not they can sneak a wild card Bears Matter of fact.


So that's the next three games, right? The Packers next Sunday, the following Sunday, Minnesota, the, the Thursday after Christmas, that Thursday night game be Seattle at the Bears. And then January 5th they play the Rams. Matter of fact, I'm gonna tell you like this, I'm gonna tell you like this matter of fact, because Gino Smith going 4.0 against up the next four games. How about that? Gino Smith, Miramar Legend d County legend is going 4.0 in the next four games. Anybody in the chat? One of bet. Let me know you Ain't sitting that, you sitting that man in Jersey.


Four Four. Oh, the next four Game. You said that man in Jersey yet. Who? The man that bitch you, that jersey that, that y'all was gonna lose. Hey, I don't got, I don't got supposed to get address from me. You Get a Hey bro, Ash that she can, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well I got you. Cool. I got you. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey Ash. Hey Ash. Tell hey Unc, tell Ash, hit your niece, hit your niece and tell her it's some, it's some signed jerseys over in there. And to ship that out for me. No, go pick it up. Oh, nah, that not that It not that ain't happening.


Game on because e


espn plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and Nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the Blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel Core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance in game without Compromise Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in Up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on Up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Juan Soto is now a New York Met ocho. Hey wait. Juan Soto went to, went to the mess. He just agreed to the largest deal. He didn't even in prof in North American professional sports. 15 years. How much he get? $765 million. Yeah, he'd even call, he didn't even text me. Robert Kraft bought the New England Patriots for hundred 72 million. Jerry Jones bought the Dallas Cowboys for 125 million. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 765 million. Yeah. Hey, who where he left handed?


Oh yeah. It's reported that the Yankees had 16 years for seven 60. Right. I'm sure there's some other teams, obviously you, you hear about Toronto being involved. Maybe the Dodge right. Man, if the Dodgers, I don't know Dodgers, what, what did Dodgers get this money from? What you, You know Mexico right there? What you mean? Where they getting the money from? You want me to tell you how? I ain't gonna tell you. I ain't gonna, I ain't listen, I ain't gonna put they business out there, but I can tell you how they getting the money. Damn. Shit, I, I Can tell you, you had this man at 700 plus million. You got sho head 700 million.


You got Mookie Benson like 365. You got Brady Freeman. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, well, hey boy, 7 65, that's good money. Like that ain't the type of money like for somebody, somebody like me, I don't need that kind of money. You know? 'cause the way, the way I spend it, just what I'm gonna do with it, I ain't gonna do no, it's just, it is just gonna be sitting there. I'm gonna be a rich, I'm a rich dude with seven 65 million wearing h and m and drinking Starbucks and smoke. I'd rather have that kind of money, wear h and m and not have that kind of money. Wear h and m You can wear h and m with 7 65 just like you wear h and m without it. Right. Right, right. You right, you're right.


That just, that just too much. You know, that's just too much for somebody like me. No, that put, that'll put too much pressure on me. They ain't put no Pressure on. I want that kind of pressure. People, people gonna be begging. I'm gonna be like, I ain't got it. Yeah, that's okay. People, people begging now. Yeah. They they, they do. They do. They do. They do. You know. No, but they listen, they got, they gotta go. They gotta go. They gotta go through you. You know who? You, you can't, you can't even get to me. Oh, real handle that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Hey that boy, listen, come come to who you need. What, how much shit. But you know, so and so, so and so handle the finances man and stuff like that.


So you might wanna, you know, we, we'll see what we can do. 'cause we have a, a monthly program that we stick to, a monthly budget that we stick to. We don't go over now. Whatever rolls over into the next month now. We'll see if we can help, we can help you with that outta that. You know, we, you know, I mean, I, yeah, I run, I run a tight ship, bro. I got 50 11 goddamn kids, man. I can't just be handing out money like that. No. Yeah. Shit. Big in Big O, dude. Hey, you think Juan Soto better than me? Yeah, I think every baseball player in the major league. Triple A, double a single A better than you. That's just me.


You know what? Well, you know, your opinion is wrong because I was a five tool in high school. I just chose to play football. Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, he had a crowbar. He had a monkey wrench. He had a pipe wrench, a screwdriver. Those were the tools that he had. He spoke. Oh, Oh, oh no, he Almost was a man When I was unc, my senior and junior year. I, I was slugging 4 0 2 mm 4 0 2. Listen, I hit, that's not Good. Yeah, that's not good. Slugging 4 0 2 is not good. Yes it is. I hit four. I hit wait, I hit six two home runs my senior year. What you talking about ain't good? Slugging 4 0 2 ain't good. You wanna say OPS?


My slugging percentage was 4 0 2. Okay. Point four oh two. Whatcha talking about? That's really not good, don't you, but okay. Cp See, college football playoffs are set. Oregon gets number one overall seed. They get a buy the bulldogs with their win. They get number two seed, get a buy the Boise State Cowboy, bro, excuse me, Broncos the number three seed. They get a buy. And the number four Arizona State get a buy. Now the number 12 seed Clemson takes on number five. Texas number 11 SMU goes to Penn State. Number 10, iu, which is Indiana is at South Bend, Notre Dame, number nine, the ball of Tennessee will be at number eight, Ohio State.


So what we thought was gonna happen, the committee pulled a fast one on and says, no, Alabama, you're not going this year. So the inaugural 12 team college football playoff, Oregon, Georgia, Boise State, Clemson, Texas, SMU, Penn State, iu, Notre Dame, Tennessee, Ohio State. So with that being said, three teams from the SEC, three teams, from no four teams. Four teams from the Big 10 because you got Oregon, you got Penn State, you got iu, and you got Ohio State.


Hmm. Now you see what Notre Dame say. We ain't part no conference. We gonna get all that money. Right. All the money come to us. So we'll be in a conference in basketball, baseball. But football, we independent. So any surprises, Ocho from what I can tell, what I can tell Ocho before you go, before I what I can tell, it seems like the home teams are all favored pretty substantially. Yeah. I mean they, they, they're no surprises. We won't know what's the surprise until the games actually happen and they play because there ain't no telling what's going to happen when these teams play each other again, I've said it before, we talked about it Saturday after Saturday.


There has been no team that has been dominant year in, I mean, weekend and week out. There hasn't been any team. No. They've all shown weaknesses. They've all shown signs that they can be beat. Some of them gotten, have gotten lucky with certain calls and just, you just don't know. So I think it's the toss up between all the games that are being played. And I'm excited to see what happens and what's, yeah. This is, this is The team that makes the fewest mistakes in these games where the level of competition is pretty much even that's who wins the game. So the teams that advance to the championship will have to play one extra game. Yeah.


I mean, for the amount of money is in what's at stake. At stake. I'm sure that won't be a problem. These kids are young enough and I don't think they, I don't think the game start, wouldn't they start the 20th? I think that's when the first game start. So right there you have it, Oregon, Georgia, Georgia, boys State, Arizona State, Clemson, Texas, SMU, Penn State, Indiana, Notre Dame, Tennessee, Ohio State. That is your college football playoffs. Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Green, a green a I really wish Nightcap would've had a special segment earlier.


Reacted to the college football playoffs. You have, well, green, I'm sorry bro, but this is kinda like football Sunday. This is NFL Sunday. Had they had that out yesterday, we could have give, you know, could have helped you out, bro. Sorry that we didn't spend a as large a time, but normally the NFL dominate dominate the Sunday show. We do try to get some college in there when it's, you know, occasionally we'll have Coach Prime on or we'll react to something Colorado or something worthy of being reacted to earlier. But the NFL was really good today. We had some really great games and we're starting to shape out to see now the protect the contenders and the pretenders are starting to, one is starting to rise and the other starting to fall off.


So sorry about that, but, we'll, I'm sure we'll have, we're gonna have plenty of time to talk about, talk about the college football playoffs and the teams over the next, the next month. Jada, ak Go ahead. Hey, Juan Soto got a Twitter. I don't know. Hey, hey, chat. Juan Soto got Twitter. Which group of rough receivers you think are Mortality? Baldwin Curse and Tate or Pickens Williams. Austin Jefferson Fryman, I think Locket. Metcalf.


Nah, Doug Balding and Curse and Tate. They were really special man. They was tremendous after the catch as far as talent. Maybe, maybe with Pickens, but I think DK is just as talented. His Pickens Completely different skill sets. Very, but I, yeah, completely different. But I, I understand what you mean. That group he had with Bald and Curse and Tate, they were really, really good because think about it. They made, they a, they made back to back football appearances.


And the thing was, they're underrated because here's the thing, they don't have no big names. There wasn't nobody going to the Pro Bowl, I don't think, I don't think any of those guys went to the Pro Bowl. I could be wrong. Now you can correct me if I'm wrong, but they just made plays. That's all golden tag when he got the ball in his hands. Oh, you got hell getting him on the ground. Yeah. A a Doug Baldwin had the Mt. Footwork and a route running man. Yep. He was sweet. He was sweet with it. Boy Ts car, Washington d sales service says is Russell Wilson an MVP talk? No. Hey, what?


Yeah, he's in the MVP talk. He's in the MVP talk for the Steelers. Yep. Team. MV vp. Yeah, he, he, what he's done this year. You got, you got Josh Allen, you got Saquon, you got Lamar and you got Jerry Goff right now for me, I think it's a two man race. I think it's Barclay and Josh Allen. That's just me. What do you think? Ojo? Yeah, You you about right. You about right. I mean, I mean depending on, or la I'm sure Lamar Jackson's probably gonna come on in these last few games. I'm sure Derrick Henry's probably gonna come on in these last few games and change the complexity and the dynamic of this title race.


But, but hey, Josh Allen is playing well. He played extremely well. SA was playing well as well. But the chance of that, it's, I think it's too many quarterbacks that can end the season on a high note where Sequan won't be able to get it. Sequan has to be lights out the next four weeks. I'm talking about lights out the next four weeks. Josh Allen has 23 touchdowns, five interceptions. But hell, he probably has another 10, 12 touchdowns rushing, don't you? That's the thing. Yeah. That's what, you know. Look, you got, you got, Lamar has like 29, 28, 29 touchdowns and I think he has five interceptions or three interceptions.


But when you factor in Josh Allen rush touchdowns, Right? I mean he might have, by the time the season's over ocho, he legitimately might have 50 total touchdowns. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Last year, I mean, Ocho last year he had 18 interceptions. He's got five. The year before that he had 14. The year before that he had 15. The year before that he had 10. I mean, the fewest interceptions, he only had one season in which he's had single digit interceptions. Everything else has been double digit. He's cut the interceptions in half.


And guess what numbers are taken off? Hey, salute Arthur Smith, salute Arthur Smith. I'm trying to see. And he, and he is only been sacked 13 times. You could, you could, you, you could, you could live, you could live with that. He's playing really, really well. Gene Michael said, Hey Uncle Ocho, can you guys gimme your top five receivers in order in the game today? Order? Man, we, we need to think about that bro. Right now you have to say Chase Jefferson.


Hey, he don't get, Hey, people want discount him. I like pka. Na, I don't put at my top. I'll put pka at my damn top. Damn. Put I and Raw Tyre. No. Or is it because he is having a down season? Yeah, he been, he been, he kind of been nicked this year. Well, I think what hurt him is that two been out two, two been hurt. But I, you know what, just because he's still Tyreek, I put him in there. Yeah, Who you got? That's tough. I mean, listen, my one a, my one a one B is, is chasing Jefferson, god damn, aj, aj Brown, Tyreek, cd, lamb.


Now there there's some other players that, that, you know, are on the fringe that belong in that conversation as well. Yeah. Saint Ama Ross. Yeah. Who else, who else am I missing? I think Pickens Pickens is in that tier one. Yeah. Yeah. Pickens, he coming, he coming. He's he coming. He's definitely coming. Yeah, He's one as well. Let's see. NFC, let's go. NFC South Mike. Kevin's been hurt this year, but we can't, you've been out a lot, Man. Listen, he he's missed a consistent man.


Yeah. Well you know what? Tcho, with the exception of, with the exception of Chase and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and Jeff, it's been a quiet y of receivers, man. They're the only two that's consistently week in and week out. Now they had the Jetta had that streak where the defense said, we ain't giving you nothing. We gonna double, we gonna triple you. We gonna let Hawkinson, we gonna let Addison, we gonna let everybody else, we gonna double your ass. We, we gonna stop you No matter what. Yeah. But other than that, it's gotta been a down year except for those two guys. Yeah. That, that was a good Question.


Cupcake. Mommy. Hi guys, just wanna let you guys know you're appreciated. I think y'all realize how much you helped those in dark, dark spaces. You are actually helping me cope with my divorce after 22 years of marriage. Whoa. Ah, cupcake. We're sorry. Cupcake. We're sorry. Being together with that. I, I could just imagine being toge, being to being with someone for that length of time and then having it end. It's tough. Tough. But you know what? We thank you for your support. We want you to know that we're thinking about you. We're praying for you.


Sunshine follows rain, but just hang in there. Just put one foot in front of the other. Wake up with a positive attitude. Yeah. With your head high too. Yeah. Yeah. Put your chin up. Yeah. Put your, to me your head down. You can't see where you're going now. What shit, You are not what happens to you. You are how you are, what you do after it happens to you. Mm. Don't let that define you. You are not defined by divorce. We're not defined by what happens to us. We define by how we overcome what happens to us. So the Nightcap family, all of those that are listening, that are watching y'all say a prayer cupcake, mama.


We are not defined by what happened to us. We're defined by how we overcome what happens to us. Matthew Young. Matthew Young says, Ocho, your teeth are blinding, bro. Hey, you know, you know Debbie Bell said, O yo I don't know why these athletes are playing any sport other than baseball. Now I'm wondering if you going to see someone sign for a billion dollars eventually. Yeah, for sure. You, you also have to understand the, the small percentage of people that reach that level of Bryce, Harper, Soto, Soto.


You know, you know how many Aaron Judge? Yes. Everybody. Boy, it's hard. What? Yeah, baseball is hard to achieve because, I mean, back in back because at least you, I think you got 29 players on the baseball team. You got 53 on the NFL roster. Yeah. So you got, damn, so you got double. So you got damn to double in a, on a baseball NFL roster as a baseball plus baseball, you got to play and start playing at such an early age football. We see guys, excuse me, start playing in high school. They can make it to the NFL. You ain't finna start playing no damn baseball in high school and make it to the majors that it ain't happening. Nah. You better learn from the age of five or six years old to pick that damn ball up outta that man's hand and not be afraid of that curve ball


Game on. Because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers in Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studios, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone Up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only at Lenovo dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice. Up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing up ISS easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you, you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on Up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and maybe used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Yeah, I might, I might be the only one could do that. Man. I sit right now, you know go play for I go play for the Marlins right now. As a dh. As a dh. And my bating average would probably be 3 30, 3 20. No, you not finna hit a ball. Ooh, I well I could hit, I could hit 90. Ask the Cuban miss about me. You not hitting no baseball. Oh, I ain't talking about, I'm not talking about no what you call, I'm talking about in the battles box. You ain't getting no hit on no major league pitch. Hit up. What? What? No, I offense. If y'all acting up on the sideline after a play, not going your way due to a bad throw. Howard Carson Palmer mad please.


Howard, Carson Palmer and John El would deal with it. Shit. Curse, cursing, curse me out. Carson. Don't boy Carson get Carson. Carson got a little, I already know what's gonna happen. You ain't gonna get no more ball. Yeah, Carson went the USC man. He ain't play that shit. Y'all do that when you do that with rookie quarterbacks. Man, you not Finn to show up. Y'all notice y'all notice ain't nobody do that with Tom. Y'all notice ain't nobody do that with Drew. Ain't nobody do that with Manning. Ain't nobody do that with Elway and Montana and Marino. Y'all notice that? Yeah Man.


Please play that. How many ball, how many balls you thought you gonna get the rest of the day? How many balls you thought you gonna get the, and then they gonna have that conversation with you. Maybe not that night, but that next week before you go out to practice. Oh they gonna have a conversation. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Coach, he gonna talk to you first though. Try to break it down so you know. I know he gonna talk to you and then want you, Hey go ahead and get you prepared. That conversation's gonna happen. You know, Hey Selma want talk to you, blah, blah blah and throw, because you know, hey he, you know he going be on one 'cause you tried to show him up. You made him look bad in front of 80,000. Yeah. And then people talking about that and they're asking him questions. Did you see 84 tho his helmet?


Did you see 84 slam his helmet? Did you see 84? Si. Now he's gotta answer questions about stuff that he don't really wanna talk about right now. I'm gonna be, you know, come at me sideways. I'm gonna be on one two. So now it's gonna be a situation where you got two big dogs in there and a pissing contest. Well I'm skunk, you'll never get in a pissing contest with a skunk. Right. Because you gonna lose. Right. So what I would do just a, he explained that to me early on. I respected that. Hey I've never, you run the wrong route. You drop something, I'm never gonna show you up. All I expect is the same courtesy bro. We good. Right, We good.


I'm gonna give you that. And then when other guys that didn't know anything, but you know we get guys that just come there and they don't really know how seven is. I pull up to, bro, what the hell you doing man? I was like, but okay. And tell you probably wouldn't have called the 54. Take any damn way, man. Get your ass over on the sideline. Shut up please. You must be don't want any more balls. Right. Ever, ever bad, please. Nah. There wasn't no acting up with no with no veteran quarterback. Not veteran quarterback. I ain't talking about, like I said, every veteran quarterback is different, but I'm talking about those, you know elite.


Yeah. They don't play that boy Ja k Taylor said, oh Joe, you once said the Pro Bowl should do veterans versus Pro Bowl players in flag football. Who would you wanna be on your seven on 17? Seven players? UNC can't play ruined hips. Yeah, he can coach though. Yeah. I ain't want no part of that. I got, I got a, I got a bunch of dogs that'll come play with me like me, Chris Johnson. Tio going play. I got champ, champ going play. You Talk to Tampa ideas? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He good. He good. He good. He gon, he gonna play Charles Woodson. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get Ram, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get Randy. You know, I'm praying for playing, praying for you Randy.


We gonna get Randy. He gonna be all right. Man. I, I, I got so many, I got so many dogs. We were embarrassed. Today's current players and we played Seven Flag. We talking about Flag now. We played Flag, you know, a little fun. Just having fun. I think that would be a tremendous, tremendous turnout. And a lot of people would love to see that. The old school versus the new school. You know, we not trying to be serious. I mean, just the fact that having, having every everything integrated from the old to the new Man, y'all not gonna be able to move O Cho. Yeah, we, first of all, Woody ain't running like that. A champ definitely ain't running like that. And y'all gonna be, first of all, and then y'all gonna be full sore for three months after y'all play.


So I got the new guys, They gonna lose. I would take the guys, I'm would take the guys that have been playing football. Hey, we, we got Vick at quarterback. We need three quarterbacks. We had, let's say we get Michael Vick, we go get Carson. Who, who else out there? That's not too far. Brady. Who? Brady. Tommy. Yeah. Man. We a mop. We a mop. We a mop. Today's yeah, we are a mop boy. Tony Mg said yo uncle. I picked up an extra shift tomorrow night because I'd rather be at work than watch the Cowboys and Bingos play on the same field at the same time. Damn. Damn.


I don't know why. I don't know why he say that. Put up that, that man say he would rather work. We going put up 40 tomorrow. The Bengals putting up 40 tomorrow. Oh Lord. I bet, I bet you that. But what Chase, Mike Chase might go for 300. Dig. Say he shutting all that off. Dig, dig, dig. Solid. Dig solid. Yeah. Yeah. Bengal's putting up 40 though. Well, don't give up 43. Raphael Lipi guys, why we no longer see running like Jerome betters who started to get after to get going after hits, you see coming out the Powell Dragon?


I mean look, The game has changed. The game. Game changed. Yeah. I mean there's only a handful of guys. I mean, Derrick Henry is the really, the only really power back that I mean. No, because first of all, they don't Oh Joe, they don't wanna pay the running back as it is and then they gonna say, oh, you already got too many hits on you. Hell nah, I don't blame the running backs. I'm running outta bounds. I'm dodging. Hell you don't already because the way they evaluated a a running back Ocho, his highest value is when he first gets, he first gets to the league because I got him at 21, 22, 23. Now how many times I'm gonna probably give him the ball somewhere around two 20 to 2 75.


Right. So by that mathematics in four years, I've already put a thousand carriers on his body. Mm. I don't blame him unless it's on the gold line. Or, or, or, or, or, or I Either the first down third and one fourth and one that ain't running over nobody. I'm trying to dodge everybody. It's like I'm treated like I'm trying to cross the street. I'm showing I'm dodging cars. I'm just, I'm dodging players. I ain't trying to run over nobody because I already see what y'all do. Y'all have already devalued the position. And so what y'all tell me if I get a couple of hits on me, oh you know he, he got too many hits on his body. Ocho now at 26 y'all got guys talking about they just think about starting to retire.


What? Damn. No. Absolutely not. Patterson Yassy, shout out, took my shot and made it. She said yes. I'm shocked. I feel like Luca hitting a step back game winner. Any first date advice dudes don't, not a home run up, but I'll take a base. Hit that. What You need that What you need? I'm a probably I hip for average. Yeah, I hip for average. There you go. Hey, I steal a bass It Slow. Take a slow look. Hey, hey bro, look here. OCHO said you gotta manage your expectations. Oh yeah.


She said yes. You know, just be you. Yeah if you are. If you a funny guy, be funny. If you a serious guy, be serious. If your combination of both people, Hey at the end of the day I got you gotta be who you are bro. You show up, don't send your representative. Yeah. What You got for about Joe? Shoot. Hey listen, be yourself. Yeah. Be yourself. Don't try to be nothing other than that and don't let us see your representative. 'cause you gonna have to steer. You gonna have to stay in character. Ain't no motherfucking cameras rolling and you ain't getting paid for that. That was a good one. I gotta write that down.


Wait a minute. Gotta write that. That was a good One. Rahe Cunningham. Goodnight. UNC and Ocho. Big fan and supporter. Yesterday was my birthday. December 8th. 'cause you wish him a happy birthday. And do you have any advice for a 22-year-old and Ocho, can you send your boy signed jersey for his birthday? Raheem Happy God dang. Raheem, you asking an awful lot. But happy birthday 22. Happy birthday. I don't know what you did. Hopefully you had fun. Hopefully you enjoyed it. Probably went out with your gal and your boys had a good time celebrating life. Just another day. You just happened to be born on that day 22 years ago. But approach every day like it's your birthday bro. 'cause you got up, you got an opportunity to wake up, open your eyes, put your feet on the floor and the blood was still warning because remember now there are a lot of people got an appointment called they couldn't reschedule.


So always be thankful for that. Always Ke Norwood Jr. Said my question is, what are your top four Adam Sand movies? What's that? Bobby Boucher. What was the name? Bobby Boucher movie. Water Boy. Water Boy. Water Boy. And the one that he adopted, the kid, he teaches the kid All the bad things. What was that one? What was that movie? Adam Sand. Stepdad. Stepdad. Stepdad. Stepdad. Oh, I'm trying to think what else.


Yeah, I number one definitely for me is waterboard number two is is stepdad man. I have, I, I got a Google Adam Salmon movie man. I what is it Daddy? Big daddy. Big daddy. Big daddy. Big daddy. Big daddy. I know it was something daddy. Hell yeah he was Daddy. Hold up. I like the movie Hustle.


Hold up. Yeah, that's it. Hold up. No, I was gonna say, was he in that movie? No, grownups. That was a, that was a good one. And 51st dates. That's all I got for you. Kera Supreme cast. Unc ocho Love the Scream tonight. Could not stop laughing at question ocho. We miss re on the screen. Can we can, can we the Chad see her before the end of the year? Yeah, Google Man.


Don't do that. Don't do that Don Joe. Don't do real like that Now that, that, that, that. That's my dog. That's my dog. That's my dog. Well I think you ought bring her back on there and kiss her right on front of everybody. So everybody to this seat Uhuh That, that's all we going. We know we, Y'all working through some things. That's what happens. People go through stuff. You gotta work your way through it. It's not gonna always be Ocho you not gonna always be able to score 50 points. There gonna be some times that you fall behind and you gotta figure this thing out sometimes.


You know what I Want figure out, you know what I wanna figure out what I wanna figure out what I'm finna, when I'm, when I'm, when I'm fighting Keith Lee, That's what I wanna figure out. I need you to call his people, figure out a date so I can start, so I can get in camp. That's what, that's what y'all need. That's what y'all need to figure out because I'm telling you. Keith Lee, Bruce Lee, Stan Lee, Lee, Harvey, Oswald nigga, Sarah Lee, Lee come, Lee, Kim Jung Lee, every, all fucking Lees. Get their ass. Whoop. Oh Lord. Half birthday. Oh, you let the man come on Ocho. Listen. He but he, he, he said my name, I ain't bring his name up.


You said you won to fight. You gotta stand on that. You gotta stand on that. And we talk about boxing. I don't do no goddamn MMAI use my feet for driving. You should be able to take him Ocho. He ain't but like 175. Now listen, I listen now, I'm now, I'm 2 0 5 now, so I gotta lose all this damn muscle. Nah, hey, he say he'll, he say he'll take you at MMA at 1 75. You can be whatever way you Want. Nah, I, I I'm, I box. I box. I've been boxing, I've been boxing the past five years now you hear me and the disrespect, I'm thinking about it to myself. I'm like, well, hold on. Now, the last five years I've been training with the Charlo twins.


I've been, I've been training with drawing boots. Enni and, and Caleb Plan and Shakur Stevens. I've been with these boys the past five years and I'm thinking about, well god damn, I'm in there with them. You know, we getting good work and now I have you come and talk about you wanna fight me. And I'm thinking about all the stuff I've learned. I ring iq, I'm a, my movement and my, my ability to, to to manage my distance and understand the range and, and, and with attack and with not to. I'm like, man, you really wanna do that with the, with as with as athletic as I still am and as quick as I, man, man, man, I'm finna beat your ass, man. You talking about man, they, they, I just don't be talking man. I really do this man. I take your word.


Word it so I'm Written. Yeah. And I listen for one. I ain't Finn, I ain't Finn embarrassed. The people that train me, I ain't Finn embarrassed. Zy, INNI. You know, you know we done put in five years worth of work. We think I'm finna what you critique fool? Do you think you finna whoop me, man, shit, nigga, please, Please make sure y'all guys hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. You know why? Because that helps us grow even more. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp. He Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. That's me, that's me.


That's me. Please go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from and remember every subscriber counts. We thank you from the bottom of our hearts, OCHO and I and everybody here at Nightcap, thank you for your support and your continued support. To our viewing and listening audience, go check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays are upon us and we wanna make sure you have a joyous holiday. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter? If you cannot find it, any city or state near you, guess what? If you order, we'll ship it right to you and you'll have it to start your holiday off. Right? One more thing, please trade responsibly. Please go check out my media company on all of its platforms.


That's she Shea Media and my clothing company with our newest release shirts and sweats and even some stocking stuffers, which are Beanie Cool and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please get yours while supplies last. Presale tickets for our Super Bowl show in New Orleans. Our first tour stop are on sale now you can find the link on all our social pages. The artist presale, code N as in Nancy, S as in Sam, F as in Frank, W as in Walter, NSFW, N as in Nancy, S as in Sam, F as in Frank, and W as in Walter. Tickets going to sell tomorrow, Monday, December night at 10:00 AM Central.


No Ash. I'm not gonna let you live. Why You just didn't do it at Easter time. The chiefs haven't run out of lives just yet. They win on the last second field goal that doned off the upright and went in 1917 as they clinch their ninth consecutive a FC West title. The Rams beat the bills. Josh Allen played extremely well, but Matthew Staffer was Up to the task as well. 44 to 42 score. Vikings demolished the Falcons. 42 to 21. Sam Donna threw three five touchdowns, three to Jordan Addison who went over a hundred yards.


Two to Justin Jefferson went over a hundred yards. Cut. Cut. Kirk Cousins continued his band streak in his last four games. Zero touchdowns, eight interceptions. Saquon Barkley ran for over a hundred yards and he broke the single season rushing record for the Philadelphia Eagles. He now has 1,623 yards as they hold on and defeat the Carolina Panthers by the score of 22 to 16. Russell Wilson threw two passes in the third quarter as they and fourth key turnovers in the fourth quarter by the Browns Jam Winston as they beat the Browns.


27 to 14 Steelers have a two game lead in the A FC North Saints block. A last second game tying field goal of the Giants as the Giants. And they flew a plane over, said Please Mr. Ma fix this dumpster fire. I don't know if he got enough tools in his shed to fix that. The Dolphins held onto a slim playoff hopes with a 32 26 overtime win. They got the ball in overtime OCHO and they never rereleased it. 10 yard touchdown pass from Tua to John Smith as they win the ball game and eliminate the jets from playoff contention. Bakker Mayfield threw three three touchdown passes as they are the number one, the NFC number one seed, the NFC South 28 13 over the Raiders.


The Raiders now with that loss have the number one pick in this. In next year's NFL draft 49 ERs demolished the Bears. 38 13 Thomas Brown ro, his coaching debut bro. Brock Purdy over 300 yards, passing two touchdowns to Juwan Jennings. Garrido also had two touchdowns and George Kettle had 151 yards receiving the NFC West Gino Smith and the Seattle Seahawks. 30 18 over the Arizona Cardinals and Juan Soto signed the biggest contract in North American sports history. 15 years, $765 million. The college football playoff is set.


Number one seed. Oregon Ducks number two seed, Georgia Bulldogs. Number three seed. Boise State Broncos. Number four, Arizona State Sun Devils first round matchups Clemson takes on. Number five, Texas number 11 SMU takes on number six, Penn State. Number 10, Indiana takes on. Number seven, Notre Dame. Number nine takes on number eight. Seed Tennessee. Number nine, Tennessee. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm UNC Heath Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night after Cowboys beat the Beos the Bengals beat. The Bengals beat the Cowboys. I Heath. We're out The Volume


This holiday season. Skip the cruise socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel Core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like that car riding in your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, all those cars doubling its kitchens and living rooms are on Auto Trader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at the same time? Well, multitasking pro cars like the ones in the gym parking lot are for sale on auto trader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay, no flying cars, but as soon as they get invented, they'll be on auto Autotrader. Just you wait Autotrader.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.