
This is an iHeart Podcast, the volume, Another day, another KD trade watch. The sons reportedly aren't committing the trading K due to one of hiss preferred landing spots. Miami, Houston, San Antonio, all no state income tax P bail. I'm gonna come to you first. Joe, lemme ask you this. Has KD earned the right to choose his landing spot, man?


Yes. Yes. That man is an all time great. He's done nothing but play hard now. Everybody, You know, chastises him about his leadership. But dude, love the hoop man. He love the game. So You know what you going to get from him. P Bev, You know what you gonna get from man? He gonna be efficient from the floor. He gonna be the, the, the easy money sniper. The game comes easy to him. Now help him out. You know, you, it ain't like, it ain't like the places he asked and they ain't got talent that you can get some guys back in return to where you can still be competitive. You'll be better than what you were last year. Hell, you didn't even make the play in last year. You trade them to San Antonio or Houston. I feel like you can, Houston, you can get some good comparable pieces to where you are still be in contention.


You can, you can at least make the playoffs. This I I IAnd is this, we've, we've seen, we've seen kd, we've seen KD at all for, I mean, since I've been in NBA, I don't know, 13, 14, 15 years, whatever. Right? We've seen him in, in in in places where when he's happy. Right? And I mean happy, like it's a great team. It's not a surface running around. He plays elite basketball, right? When he goes to places where it's the, You know, and the Brooklyn net scenario and You know, this and that. I'm not saying it wasn't elite ball, I'm just saying like, it was just a little harder. His teams were not as good. You know, like, so I Think you get Katie, you get him in that, You know, one of those teams, he's obviously, he went to University of Texas, no state taxes, You know, so people love that.


People Hell yeah. And somewhere in some, somewhere in Texas. You played in Houston too, so when you get him, you played in la I, I remember my Easter house now. Yeah, I remember my Houston house now. Yeah. So like, when you get, when you as a, as an athlete, we all know when you get to somewhere, it's a fresh start. You got a lot of young talent. You gotta, You know, you, you, you, you, you, you not beefing with a coach. Like we don't know the dynamic with him and a coach. Like you got something new, you got a coach that you believe in your game goes to another level automatically. You know? So I just think that's kind of the situation that he was in. It sounds like some things that, You know, promise, I wouldn't say promise to him, but You know, as far as how they, You know, wanna win.


And then, You know, you get the coach who Bozer, who's not, not for everybody, right? He's not for everybody. He, he does things this particular way and it works. He's won a championship, it works right? So you can't blame him. But we see that, You know, that fit. It just didn't work. It just didn't work for, for Kevin. He, Bev, if you said something very interesting, you say when there's not a circus, KD played his best basketball once he left OKC at Golden State because all he got to do is hoop. Yeah. See you go to Brooklyn, they're counting on you. They want you to lead, even though you want to just hoop, they want you to lead. You go to Phoenix now you and Devin Booker should have to lead. You see, you got Clay, you got Step, you got Draymond.


I get to be a back. Really and truly I can lead sing, but I kinda like being in the back. I kinda like doing back background vocals. Right, right. So I don't know. Because now at this point in, at this point in time now guys, everybody that gets Kevin Durant, they look at him as a hard gun. We're bringing you here to get us over the hump. That's, that's why they gonna get him. So the expectation wherever he goes is gonna be expedite. He goes to Miami. Miami's expected to be able to compete for a title. Yeah. Now it's being reported. Mark Spears says Kevin Durant was interested in joining the Knicks as well, but the Knicks were not interested in pursuing him.


Now I don't know how true that is, but Mark Spear seems to be a reputable reporter and I haven't heard anybody come by and say Mark Spears. Mark Spears doesn't know what he's talking about. All I can just go by is what's being reported. And Mark j Spear says he wanted to go to the Knicks. Now when he had, he was a free agent. The Knicks really wanted Kevin the red. Yeah. But he bypassed them and jumped over and went to Brooklyn. Now he was at OKC probably OK C say Nah, we good. So wherever he's going, the pressure is gonna be what he felt when he went to Golden State because they're like, hold on, they got stiff, they got Clay, they got Draymond, they won 73 games the year before.


They just lost a three one lead where Kevin Durant should be a breeze. And it was. Yeah. And maybe it ca became too easily, maybe Kevin Durant says, my job is done here. What do you think about that? Yeah. What do you guys think about that? I don't think Phoenix was a good team team if we're being totally honest. Right? I don't think they were a team where they got Kevin Durant and you looked at their roster and you be like this, they didn't need Bradley Deal championship. Yeah, I didn't, I don't think that was anyone's thought. I didn't think anyone thought that once Phoenix got Katie that they were gonna win a championship. I honestly thought when they lost cp they were gonna go down. That's who they should have kept since then.


Yeah. You know, so like, that's, that's my mindset. Right. And you, you obviously, you add a player like Bradley Bill, who's, You know, phenomenal talent dealing with injury. But when he plays and he's, he's healthy, he plays well you got this guy on Ball Defender, you got this guy, the three points a game, maybe five points, one game. I mean they, they just wasn't getting the best versions of the players that we are, we're accustomed to. That's all. But you played him out of position. I understand Devin, Devin Booker can play. He's not a point, he's a two. No. And there are a lot of these guys that are saying, oh, they got a position, they got PG by name. There are two guards masquerading pbe. Devin Booker is not a point.


Yeah. He played his best basketball when CP was there. That's the best basketball we seen. And he got to a championship. They should have kept, they should have kept CP three. I'm not saying you gotta pay him 25, $30 million, but I'm saying you keep him. You didn't need Bradley Bill. If you can't get enough scoring from Kevin Durant and Devin Booker that Well, I, I don't know what to tell you because in the process of getting Devin Bradley, bill, you give up all your depth. The reason these two teams that are in the finals Indiana, in, in, in in the OKC. What depth bitch. Yeah. That's how they beat all the team. Nah, I, I honestly think if they, I I, I honestly think, I'm gonna be honest, I think they phone, they dropped the ball when they got rid of Deandre a they got rid of who?


We been a Deandre a Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Him and Marni couldn't get phone. That's when they I don't, but now you see, you don't got mon or you don't got Deandre a You know, coaches, coaches are revolving. Well you ain't got, you ain't got Vogel, you ain't got blue holder, you ain't got money. You on your, you on or your your fourth coach in four years. Hey look, it's hard. It's hard Consistency and continuity when you doing it like that. Pbf. 'cause that's a whole new sister. Yeah. He, he might coach and they somebody coach another way. Yeah. And they looking for five men. Now think about that because you think, hey look, you Think you think guys are easily replaceable in this league And they not bro, they not. Look, you give up CP who was a hell of a orchestrator and You know, he would've made sure Devin Booker and Kevin Durant got they points.


Yes. So I agree with y'all. I don't, I don't think Bradley Bill was a great fit. 'cause now you trying to make sure all three of these guys get at least 15 to 20 shots a night and it just didn't add up to wins. And that's easy to guard. That's easy to guard. Okay, cool. He go shoot, he go shoot 17, he go shoot 18, he go shoot 22. All right, cool. Got it. Stop. One of them. Easy game point some in the sons organization, believe Bradley Bill will produce when KD is gone for Jake Fisher. There's a, like, there is a likewise, some hope within the sons that moving Kevin Durant could possibly present Bradley bill with a more offensive opportunity producer. A matter you expect from a player with that sort of contract, as the Stein line has previously reported, various candidates considering during the son's recent coaching search was asked how would they try to get the best out of Bradley bill if he remained a son?


Hey, he, he gonna have, well he gonna have to step up if they get rid of Kevin Durant, Brad Bill definitely, he gotta step in that role in PB. He gonna have to, they gonna need at least 22 to 25 points from him a night man in order. But I trust that coach. I trust I had that coach, I had that coach before he, they got a really good coach. Jordan OT, coach ot, he was the elite coach. And I mean elite, he's, he, he, his IQ on a, on, on a, on a offensively is is, it's so simple but, so like advanced and what he does defensively, he's one of the few coaches that can do both. I had him as a coach. Like we talk con like I have a text message right now from him. You know, happy father's Father's Day.


So like Coach Ott, he's a phenomenal coach. Don't sleep on him. Well hey look, I don't know what kind of system he gonna implement, but they need, they need Bradley Bill to be the guy who they got from the Wizards at 26, 27 a night. Now I don't, I don't know if he can average that, but he, Hey look, they, they gonna need him to be one of them top guns on a consistent basis. But he and Bradley, him and Devin Booker really the same person. I agree. They're the same people. P be they, they need a center. They need a center. They need a center. Well, you gave up all those. Think about it. You had just went to the NBA finals. You had Deandre Aton, you had Mikhail Bridges, you had book, you had cp, you had Cam Crowder, mur.


Yeah. You had a knife and you blow that all up, you get rid of aan. Not for whatever reason seemed like AAN and, and, and, and, and Monty was going back and forth, yada. I, I, I don't know, but it just seemed like they was always butting heads on the sideline looking it from the tv. I I was not, You know, just watching it from a distance. It seemed like they was always buting head. But you blow it up and you've had three coaches. You about to be on your fourth coach and for, since they last won a title. And you yeah, you get Kevin Dur Rand, look at what you gave up. You traded Mikhail Bridges, you k and draft picks. You give up draft picks to get Bradley Bill. So okay, you got three guys that can score, but they gonna be stepping over Kevin and Red Knot, but kind of Bradley be and, and, and, and and book.


They kind of stepping over each other doing the same thing. And you ain't got no doubt, you ain't got no big that it be meant well. Yeah, I think, I think it might be a chess piece too, right? It might be a chess piece too. You look at these moves that guys giving up picks. Like you get these big name guys and no, you might, you can get picks back and not if picks back, you can get younger talent and assets for 'em too, right? Like we don't know what what this Kevin Har, Kevin Durant, we don't know what kind of hall of a trait he 37 with an injury history. Is he bail what you think? I, I and You know, he wanna leave. So now you can ask for more.


You could definitely ask him Scott, because I know he wants to leave. I if I know he wants to leave. Okay. I, okay. I can ask for a whole bunch of more. Okay. Yeah, but I ain't gonna give it to you because he's 37 and he has an injury history. Is he a phenomenal talent? Absolutely. There's a reason why he was on the, the 75th anniversary team. He's one of the, he's one of the great players in NBA history. But we can't ignore the fact Pat Bell, he's 37 with an injury history. But you told us in the beginning of the show, you just said if, if this player is coming to, if this, if this player is coming to your team, is he feeling if, if is this Jar Jackson fill in love with No, we said no Kevin Durant come to your team. He is is he in the lineup that night?


Because he might be hurt. Who that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I think if you got him on a organization, he going fill, because we know every organization he's been in, he's, he's especially Brooklyn, he came to Brooklyn, he missed the whole year and half and, and missed that bubble year and half the year didn't play till the following. So we get there Phoenix, he got to Phoenix and got hurt immediately. He got Nick last year. Hey look, so I feel like, I feel like he, he getting he deal with them injuries, man. 'cause of the workload that he gotta carry, I think he gotta carry too much of a workload. Like you say, when he was with, when he was with Golden State, all he had to do was just hoop. You know, he didn't have to do a whole lot of dirty work. You know what I mean? He could he get to Brooklyn, they expect a lot outta him.


Absolutely. Offensively and offensively. And I think that puts him in a comparable situation to where he's having to deal with injuries. I didn't think they needed James Harden. I didn't either man. I just as great as the talent James is. It's just like, it's kinda like the situation in Phoenix. It's like you got overkill. Three three, you got three bonafide players. Right? And You know what James can do, You know, he can go get you 30 and and 12 on any given night. But it's like you, you got too much offensive power and it just, it didn't, it didn't add up. It didn't add up, it didn't add up the wins. And when you get, guess what you did, man, guess what you de because when you trade for James, because think about it, you got Kyrie and KD for nothing.


They were free agents. They came and you didn't have to give up no compensation, you didn't have to give up no draft capital. You didn't have to give up No players. Now you get James, you got to give up draft capital and you gotta give up players to get him. Yeah. I I, when we played against that Brooklyn Nest team, they were so talented. I ain't, and I mean that's the year James hard got hurt too. So we really didn't really get to see the full potential, how that team looked all together. Right. You know, we might've seen, You know them together for a little bit of period of time. I think Kai got hurt that year. I think James got, yeah. So we really didn't really get to see the best, the best, the best form of that.


But when I, when we played them and I think I was with the Clippers and we played them, it was nothing that we could do. Like it was, it was so much going on at like, it was, I it was, it was matchup problems over here. Match up problems on the post match up problems and pick and roll. Like it was so many matchup problems that there wasn't a lot that we could do. They just wasn't healthy, man. I bet You know what I what Look you guys followed the NB and I followed, was it always like this, like the, the, the, the the transcendent historically great players end up moving like this. Nah, think about it. KD was at OKC, golden State. Brooklyn.


Phoenix. Nah. He about to be on his 15 and two of the teams he's be traded. But the money three, so he got traded from the to Phoenix and now he's about to be traded from Phoenix to to wherever he goes. I think that the sense of like the money has obviously got, I blame the ring culture. Unbelievable. Well no, I I it's it's the money, right? It's the money and then it, it's, it, it's guys like, you gonna see a lot of guys back then using their voice. Yeah. They couldn't move. Everyone has a platform. Yeah. They didn't, they didn't have them. The empowerment, like they guy now p bail right now. So like now you can go and be like, nah man, he getting that I want this and if I can't get this, I'm gonna go to another team.


Go get it. Right. Right. And you got guys that got relationships like, Hey bro, what you do the summer? All right, cool. All right. We could do this. We could do, so like you got guys that's working behind the scenes that's like, okay cool, they go maximize and which they should. Right. And what they should. So like it's just different now. It's different times right now it, I think it's more of a flex. Right? Right. You see a, you see a, a guy play on one team his whole career. A guy like Steph Curry, right? Guy like Draymond, it's, You know, moving teams. Guys feel like, okay, I can win a championship over there. I can change the coach over there. I can win a championship over there. They, it, it's more of a flex a little bit. I agree. Hey, then when you look at Durant, man, he's such a polarizing, You know, player meaning he's always gonna have value.


You know what I mean? So it don't, it don't matter where he is at. Somebody's gonna always want him on his team because his skillset is is second to none. You know, it it, a team can always use it. You look at, for me, you look at who could use 26, 27 points a night. But look, you look at it, you look at Houston p who were the number two seed in this year's playoffs. And they were a young team. They struggled scoring the ba scoring the basketball. Especially tr you get Kevin Durant, You know, you, you don't have them problems. You know what I mean? Yeah. I I know I I'm sure they gonna get him traded. I just hope he goes to a situation to where, You know, it is, it is, it's comfortable for him and he's able to just hoop play his game and be the easy money sniper that we know he is.


And if it's Houston, I think he, Kevin look, he's Kevin Durant. The days are just hooping it over. He got that when he first got, when he first got to when he was in Seattle for that one year. And when he went to and when he went to, they went to OKC. When he go to Golden State, ain't no more just hooping because the expectation is championship. Anybody that trades for Captain Red right now, PBF and, and Joe, You know this Yeah. They expect championship because the window's closing like a fair or whatever case you want to want to use. He's a seven foot scored machine. He's efficient out of the yin yang. I mean he shot, I mean he had an off year shooting from the free throw line cups. He shot like 84, 80 5%, which is crazy.


He's normally 89 90. Yeah. But he gave it 26, 5 and six. And so he goes to Houston. You know what that means? They had the number two seed. They expect to go further if he goes to Miami. Yeah. You know what the expectations are when you go to Riley led organization. So there, there's no place he can go that he's gonna be able to rest comfortably because the expectations are going to fall. Kevin Durant I think, I think, I think he can go to, I ain't gonna, when you talk about one in a million or a billion chances of like there's only one, a couple things that he could have went to and, and, and, and they underachieve. Right. And one of 'em is Phoenix. Right.


New situation, new coach. Your coach is going, it's the first year you don't know how it looks. He could go to any other team though and definitely take that team where it needs to go and that, and we are talking about contenders, right? He can go to San Antonio right now. Unbelievable team. We, we, we'll, we'll say the team is a cheat coach. He go to the Rockets right now with the, with the pieces they have with the coach. They, what are they gonna give up? What are they gonna give up in Houston to get it? Are you Look, Ja I think Jalen Greene would be one. I think Jabari Smith Jr would be two's. I'm not giving up that. I'm not giving up, I'm not giving up Ahmond Thompson. I'm not giving him up. No, no, no, no, no. He is unto he's unto but I Think you give up the go those guys you named and you give up some 16 and 15 year olds.


Yeah, some 2000. So 29, 9 30, 31 draft picks. Right. 15 and 16 year olds. You, you, you go, you go. I mean I do like, I like, let's see, Thompson, sh Goon, KD van Fleet. Not bad. Oh, Dylan Brooks. Yeah. Not bad. Yeah. See now you got, you got you. You, you got your blue collar worker guys and you got KD who will seamlessly fit right in and and alleviate the pressure from those guys, especially in their fourth quarter. I just feel like that's, that's a great matchup. But I also like him going to San Antonio playing with Deanne Fox. Oh, Fox and women with what?


But they gonna probably have, they they'd have to give up Castle. Yeah, you probably gonna have to give up Castle. But you gotta give 'em something else too to, to make their make it work. I give a, they got, they got a hundred like you said, pat be, they got some, they got some, some 7-year-old picks in there too. They got picks all outta 2040. So for sure that's what these, that's one thing we do know these teams have, they have a lot of money and they got a lot of picks. So I tell you that we know that. Well, pat, Bev, we gonna get you outta here. Make sure you guys go follow Hey. No, no, wait, wait, wait. And You know, you speaking about 1 0 1, You know me and Joe played, You know me and Joe went, You know he went to Arkansas. I uncle I don't think You know the Joe Johnson story. I don't Think you, you, I I don't mean, I don't mean to keep y'all still going on.


No, tell me. You gotta figure out the story. The story. Okay. So, so You know I went to the University of Arkansas. I like you say alumni of were Joe Johnson. Right. And then, and then during the time I was there, I, you gotta think I'm probably like, You know, I'm, I'm, I'm freshman of the year. I'm, You know, I'm newcomer of the year. So all the accolades that I'm getting, I'm really just Joe Johnson got 'em before right. I'm the only kid on the team that has like any type of NBA stardom. So what Joe Johnson do, he come get me Unc, he take me up his queen, he, he take care of me while I'm at Arkansas. He give me place in Little Rock to stay. He give me, I'm talking about anytime he got a free time, he come up to the school that's a two hour drive.


I get into the NBA, we play Atlanta. I go right to his house all the time. Like his family is my family. Like you gotta think Joe was really like big bro. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The first dude who ever put me on, listen, listen. Oh hey I was in the league, he was in college. He'd come over to the house. He'd be, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I can't wait till I get to the league boy. Give him me one of the big s me one. Oh I got have one. These dude I got, he was like that. Hey, hey. He was geeked up the whole time. Look, we had a, we had a summer league back at the crib in Little Rock. And man, I had him come down there and play with us man. Come out there and turn, turn out the whole gym. Y'all know how he is.


All them antics picking up full court talking stuff, the whole gas. Oh yeah, this is what I need. They little pit bull right there. So yeah, bill was like, he one, he the one those was like, man, you got kids? I'm like, yeah, I got kids. He's like, okay, you gotta feed your kids. So he really, the one that, like I'm talking about, I'm with LeBron in Miami, got dinner and LeBron like, oh, everybody know you, you about to go, you about to go with your, yeah. You damn right. I'm talking my uncle I'm in, in his room just looking around like you. Yeah. I need that, that age. But You know what guys, that's the, that's the greatest motivator. Yep. To see it. Yeah. Yep. Because when like my brother went and I go, there's a three car, I see a three car garage and you hit, there's a, a Ferrari, there's a Porsche, there's a big body Mercedes and You know Central Heating.


Yeah. Boy, to see that. I see, I know somebody that actually got that. Oh I got, I gotta get that. Yeah I need that. Hey, I I'm at his mama house. I'm staying at his mama house. Oh his mama got PI gotta get my anything. So shout out to Joe Johnson. Y Joe Johnson pick part up. Appreciate that bro. Appreciate that. Pat, y'all make sure y'all go follow the Pat Bell podcast on social media and on YouTube at the Pat Bell podcast with Rome. It's on Bar Stool social media. Where are you on ig? Pat Pat be 21. You know from me Pat be Po. What? Wrong? I see you had Dave on the arm on the, yeah boy.


No. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He a good dude. He real smart. He very smart. He real, very, very, very intense ba be. Thank you man. We really appreciate you coming on tonight. We know, You know, hey, we really, really appreciate you coming on providing your expertise, breaking down this game and talking about a lot of other topics. Hey you get a free time man. Come on back. You welcome anytime. I always good to see you bro. Class man. Always good to see y'all. Alright bro, thanks long. Alright Joe, there's still a possibility that Jason Kidd could join the Knicks per Ian Bagley the door is not completely closed on the k Nicks and Jason Kidd per people familiar with the dynamic in Dallas. Other outlets reported as recently as last week.


That kid was still a possibility and remains the case as of Monday. Teams were hanging up on the Knicks during their head coach search per sha shams teams would just hang up, some would say no then hang up and other situations the prophetic was involved, You know, literally ethno responses. Hey look J Ke gonna keep the door open now what is it? Hold on. What is it? The Knicks could offer The Mavericks to what? Get Jake here. Yeah. Y'all gonna give up O og y'all gonna give up ML Bridges?


Y'all gonna give up Mitchell Robinson? I need something. They gonna have to give up. I don't know. I don't know what they, I don't know what they can give up. You know I know Dallas got that, that number one pick and from my understanding they hold on to that. Yes. You know what I mean? So I don't even know if this really a job that that that j kid really wants to be honest with you. I think he's better in the west with Anthony Davis and and Cuba flag and, and and, and Kyrie. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. You I know You know it's gonna take probably Kyrie a little while to come back, but I Think you got enough pieces over there to keep you afloat until you get back, You know, to somewhat of a hundred percent.


You know what I mean? Yeah. So I can't see, I honestly I can't see him, I can't see him taking that Nick's job unless they offer him something that's kind of hard to turn down. Yeah. I mean you gonna put him up there with what, You know, SPRA or, or, or Steve cur 17 million, 18 19 million a year. Shit. But you in New York compared to that's what I'm saying, you a that money that you get in Texas with no state income tax, man New York costs you like 10%. That's what I'm saying. So I, I don't, I don't, I don't see him, I don't see him, You know, taking this job and like I said, unless it's something that's kind of hard for him to turn down, I think he's kind of, You know, developed a, a, a nice little thing there in Dallas and I'm sure he wants to try to get the, get the Vic back to the championship winning wave.


You know what I mean? Right. With what he's got. They really got a chance. Before we go to any other topics, we gotta talk to Mr. 30 Burger ISO Joe dropped 30 points for the Detroit Amps 50 casually pulled down 10 boards and reminded look at it. Hold on. We we finna put it back up. Ooh Joe hit it with the damn ah, hey gimme that big body. Yeah. Gotta get to these spots man. Hey look, don't bam, all levels up mids posts three ball four point.


But what? Whatever you want baby. Damn Joe. You about to be a seventh or eight man in the NBA right now. Huh? Man, I, man listen they, y'all think I'll be talking, y'all think I'll just be talking man, I can get somebody about 15 off, 15 minutes. 15, 20 minutes off the bench y'all. I just give 15, 20 Joe 10. I give you one from 10 to 15. Yeah, I be fishing, I'm gonna make plays. I'm gonna play the right way. Yeah, but I'm gonna tell you something now. It's this once a week thing. This, this my type of, this is my speed though. Okay. I ain't gonna lie. That's he going neither.


I ain't gonna, Hey I ain't finna say lie to you. You hear me? This once a week thing. Hey I can do this in my sleep. Thank you Detroit Amp social media team for providing us with these cold iso Joe highlights. Make sure y'all go follow the amps on ig at Detroit Amps and you get an opportunity to see ISO Joe. Who y'all play this week, Joe? We got the 3 0 5, we got Beasley and Lance Stevenson and Mario. That gonna be a bar burner. It's going to be some smoke. Hey you see them boys game, you see that? Hey man Lance, Lance getting into it with the, with Dwight I thought Dwight was going to double it the last like man they tried, they, they tried to talk Dwight out this game ain't it?


Because Beasley stayed talking because he, he I think Dwight is so polarizing and You know, you look at him in stature, You know, he's so big and strong and to my understanding they say he was talking a lot of junk in, in Las Vegas at the combine. Okay. You know, talking about how he was gonna come in and You know, destroy the league and kill this, that and the third. So I guess some dudes took offense to it 'cause they sure ain't let him off the hook. Boy. Hey that was WWE E right there man. Basketball. We with Beasley. I'm like oh my goodness. Yeah. Yeah. Everything was borderline in that game. On that game was so long. But it was, it was borderline but the, the the competitive edge it was there. You know, I thought they competed at a real high level and you could tell man, they, it was just such a buzz throughout the whole arena, just the entire game.


Like man it was, it was, it was, it was a good game to watch. I just, I I don't, I don't really care for all the antics in Yeah. All of the fighting of getting in there because the, the league ain't for that bro. Like we on, we on national TV and we, we want it to be, You know, a great game, a great competitive game. Not necessarily guys wrestling and throwing punches and this, I'm cool with the, the trash talking and all that but when, when things get borderline and when you throwing punches and we all on the floor, man, come on now. Do you think, do you think some of the antics went over over the line?


Yeah. Yeah. I Think, You know, I think due to, You know, I think both teams kind of lost their emotions, You know, throughout the game. Meaning every time a guy scored you seen guys in each other face shit, they were down in their head button. You know what I mean? I was like hey, but what it is just two teams that was competitive and just trying to impose they will on each other. And I just felt things kind of got a little outta hand. You Think you think Lansing Dwight was serious? Yeah, I think, I think in, in, in the midst of that game in between the lines, they really had a real few with each other and you can tell everything was so physical, man like, let me tell y'all something Chad, y'all understand this man, the, the, the big three is probably the most physical basketball that I've been a part of or Yeah, like it's only, it's six guys out there so you only got two other teammates who can help you and a lot of stuff is borderline.


The rest let you get away with a lot. It's far more physical than the NBA or any other, You know, basketball league that I've ever played in. So I'll definitely give it that. 'cause I'm gonna tell you, I ain't gonna lie, I felt like I got into a fight with 10 men when I woke up on Sunday. I was like yeah, like it's it is real pissed. It's a lot of bump and grind bruising. Like it's tough bro. But it's fun at the same time. We all, I just love competing. You ain't gonna fall for Lance antics are you? Nah, nah, I'm, I'm, I'm way too too intact for that. And then plus on top of that man, when you got a lot of game you ain't, you ain't gotta deal. You gotta do all that talking. Nah. You try to cough you out your game.


Nah. Yeah. See and I think Dwight, You know what he has to understand is, You know, it, it takes a while to kind of really understand the three on three game right. But, but just like the late great Bill Russell said man this game is about buckets. You gotta be able to score the basketball right. Period. Point blank. You know we going to 50, this ain't a time restraint like it ain't 10 minutes on the clock and you try to hold a lead. The hardest part of three on three, especially in the big three is when you reach 40 points and you try to close the team out to get 50 because guys started to get a little tight. It ain't them them little comfortable shots you was taking early in making, they ain't dropping no more 'cause we done got in them legs, now you a little tired, You know what I mean? And you are able to get away with a little more as far as physicality.


Physicality and, and and kinda wrestling a little bit. So it's a lot tough than what people think because you gotta go get the 50 but you gotta win by two. Right. You gotta win by two. Wow. So let, lemme ask you a question Joe. What's the secret of dealing with a trash talker? Because I'm sure there are a lot of guys in the NBA that talk about off or he with us self-check, You know whatever the case they may or whatever the case may be. How do you deal with that? How do you compartmentalize what Joe has to do And while all this these guys are chirping on the benches like off shot or whatever chirping, how do you deal with that? You gotta go at the ass. You can't sit back and let them, you can't sit back and let them chirp or let them be the aggressive offensively man. You gotta take it to him.


You know what I mean? Just like, just like anything, you got a guy who's being aggressive man you gotta take it to him bro. This this some type of game. It's gonna be okay let's go, let's do it. Yeah. Were there a lot of trash talking in your game on Saturday? It was a lot. Yeah it was some trash talking but it was mainly just good competition. You know what I mean? It wasn't like nothing overly but You know you could see guys kind of get revved up after they score out they make a big play which is pretty typical, You know what I mean? When you just keep it moving. But in the big three is not make it take it is it? Nah, it ain't make it take it, it ain't make it take it. So You know, You know Joe, Joe, that's the way we used to play 1 0 1 Make it take it. Yeah right. Yeah. You, you ain't hey you don't even want 'em to get the ball back.


Exactly. If it was make it take it, you'd probably see a lot more lop side of games, You know what I mean? Oh absolutely. Because that's the whole thing. That's why you gotta shoot for it. Nah, give me the ball. Nah, we shot for it hey to you. Right, right. Yeah. Back in the day when we played especially one-on-ones. Hey it is make it take at 21. Yeah. I hope y'all, y'all probably ain't even touch the ball. Yeah, I I I love 21 'cause it was every man for himself and band. Yeah boy you got the 19 boy, the whole squad was gonna be on your, hey boy, you better hit a hero. You better hit one them Steph curries. 'cause you were not gonna get nothing easy. No sir. Hey look, and then You know at 21 you can't really call fouls so No when you got 18, 19 you trying to go for the winning bucket.


They be fouling everything. Oh no there ain't no foul. You ain't Exactly. Joe, do you think there was like, when you first got into the league, were there more trash talking when you first got into the league or when you was leaving it? When I first got in, see when I first got in I'm came in in oh one so that's kind of, You know, right after the nineties. So you still got a lot of those guys who, oh you got Kg, you got kg. Gary Peyton, Gary Peyton talked to the refs and he the man like, like they owed him money. You heard me talking about after some of the stuff I heard GP say to Refs, man I can't even believe he didn't get texts. Like, You know what I'm saying? It was like conversation. But I'm like wow, like anybody else, they gonna tee you up quick.


So you had some certain guys who just had that reputation and the refs knew it, they respect it. It's almost kind of like Draymond, You know Draymond get away with a lot, You know. Oh absolutely. A lot of stuff he does is borderline but he get a, he gets away with far more than what they catch him with. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, but, and I Draymond he's like, let me go and get it out. 'cause I know they don't wanna throw me out the game. Right. So they gonna be real heavy. They gonna gimme a long leash before they throw me out the game. So I'ma, I'm gonna push it right up to the, I'm gonna push it up to the limit. Right. And, and if I'm doing it every game, you ain't calling that every game. You ain't gonna call it every game. So they get him every now and then, but for the most part, You know he get away with a lot.


Boy, y'all got a Ooh, that's gonna be a good one. It is. Hey, hey, You know Beasley, You know be gonna be going at you Joe. Oh yeah, but I'm be going right back. I, I don't know what y'all think this is. See the thing is people say, and Beasley is a hell of a player, man, it's like, but at the same time you gotta make him work defensively. You can't let him sit and just be comfortable. You know what I mean? Right. Oh yeah. It's gonna, it's gonna be a damn good game. I'm looking forward to it. Ooh, that thing come, I better tune in IO Joe Bes first to 50 win. It's gonna be a good one baby. The Dallas Mavericks accidentally leaked plans for the number one draft pick on their website with the first pick.


The Dallas Mavericks and the 2025 NBA draft selects Cooper kept Secret in America. Right. They ain't link nothing. They, we already knew what they were doing. Hell, who the hell y'all think, oh we thought y'all was gonna take somebody else. I just, I I I honestly, I thought they was gonna probably trade that pick and then go get kd but to my understanding, they keeping it. Yeah. Yeah. I I thought that yeah, that would, You know, you want to Giannis, I mean I was like, okay, hey, hey we got number one pick and another big, but they, I mean you think about it, the Lakers, I mean the Milwaukee they traded Kareem, they traded Ray Allen.


So Trading Giannis wouldn't surprise you, man. You can't even do You know what type of team that would be when you don't even gni you ain't, if the, if the Mavericks got Giannis, you, I mean without Kyrie you would still be, I Think you would still be top of the Western conference. At least top five were Giannis. And so, so you say if Giannis went to the, if Giannis went to the Mavericks and they had to give up Kyrie, so Giannis and ad Nah, I'm saying if you traded that Cooper Flag.


Flag, okay. And you had Giannis and ad leading the charge until Kyrie got man. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I'm talking about the next year, the next year or two you, you could potentially win a win. A tighter, the ball ball continues to push the LA Clippers to quit playing and trade for Lalo the Clippers. Bring those GD boy Ball boys home, let's go get a championship and quit messing around all you fans Who won a championship back in LA? Yes. A whole new arena with the ball boys who ain't going go up there and watch that show? Who are you giving up to go get Lalo man? Hmm?


I don't know if they, they're not trading James Harden for him. They're not trading Kawhi and they're not trading Zbox. So you got Norman Powell, you got done. I mean I, I'm trying to, what, what else? Nah man, the Hornets ain't doing that. Not for they no, of course not. Not for they young talented guy. And I, I think the thing is maybe look, it's been proven Lalo and Lonzo can play. I don't think jello vargo have to get that one up that that dog ain't gonna hunt. Oh, he still trying to get Jello in the league. Yep. Yeah, that said Jello, jello got a old new career now. He ain't studying that. Yeah, basketball. He, that man trying to come up with a hot another hot single right now.


Yeah. Hey, working on him. Whoa, that's a wrap. That's a wrap. Hey look, he done found his niche. Yeah, his, yeah, I mean, I mean to have two sons. I mean, hey, I mean I I guess it'd be great. I mean 'cause with the holiday I think it's three holiday boys, right? Yeah. Yeah. And he, they got them in there but You know all Hey, but look, I can, I can understand him wanting, You know, Lalo and la obviously it's his hometown in that new arena. He'll be box office in there. But if you the Hornets you, you can't do that. Yeah, he box off it, but he's another one man. He gotta do something with them ankles, man. Yeah. His ankle might be worse than Steph Curry.


And you remember how Steph had ankle problems early in his career? Yeah. Yeah. To try to keep 'em healthy. Man, they gotta try to find a way. They might, he might need, Hey call Steph and see what type of braces Steph be wearing, man. 'cause mellow man, every year it is every year there's an injury going on. Just gotta get him on that. Gotta get him on that mean fitness plan on get well the thing, well his dad, his dad's a working with a workout warrior. His dad played football. That, I mean if that Jello got a body it like his dad and you look at Lonzo and Mellow, they got the thin frames. They don't have that, that size and that oom like the dad had. Yeah, I, but they can, but I think La Melo can get like that wire retrain. I don't think he needs to get bigger. He just needs to get stronger.


You know what I mean? Like, like we talked about the other night, you have to, you have to enjoy lifting, you have to lift weights to be able to make it through an entire NBA season. You playing too many games on a night to night basis and it wears your body down. And if you're not fueling your body, meaning lifting weight to keep your body strong, you are ultimately gonna deal with these little knickknack injuries. That's just, that's just what it is. Yep. So you gotta get him on this main fitness plan man. Get him right. He'll be all right. The volume. This is an iHeart podcast.