
If you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple. Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple card.com.


What's s good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear just like a dream For more. Check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video Firing. Downfield Caught this week. Coach Sean Payton returns to New Orleans as the Denver Broncos. Visit the Saints. You're gonna Love This coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Broncos and Saints Thursday only on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for detail.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Ow. And our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What. It all means for the future of our country watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on MSN BC


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion league match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.


The Volume


TD Tudy, taking It to the House. Reservations for six. Whatever you call It. Touchdown one thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We. Don't care how you score We. Want to bet on touchdowns and at DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to Odoo your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Download the DraftKings Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. HELP is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite number 85 Liberty Cities Zone can Cincinnati Bingo. Great pro bowler all pro Ring of Fame honoree. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Y'all can just call him ocho. Thank you for joining us. After you see the Cincinnati Bengals, go into MetLife and take down the New York Giant 17 to seven OCHO. And I'll get to That in just a moment. Please make sure you hit That subscribe button. Please make sure you hit That like button and Odoo us a favor. Make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from and re moment. Every subscriber.


Every subscriber matters. And We, thank you for mattering. Because of, because of you We are who We are and We are able to Odoo What We Odoo. So thank you again for your support. Please make sure you go check out Shade by Laport. We're gonna be in 14 to 16 store states by the end of the year. If we're not currently in a state or sitting near you, You can order It because We have it in stock and We can ship It right to your door. Please go follow my media company PGI on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. The UNC and OCHO teeth are back in stock. I repeat the UNC and OCHO teeth are back in stock. Thank you guys for reaching out. Let us know That, you have started receiving your orders as last week, so hopefully by the middle of this week all orders will have been confirmed and you would've received your merchandise.


Thank you again for your support. Please make sure you go vote for us the Signal Awards. Nightcap is nominated for two awards. Best Live podcast recording. We're currently in second and best co-host team. We're still currently in second. Voting is open until October 17th, midnight October 17th after That. There's no more voting allowed. Just like the webs, you have to create an account and then verify it with your email. Again, you have to create an account and then verify it with your email club. Shehe is also nominated for three awards, popular culture and variety Show Best athletes Shaping Culture and best in individual episode.


Best guess Kat Williams. Again, please go out. Have you supported us? Great. can I know I need some honey and tea. My voice is shot being in them airports. That Long wasn't, wasn't really conducive for my help. Nah, That That. That ain't no airport. That ain't why your voice shot There Ain't no can. I'm JLab. You took my advice though. Did you use whipped Cream? Nah bro. Nah, nah. But thank you guys again. Club Shehe nominated for three awards. Nightcap nominated for two We. Appreciate your support by going out and voting for us. So thank you again. Let's jump right into it. Ocho, your bingo's going the road and secure a much needed win to improve the two in four. Beating the New York giant. 17 zero on the road can Joe Burrow was 19 of 28, 202 yards.


Clean games. He didn't turn it over. They ran the ball 20 times for 121 yards. They didn't have a whole lot of plays. They only ran What 49 total plays. That's not a lot, but They, get the JLab done. Daniel Jones, 22 or 4 1 2 0 5 won interception. A horrible interception. The field goal kicker didn't make anything better 'cause he missed two field goals. They ran the ball 31 times for one 19. One touchdown. One touchdown. No. Tracy had a Russian touchdown. Excuse me, no passing touchdown can a rushing touchdown can and They lose. The Giants lose. Fall to two and four or and three at home. Bengal's fault. Go to two and four. Two and away two and one away from home can.


Okay, What, did you like about this game? Listen, What, I liked about this game. Oh, hold on Nina, I'm gonna start with What. I didn't like What. I did like is the offense. I didn't like the offense. I didn't like our offense. The Bengals obviously playing down to the competition. That We are playing. And to give credit to the Giants defense, That guy Damn Dexter, Lawrence Oja And Oex Oja Solu Slu and Boys Luther, them boys. I just wanna make sure I give 'em They credit and give 'em They credit and What They were able to Odoo obviously They double chase for the really the entirety of the night. Chase Brown had a good game. T Higgins Odoo phenomenal. Phenomenal. I That, that's why I always call him a one a if you did watch the game in It entirety.


T Higgins is a one a other than That. It was a good game. The the play calling to me is still a little bit vanilla for us to have the two weeks, the, the previous two weeks. That We did offensively and to come into play the Giants and the Giants Odoo, What They did to us tonight. It just, I just don't understand, I just don't understand based on the type of games Burl had the previous two weeks before the night, other than That defense, defense play. Well as, as bad as our defense has been this year. I think we're ranked damn near the bottom half When It comes in, when It comes to the run, when It comes to That to the pass, We We held 'em to seven Points tonight. And it was It was It was It was a good, It was a ugly win.


But It was a win. Can, It was ugly win, but it was a win other than That. I mean, I got kind of nervous a little bit. I got kind of nervous towards the end. We needed two first downs to to, to seal the game. And here We go first down, run the ball here, We, go second down, run the ball. Third down Sack like, oh shit, here We go again here We, go again. About to throw the game away because What I thought was gonna happen was at the wrong opportune time and Giants gonna go down and score and tie the goddamn damn game can, but it didn't happen. We got away with this one. I think We got the Browns next week. Hopefully We can We can pull off another one and just That fast if We can win next week.


We done dug us, We done dug ourselves out. That whole damn near. No you're not, because the Ravens are aren't losing. And the Steeler, the Ravens, they're still winning. They've already beat you in your place. I don't, I don't, I don't like the way you just rained on my parade. I didn't need That. Okay? I I didn't need That. Okay, let me feel, let me feel good about my Bangal right now. We started out really bad. We was one in four. We won the night. We two in four Can We are going to beat the Browns next week. Okay? We're gonna be, I'm, I'm telling you, We gonna beat the Browns next week. I'm going out on a living. I'm saying it and I'm feeling good. Okay? Please don't run on my parade and on my team because let's talk about your Broncos.


Are, are you, are you, are the Bengals playing better than the Ravens? Absolutely not. And they've already beat you and There are two games in front of You. Can I tell you something? can The Ravens started out fast and They hit their stride. I mean, They started off slow and They hit their stride. We started off slow and we're just now hitting our stride. It just so happened the Ravens started hitting their stride before We did. You just said That, you wasn't happy considering the two offensive performance That you had last week and now you get 17 after score 30th That night. Sometimes you have games like this, huh? You played the game before. Sometimes you have game like this and, and you know it's okay. It's okay. That's why, that's why the first thing I did was I gave salute to the three defensive players.


That were the best tonight for the Giants because They They They played really well. And I, and, and I again salute the lou as well because our defense played as well and only inhaled them to seven points. Man, look here, let's cut the bull jive. Daniel Jones. Oh, don't Odoo That. Don't Odoo don't Odoo That don't Odoo don't jump, don't jump on us. Too Bad O Joe, don't jump on Us Too bad Please. Daniel Jones is terrible. Okay? Okay. The first third quarter They run a great play. Fate slate. Slate runs a great dig route. He's wide open and he skips the ball to it Can. Yes sir. Ocho That is, That is the most routine. He has no pressure. He had a great ball. Fake slate was a great route.


Oh, so you gotta, if you can't complete the routine, how are you going to, how are you gonna win? Can how, Why would you retreat you in field goal range? Why would you retreat and throw the ball up in the middle of the field? Ocho ocho. That's, that's high school. Oh, that's, can, can That is so I shouldn't even have to tell you. First of all, you never roll and then throw back across your body. You never retreat and throw the ball up in the middle of the field. Can you? Don't you don't. That's Carter Cardinal rule number one. This is a NFL professional quarterback. And he makes the most boneheaded plays.


That, a high school player is taught not to Odoo. A junior high player is not taught not to Odoo. Yes. Now there's one person that's worse than him. So there's, there's one quarterback in the NFL that's worse than him. Who is They? He played down There in Tennessee. Oh, will Levi can Can, when We talk about bonehead plays and things, you just You Odoo not even giving a chance the opportunity to win. But I, I don't, I don't mean to to veer off track, but, but Daniel Jones did, didn't, didn't play very well tonight. He didn't give his chance his team a chance to win with some of the throws. That he did make you, you are correct. He might've been seeing ghosts though. Huh? He might've been seeing ghosts. 'cause It It does happen. When you get hit enough, you get sucked enough, you get rattled. You start doing things you don't normally Odoo.


That are routine. It makes the routine things difficult. Can, but I think the thing is Ocho, I I just think your team is like really inconsistent. And the problem That you're gonna have is That. Your defense isn't very good. Now you gotta wave with one tonight can because their offense is worse than your defense. But when you play a team, That can put points on the board. I don't know how many games you're gonna win That when you play on offense, That, you scored 17 points. This is the problem. Ung the previous two weeks. We were a team. That can put points on the board. We've scored 30, 30 We had 30 balls to pass two weeks in a row. But here, that's why I don't understand What the hell happened tonight. But, but here's the thing. You re moment against Washington, how many times did you kick field goals in the red zone?


That's What got you beat against the commanders, Right? Right. Last week you, you, you got the ball, you scored What five times, but when you needed it, you threw It in interception late, you had the chiefs on the rope, you fumble the ball. They get a scooping score. You see your offense at the most inopportune times are not doing What. They need to get done going up and down the field. You should be pleased. The one thing you should be pleased with tonight, don't you can is That, when It was a ten seven ball game and They got the ball back, They went down and got seven. You should be pleased with That can. Because when a team can take the ball and says, we're not gonna give it back to you. Or if We Odoo give It back, You can gonna be down two scores.


Right? You should be very, very pleased with That. That is the mark of a team. That says, okay, let's, if We can just shut 'em down a little bit on defense. Defense, I'm not saying you gotta be the 2000 Ravens, but damn you can't give up 41 can you can't give up 33 or whatever They gave up against the commanders. But when you play the giants, if you don't put the ball in harm's way, their offense can't consistently move the ball well enough to beat you. Right? Because of That quarterback play. Now, They You dress it up. All They want to and talk about It the offensive line and those receivers can, he is not a good NFL quarterback. It's really That simple. The money aside, I don't care about the money. Hell, he's not a good quarterback for $20 million a year because the routine throws he can't make consistently.


What. You think What, He not a good quarterback for how much you here? 20,000,015. He not, I mean he just, he just Hey it. It's just hard to win when your quarterback play is That inconsistent. Can you You can. Right? You can right Hey. Listen ev every team on every team, it's 32 teams in NFL and every team in just a quarterback away, a quarterback away from being good, a quarterback away from being in contention, a quarterback away of consistent quarterback play away from just being able to build and, and, and, and, and get your franchise going in the right direction.


But the thing about the quarterback position as We know and you know, and, and those That are not casual fans of the game know That position is very difficult. It's a reason why They command the money. That They Odoo Odoo. It's a reason They command the money, not command the money. But when the timing is off, sometimes you just have to pay a person because There had nothing out There for you. They had nothing else to go get. They had no choice put to put but to pay Daniel Jones at the time when it was time to pay him. I mean, There There, where were you going? There was nowhere else to go. That's What, that's What, that's What. I call timing being right. The timing was right. There were no other options and he was the best option for you. But see, that's when you ignore What. You had seen the previous two and a half years and you base everything What on one season.


They made the playoffs, but What did the previous two seasons tell you. So you ignore That and says this is who he is. So you have a large sample size of who somebody else, but you take the small sample size. It's almost like being in a relationship. Your girl is give you her ass the kiss except on your birthday. Mm. And you say, this is who my baby is. But What about the other, What about the other 360 4. Right? So What about the large sample size in which you've seen Daniel Jones play and you've seen the inefficiency and you've seen the ineffectiveness. Nah, We gonna disregard That. We're just gonna say this is who he is and this is who he can be. Nah, nah, It. It is hard though.


You it is hard. It's hard. You know how difficult It is to find quarterbacks And They still haven't found one good Quarterbacks That. You can win with quarterbacks. That can play consistently week in and week out. That shit is, it is hard. And They pay $40 million and They still haven't found one. You can win just as many games as they're going to win with a guy. That makes 10 million. Can you not? Can Can. And and see the thing is Ocho, he plays just well enough at times. That, You can like, man Can, he has flashes. Flashes is That. That. That. Okay? That's why We paid him. And then it goes back to, no, something ain't right.


We are inconsistent. We're What We repeatedly. Odoo. Therefore, It is not a singular act. It is a habit. What Odoo you repeatedly Odoo. If you look at Daniel Jones body of work, What, has he repeatedly done, played Bad? Mm. He has more instances in which he's played bad, inconsistent and effective than he has. Playing good, being effective. You know, What, I gotta use That. more impactful, effective. I gotta use That. You just said, you just said something really, really, really profound. It is very simple, but We are What We repeatedly. Odoo, huh? Yes. Therefore, It is not a singular act.


It is a habit. Boy, I'm finna use That one. Habits are What We repeatedly Odoo not singular Acts, Right? Ooh, that's a good one. It was real simple and it almost got away from me. But I had to rewind It and bring it back in and replay It. That's a good one. Oh, Joe can can, after suffering the worst home loss of his time as owner, general manager 47 9 to the Detroit Lions, Jerry Jones backed head coach Mike McCarthy. When asked of a potential change, Jerry said, oh, I haven't even considered That. I'm not considering That. Just so you're clear, I'm not considering That.


When reminded about his previous in-season coaching changes he made in 2010 when he fired Wade Phillips and named Jason Garrett interim head coach. After one in seven start, Jerry became even more dispensing. That would be a hypothetical in That manner. Odoo, you think I'm an idiot? Joy Jerry, is That a rhetorical question or is That one That? You want a yes or no answer to Don't answer Odoo you okay? Well, I'm not going to Odoo hypotheticals with you about What. I would consider coaching change in light of timing. We're sitting here with, I'm not at all coaches. The cowboys are three and three after the loss to the Lions. And That wasn't just a loss. No. That wasn't just a loss. All losses created equal.


Yes, They go into the loss column, but they're not created equal. They're just one game behind the commanders in the nfcs, but have lost their first three games at home for the first time since 2010. They've been outscored by 66 points. The Cowboys are Oing three in the red zone today. Ocho is It time to take McCarthy out of his position. I have a question before We even get to Mike McCarthy, right? Yes. Before We get even get to the players before We get to the defense. Before We get to the offense. The Cowboys lost today, right? Yes. Who was the first person We heard from? The first person We always hear from Jerry.


That's problem number one. Yes. That's problem one. That's problem number one and always has been. But you like you said, and like you told me, he would never change because he feels he's the best person to be able to run That team. But the Cowboys did today. It was very bad. It was dreadful. It was awful. It was terrible. It was frightful. It was atrocious. It was disgraceful. It was deplorable. I'm not sure if I have any other words. I You explain the cowboys Sean today, offensively and defensively. It was bad. It was bad. It was bad. To the point where the fucking Detroit Lions were running stuff. That I haven't seen in years. That. I ran when I was an optimist can when I was in little league Can They, were very Disrespectful.


Were plays That. I did when I was eight years old. This is the NFL. This is the best of the best. It's the NFL. It's the best of the best. How you throwing plays at a tackle? Because I, I have such little respect. This is What. You call being disrespectful because we're on national television. We gonna run a lateral to a tackle. Ocho We gonna call it. I've Never seen anything like That. This is not the last play of the game where we're gonna ladder it black and forth, right? We're gonna call it and guess What before That. We gonna call a play. We gonna play fake it and We gonna try to throw a back shoulder to the tackle. Hold on. Not a tight end. Not a tight end.


A tackle.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow. And our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight. It results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What. It all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C


Hey Guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade This podcast. We got a great episode coming up, picks in all the sports, football, basketball, We, Odoo, 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode, and I'm supposed to really care whether or not camera rising plays well. Here's the big difference. All right, and what's the spread? Utah is a six point favorite. Okay? So they're so teams are four and one. They're going to Tempe. It's Friday night, Billy Friday night. Weird things happen. Tim Scottsdale most beautiful people on, on the planet. At least on the women. I don't, I haven't looked seen the guys. I don't think there's gonna be a lot of people at this game. 'cause they're gonna be like, I We are in, we're in like the most beautiful people place.


Why am I watching to see if camera rising plays can or not? can They have camera rising exhaustion too? can They? They're they're tired of it. They want other things to rise? So, oh, There. It is There you. So I think that's gonna play into Utah's hands. Okay. They're gonna rise into Utah's and Arizona State is not going to have people There. So I'm going to go Utah covered six. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade This on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bring back the same team. Oh No, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. W Odoo com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy. Even you You Odoo it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to Odoo the install. Nope. blinds.com can Odoo it all. All she had to Odoo was pick What. She wanted, she talked to a design consultant for free and schedule a professional measure and install. Look at You Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh, Blinds.com is the goat, The goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 45% off select styles and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 45 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's What I love about Chumba. Casino They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And They release new games every week. So spice things up with Chumba Casino dot com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 Plus terms and conditions apply.


Did you know every three seconds someone is a victim of identity theft? LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. This cybersecurity awareness month. Adding multi-factor authentication like a text with a security code is one way to boost your security. But for comprehensive protection, trust LifeLock LifeLock alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal info and steps in to resolve issues That arise guaranteed or your money back. Protect yourself with a 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms apply.


Listen, I don't, I don't, I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on in Jerry Jerrys world. They've had three games at home. They lost all three games at home Tonight wasn't, That wasn't a loss. I I really can't even conjure up the words. I tried to, I tried to to to give you a few synonyms on, on, on What Tonight was, but I don't, I don't, I don't know What. I don't know What. I don't, I It is it is It, Mike McCarthy. 'cause with That same. Mike McCarthy went 12, 12 and five last year. can but that's the, with the Mike McCarthy before That to see the previous to That. They went 12 and five as well. Yes. And had a They had a playoff birth even though They They They went home in the first round. But still this is not the same cowboy team.


That. I mean, I mean, I'm used to, used to seeing, especially in the regular season. 'cause in the regular season, They Odoo win. But They don't start off this goddamn damn bad. Their defense isn't very good. The defense is not built To play from behind when defense ever been good. No, but see, here's the thing is That What normally happens is That. The offense can put pre, see they're built to play with a lead. And What happens when you can't play with a lead and you can't pin your ears back because you got those guys. That don't have anchors in their back pockets. You see how They mo you see how the 184 yards and look at They, don't just get beat They get blown out.


Can They get blown out? What did the Saints Odoo to them? What did Green Bay Odoo to 'em in the playoffs. They put up 48. They got 47 hung on today. New Orleans put 40 something on them. can can the Ravens took their foot off the gas too soon? They should have put 40 on them, right? And, and people keep saying, well, it's the defense to defense. Dak got three field goals. If I know my defense isn't good, I can't settle for field goals. I've gotta get touchdown because I've gotta match. Because if I don't, we're gonna be get too far behind can The best thing to happen is Dak threw That interception and got in out because What was gonna happen, is he was gonna get some empty calories.


And people gonna say, well, D didn't see the game, say Dak played. Well, we've seen That far too many times, right? We saw it against the Saints. We saw It against the Ravens. We see It a lot. We saw It against Green Bay where he has these empty calories. And you look at the stat and You can like, well he didn't play bad if the defense You have got some stops. No, you got three field goals. Can Three Ally, if you really think about It, ocho, yes sir. They should, They shoulda have put 60 on them. Can can it You? Listen, It You have been a 60 ball easily because It You been, but That That would've been very, I I don't changes. If They put up 60 points, heads were probably gonna roll and somebody would've had to lose their JLab.


But who hold first of All? But who, it would've been too much pressure from the outside world. Who you gonna put it? First of all, you can't put Mike Zimmer in That JLab because his defense is trash. So how you put him in That JLab as the, as the, as the head coach? I don't know who's the offensive coordinator? Who Odoo he hire Cowboys. I know Mike McCarthy calls the plays, right? But who has the JLab title as offensive coordinator? Brian Heimer. Okay. He's not, you're not putting him There, right? So You can kind of stuck because guess What. That's Mike McCarthy's offense. That's not Brian Schottenheimer's offense, right? That's Mike McCarthy. Because re moment They got rid of the other guy because They said They ran the ball too much.


I mean, They They threw the ball too much. They throw the ball way more now than They did when They had Kel Moore's offensive coordinator. So I'm, I'm assuming because They throw the ball so much, they're still not happy with the running game. They're still not happy with those They have to run the ball. So what's the answer? There, What happens O Joe, when you fall behind by 14, you fall behind by 21. Well, you have no choice but to throw. So you don't really know. Look, Odoo. I I think Odoo ell is okay. I don't think he's great. I don't think You can going anywhere with him, Right? But you basically take your running game out because What, Odoo, They Odoo every game They fall behind.


And when you fall behind, I ain't even worried. Okay, run it. I dare you to, because all You can gonna Odoo is run time off the clock. Fuck. Because They don't really have anybody That You hit the head on the goal post. Nah. So with That being said, appreciate it. With That being said, Can, This is bad. I don't know what's going on, but it's almost like CD and Dak has never played together. Ocho you know, he had 14 targets today. He caught seven of them. They put him in motion, he runs up the sideline, Dak throws It back, showed he keeps going.


He's looking for It over here. Dak throws it over. There, right? D's looking for him to be over There. He throws It over and so he's over here. They gotta get on They. Gotta get on the same page. Ocho man, the guys been together for five years. Ocho can What in the hell can Odoo you, me, get on the same page, Can. I mean I listen you, you, I mean, hell, even after five years, they're supposed to be in sync, especially in year five. You supposed to know What. I'm thinking every time, right? As a receiver, if you know a guy's off and I'm coming in motion, I'm running down the field and he is already off of me, it's okay. You throw That thing back shoulder. If you know I have a guy pressed and he is up on me and I'm coming in motion and he's, and he's locked up. You let That bitch go, like There should They the, the one, the two people on offense.


That should be in unison is them two. They're Not. And them two outta sync, then everything is falling apart. And because in order, In order, in order for the offense to get a rhythm, Onk, if They can't run the ball like They haven't been able to Odoo in order for their offense to get a rhythm and everything to get in sync. Goddamn goddamn fo damn What number CD ware oh 4 88 oh They gotta be on the same page. You Shoulda been with That because That can, That can kick your That can kickstart your offense, right? There like a goddamn lawn mower. You know, What shit ain't shit ain't going right. McCarthy call. So from four to 18, let's get us, let's get us in rhythm every time.


Ocho, at some point in time, We gotta come to the realization. The Cowboys aren't good. You can say four to 88. You can say four to one and four to this. The Cowboys aren't good. Can, can, Can. And it's okay to say That. Oh can They, they're not good. I didn't said it, I didn't said It. But I think, I think it's more than just That that's in the way of them actually being good. It's more, it's more than just That than them actually being good. Being good starts all the way from the motherfucking top. Because the Kansas City Chiefs are good can, but It starts at the top. The Ravens are good. It's always started from the top. The Steelers are good. Even they're, they're rebounding back to being good. But it, it's, it starts at the top. Just think about, think about all the teams.


That are consistently good year in and year out. Not living on What they've done in past. 'cause the coach is the fuck because the coach is the voice of the team and not the owner. And the owner is okay with not getting credit with not without. Oh let tell you who's gonna play, lemme tell you who isn't. Lemme tell you who's injured. Lemme tell you who isn't. Lemme tell you what's going on. And let me tell you what's not. That's Jerry. Jerry ego won't let him be anything but this. All the teams That, you mentioned Steve Otti, he don't care about no credit. The the Rooneys They don't care about no credit. The Hunts They don't care about no credit. Only Jerry because his ego, his insatiable appetite to be liked and to be known, that's why he won't hire a coach of substance because anybody That comes in and They win.


They're gonna get the credit. That's why he got Jimmy ass up outta There because Jimmy got the credit. Wasn't nobody talking about Jerry Jones. I was in the league when They were winning, right? And no, everybody talked about Jimmy. It was Jimmy and the triplets. Jerry was an afterthought. Jerry was disgusted by That because I purchased this team. I hired Jimmy Johnson who was a college teammate of mine. And it rub It It It rubbed him. And that's why he wants to win so bad. He feels if he You just win one without Jimmy and not having Jimmy players, he'll be okay.


But I don't see it happening because he can't get out of his own way. And this team is not good enough. They're not good enough. Hey Trayvon bro. That's a speed merchant up. There. If you press him and you miss, that's what's gonna happen. He gonna run by you. He gonna run by you. Ocho it is really That Odoo. You Jamo, Yes. Jameson Williams can, yes, he, he, he You go There. You can't miss him. You gotta get all of him because you got a man with no help over the top. And he gonna run to That Point and Jerry Goff going throw it up and then it's gonna be a touchdown.


Cowboys, they're in trouble. Ocho they're in trouble. If you look at the teams, they're not better. Are They better than the Packers? No. Are They better than the Lions? No. We obviously not. They're not better than Minnesota. They're not better than the Commanders. They're not better, not better than the 49 ERs right now. They're like the eighth or ninth best. Maybe eight, maybe 10th, Right? Hell, I'm not so sure they're better than Chicago. Think you think about, and this is the funny thing I was gonna say. You think about all the, the teams, That you just named and you look at the quarterbacks of those teams, They, quarterbacks, That play consistent week in and week out. Now, I'm not saying there's nothing wrong with Dak because Dak Dak does What.


He can Odoo. I think he doesn't have enough. What's the word I'm looking for? Enough, enough. Firepower. Hold On. Where you going? What, What Chad. Anyway, like, like I was saying, I don't think That, you look at, you think about all the, all the other teams, That, UNC, just name and look at the weaponry. That They have at their disposal. I think the Cowboys have some They have some good players. They don't have That Umph, you know, you got, you got CD and you need something else. That That really? That commands. That kind of, you know, That kind of attention. That That That kind of alleviates the pressure off of That alleviates some of the pressure off of, off of cd.


It It is hard to explain, but most of the teams Odoo have That shit. I, I don't, I don't, I don't know how to say it. I'm trying to say it without being disrespectful to the players. That are There. I mean, They, They, They good, you know, it's okay. But There there's levels and there's different tiers to this shit. And I think that's What, that's What. The Cowboys might be missing a little bit, especially offensively. 'cause if you, if you, if your defense is bad, your identity has to be somewhere. Your identity gotta be somewhere. It, your identity is on offense or your identity is on fucking defense. It can't be on Bose sides of the ball. If your defense is bad, That mean your offense has to be just That much better. And They just need, need more They just need more. That's it.


And We need Jerry to sit down. And I'm talking about We because I feel bad for the Cowboys fans. Hell, I feel bad for the Cowboys players, you know? Now I understand What, Suge Knight was talking about That. Same speech he gave at whatever the war show That was is pertaining to Jerry. Same thing. Same thing. Let us play. Let the coaches coach a great team. Somebody said Ocho, a great team needs Bose sides. No it doesn't. Great team doesn't need Bose sides. And you'll never get That. You'll never get That. A team is always lopsided. Even the team That have won Super Bowls is always lopsided at, at some point somewhere you can't have a great defense and a great offense.


That's like impossible. You think about the Ravens, when They won the Super Bowl defense let up What. They gave let up 10 points a Gave points a game. How Odoo Can a game Hey? Somebody, somebody just said, I mean you, you better you, you're better at explaining It to me. can what's up or for them as opposed, someone said, you need a great team on Bose sides of the ball. No, to win, You need, you need to play complimentary football. Bingo. 'cause I think the mark of any good team Ocho is can you get done What, you need to get done when you absolutely have to. When you have to can Go back and look at the Chiefs. Look how They paid a bad all last year. But in the playoffs when They needed to get a key third down, What did They, Odoo, They got it can. When They needed to get a stop, the defense was consistent all year.


But when They needed to get off the field, They got off the field. They got off the field. When They needed to force the turnover, when Za Flowers was about to get the ball, What does knee Odoo punch It out, punch it out, They punch it out. can. So you need to be able to play complimentary football. You need to be, you need to be really good in two or the three phases. But at the other phase, can you compliment That? Right? Can you get timely turnovers? Can you get a timely third down? Can You, can you pun or pin him down? Can he your kicker make a big kick, Right? Dallas has a a kicker. That has a, a canon for a leg. Can can, I mean he's damn the automatic, but they're so bad on Bose side, on the other sides, offensively and defensively.


They can't look at That. They couldn't protect him. The best thing, I mean Hutchinson, hopefully he come make a comeback next year because he had a compound can. And you see That, you see That injury a lot of times Ocho in MMA when They kick can, and the guy checks him. Can We saw Anderson S Silver break his leg? Like That. I think We saw Rock Rockwell break his leg. I think that's his, his last name break his leg like That, I think. I think McGregor, it might not can have been the same thing, but his, his ankle snapped in half, he get kicked re moment. He went Back the step can and the guy checked it And the stepped in half. I can Can we've seen That. We. See Anderson S Silver broke his leg.


I think Anderson s Silver did That. We've seen a Aloo was It Rock hole Rock. One of those. Another guy, They who was It. And so We saw That, but They couldn't block him. Can Can Chris Weidman? Chris Weidman? That's What. It was Chris Weidman can Kick Guy checked him, snaps It in half. He was making a play. Ocho his leg whips around We saw O RG three, his leg whip like That, but he tore everything in his knee. Knee. He, his has Later like a com. It was a compound fracture. So hopefully he gets back next year can 'cause he was having an unbelievable season.


They couldn't block him. They did a great JLab of stunning and the offensive line, Ocho is not What. It once was can They can't, They don't open holes like They once did. That's a lot of collisions. Now a lot of those Tigerman Smith is gone on. The only guy that's been There from the start was is Zach Martin. But he's not What. He once was, he's slowing down considerably. Watch It. I'm not, I'm not breaking news to your ocho. Just watch the tape, watch him play. He he's not What. He once was, he's still good, but he's not even close to What. He once was. They're running games, they're running routine games on him and getting home Can, But the Cowboys got some serious, serious issues.


Ocho can, They got some serious, serious issues. You, you don't, you don't think them having another viable target. That take some of the pressure off of goddamn cd. CD and D can, I'm, I'm talking about a, I'm talking about a viable target. I'm talking about one when you break the goddamn huddle, okay, you know What, We need to be alert. All right? We need to be alert for 88. But hell We got to watch this fool over here too because he You he can also beat us. So if We say We taking We, taking Soandso out the game, We know he has a possibility to also move the chains. Hell the Bengals. They got Chase and They got God. Higgins, right? The Eagles, They got AJ Brown, They had Devonte Smith. Those are two people. That, you just have to worry about That makes I think the offensive a little bit more, more not explosive.


Trying to think of the word, the word the right word to use. You can Odoo much more. You Have well That make can That makes it more diversified because here's thing O Okay, There, that's, that's What. I can, When you ocho when you look at It, I liked Hobert. I think he can be really good. He's gotten better. When you look at What, he was last year Ocho. Ocho, right? There was some games he wasn't even dressing out. Can Brandon Cooks is supposed to be your number two, but he's hurt. It's hard. In order to be a number two OCHO and to be That be That small, you got to be special, Right? Can see Tyreek is That size, but Tyreek is special. Tyreek is a one can. So to be That small and to be a number two, you've got to be really, really special.


Special Can, I think Brandon Cooks is good. can het think he's special, Right? He don't put no and no disrespect. He don't put no fear in nobody. Huh? He ain't put no fear in nobody. Like That Lord, you'll let him run by it Can he'll run by you now can, That's It. He'll run by you. But he still don't put no fear. We ain't talking about no goddamn cheetah speed. We ain't talking about no Xavier worthy. Now You can fast, but who ain't fast? can this the N nfl? Now can everybody They mama They get up running four, three Can, like I said, the dbs, they're not special. I think Digs is still trying to recover. He don't want to tackle They.


Keep trying to punch the ball out, bro. You gotta put at some point in time, mocho, you gotta put pads on people. You gotta put people, you gotta put people ass on the ground. Can All That Swr That the ball? That Bro? Hey and Odoo, you think? I think the NFL, the NFL has made it very, very difficult for dbs to, to make tackles, especially on sweeps and tosses where they're not, they're not able to cause a pile by going low on the line. Go look at Jay Ram, The guards of the pulling Go look at Jay Ram. Jay Ram will stick his nose up in There Ramsey? Yes. Oh, can he he tackle it though? Yes. He, he's he's tackling db There's very Few. So it can be done.


Yes Can. And matter of fact, speaking of, I'm, I'm JLab, I'm JLab since you said That, there's a play from Denzel Ward. I don't, I don't re moment What year, it was When he slid down, the guy was coming and he slid up under the big, big tackle And he slid under There and made That tackle can. No, and I still to this day, That at That play is still in my head because I have never seen nothing like That can That was That was live. But how many, how many DB can actually make a play like That In order to make a play like That? You had to have thought about That play so many times before, right Before, before you Had That is no play. That's not a play That at the spur of the moment. You Odoo That, you Just think exactly. Exactly, exactly. And so can, but I think defenders are at a disadvantage, especially with those big boys pulling especially dbs.


It it's, it's kind of unfair. But I mean, You gonna look at Marlon, Marlon Humper tackle, Oh, can, can can hump a hump, A big boy boy, you Hump tackle boy and your your dvs gotta tackle because especially in the Cowboys, because guess What your front seven lighting the britches. So you gonna be getting a lot of practice tackling. I, I'm just being honest, Ocho I mean look at It who hadn't run for a hundred Plus yard. Hold on again. They got out rushed by a hundred yards. 180 4 to 53. How many, how many yards the, the Lions had?


180 4. Okay, Cowboys had 53. You re moment the Ravens had two 70 Plus re moment two 50 Plus can Kamar was going crazy. That night, bro. You got look at some point in time you just say, you know, What the hell with this, it comes down to macho football. At the end of the day, You can come up with, with Steam all you want. Make a play. Io Can man, oh man, can, can, but who, who, who You You count on who can you count on right now though? Somebody gotta come to the party. Somebody gotta pay the tab. Boy They on a bi week Odoo, you know how long this ass cutting going sit in your going going stick with you.


Oh, Can man who They got coming out to buy though? Oh, it's easy. They come. They They can come out to buy and everything change. They can come out to buy it and be a completely different team. Team They not better than Tampa. I forgot about Tampa. They not better than Tampa. Tampa, Tampa and Fire Ocho. Guess who They got coming out to buy? Who? The 49 ERs? Oh shit. They not better than the 49 ERs either. I tell you What, I give you one Better They. Not better than the Falcons. Kirk got them boys playing good Ocho They got the 49 ERs, the Falcons, the Eagles, The Texans.


Oh, and the Row And the commanders. Yes. Coming out the Bay. Yep. That's their next five games. Boy, man, listen again. This bi week You be good for 'em or it You be hell. Only two things You happen. Can Either you gonna play or you gonna fold? Either gonna play or you gonna fold. What. Lemme ask you a question. What, have you seen That makes you think They gonna play? I ain't seen nothing yet. Honestly. I mean, I mean I ain't trying to be rude. I ain't trying to be rude, but you know, I'm trying to be optimistic and I'm, I'm not even a Cowboy fan. I'm just trying to be optimistic just for those That are Cowboys fans.


That might be in the chat. That's the problem. Not to be optimistic. You see What and that's What Jerry's done. He's played on the Cowboys fandom optimism. And that's why he's done you disservice because you see They just like y'all. Just like you because every year, What, Odoo, They say we'll get it next year. We going to the Super Bowl. They win one game re moment They beat Cleveland over the day. We going to the Super Bowl. Woo, this good.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Ow. And our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What. It all means for the future of our country watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C.


You slept through your alarm, miss the train and your breakfast sandwich. Ugh, cold. Sounds like you You, use some luck. I'm Victoria Cash and Lucky Land is where people go every day to get lucky. At Lucky Land, You can play over a hundred casino style games for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, go to lucky land slots.com and get lucky today, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Void we're prohibited by law. 18 Plus terms and conditions apply.


Did you know every three seconds someone is a victim of identity theft? LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. This cybersecurity awareness month. Adding multifactor authentication like a text with a security code is one way to boost your security. But for comprehensive protection, trust LifeLock LifeLock alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal info and steps in to resolve issues That arise, guaranteed or your money back. Protect yourself with a 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms apply


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is back and it's bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all the club soccer has a whole new format. And this year's Champions League has given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next step, We got real Madrid versus Doman on Tuesday, October 22nd, and then Barcelona versus Byron on Wednesday, October 23rd is Champions, plan Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look for the Tuesdays and Wednesdays because nobody watches the UFA Champions League like us Paramount. Plus is the home of the UFA Champions League stream Every match. Live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Try for free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports


Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app That teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, You can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart. That's greenlight.com/iheart.


I re moment coming out here and tell you, I said ocho, I would show like to see if Cleveland would've had their starting right tackles you playing two guys that's never started before Can. And the Cowboys got the lead. So What You, you Odoo rush the quarterback back. When's the last time? Cowboys don't have the lead? They can't pin their ears back. They. Lighten the britches. I mean, look how the lions was just moving Ocho. I saw a couple of plays, man. I tweeted, I said hell, I You get seven yards. Okay? I can, I can Two. I You. Get two of my old, my old ass with, with with two replace hips. You. Get two yards in those holes. That, Montgomery and Gibbs was running through.


Can, can, and That That. That Lion's Old Lion is, I wouldn't call it underrated because any, any Old Lion, Oh no, they're not underrated. They. They got Su. They got ler. They got glass can Glass now. They got Deck. Oh, They nice. They nice. Oh hell no. They not on the radar. Oh hell no. They Nice. Hell no. They not on the radar. Oh, you know, They don't talk about 'em enough. They don't talk about 'em enough for me, you know, But They might have the two best tackles in football. When you look at their right tackle and their left tackle and Left Tackle can a as a whole totality Can. Zeitler is a damn good guard. Zeer was a Pro Bowl player. Glass now is a Pro Bowl player.


Can Man Fool is an all pro can They legit. Hold on. So You can Throwing in the towel. You throwing the towel on the Cowboys already? Look, I didn't think the cow look every year. Oh, They got so much talent. No They don't You can. Looking at names, name names. That's What. I love so much about sports. Ocho can, because you got to prove It to the next man the next week, Every year. I don't give a damn about your name. I don't give a damn about What. You've done, you got to show me today. That, You can What. Everybody says you are Right Because guess What.


I look at myself at the same way. Them people explaining you. I see myself like That. Right. Only one of us can be That today. Only one of us. Oh man. That's bad. That's bad. That's bad. The Lions tried to throw a a, a, a teeny pass to Taylor Decker. They ran a hooking lateral to Pin Soul. They, That, ot, Dan Skipper, he ran a route. That Man Out There Juing him a fleet flick of the Sam Laporta. That's Disrespect Ocho They got tackles. We call them plays for tackles.


can They let the tackle run a route? And I ain't just talking about no, you know, no down flat. It was a real route. A real, he ran a real route. I don't know. Maybe Dan Campbell don't get along with Mike McCarthy to be called in type of plays maybe. No, hold on. Maybe Ben Johnson. Salute to Ben Johnson too. Maybe Ben Johnson don't get along with somebody over There on That Cowboy staff. Because some of the things you were calling is disrespectful. Well, you know What Dan ca got, he was with the Cowboy oh 3 0 5. Dan was Can, he was the player. Oh man, can, okay. Okay. Hey. He probably wanted, he probably wanted to stick it to Jerry.


Huh? Why not? Why not? I can't think of a better person. Right, Right. Oh, can, Oh, that's Crazy. I'll tell you. What, like you said, We gonna find out a lot about the Cowboys over the next six weeks. Yes, sir. We gonna find out. Can find out. They gonna be, I I think, I think I'm, I'm hoping They. All right. I think Brandon, Brandon Cooks. How long is he out? Well, he was on Ir. He on ir So he'll be Oh, he'll be back after the by then. Nah, he gotta miss one more week. This the week third. The week is by. But hold, hold on Ocho now can, is he gonna be ready to come back? He had surgery on That knee.


Damn man. I'm sick of everybody getting hurt man. Fuck this shit man. Damn Friends up for Aidan Hutchinson who undergone surgery. He's already undergone surgery. Ocho he had surgery at a Dallas hospital. I don't know when he's gonna return back to, I'm sure the Lions probably flew, got a charter and flew his mom and dad out to be with him. I'm almost certain of That. I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm saying that's probably What happened. But it was, he was playing unbelievable. He's a very, very immensely talented, he has defensive player of the year, written all over him at some point in time in his career.


But he was off to a, an amazing start this year. I think he was leading the league in Sacks. I know he had one today. He might have had can he had one. He had another one called back. But he's, he's a hard playing guy. Plays with great pass leverage. good, good on the left side or the right side has a plethora of moves. He You bully you. He You hump you, he You rip you. He he does it all. His, his his his his his playbook is, is Limitless can. And unfortunately he suffered, suffered a very gruesome injury before Sunday. Ocho the largest home defeat in Jerry era came in 2001. They lost 36 to three. There have been on three other home losses.


That have been larger margins of defeats in team history. For the third straight game, the Cowboys Facet big halftime deficit re moment 27 6 against the Lions They were down 21 6 against the Ravens They were down 35 16 against the Saints and at the Wild card game They were down 27, 20 27 20. No, 27 7 at halftime. Oh, by the way, happy birthday Jerry Ocho. I don't know if you re moment this but ain't nothing worse to getting the ass whipped on your birthday. Wait, how, how old Jerry turn? 84. Okay, My bad.


82 can because You can older than my mom can. My mom turned 81 in January. Ojo. You know how you get your birthday and you figure you You say and Odoo whatever you want to and get your ass cut on your birthday by your grandma or your mom. Grandma ain't grandma ain't play That What. I mean how That feel Jerry? I Ain't even taking no chances back then. I mean to get your ass tore up on your birthday That, that's the worst kind can. And then because you know you normally gonna have your cousins over or something like That and you show out. Oh can oh boy. You being Manish huh? Can, Ain't nobody trying to be Manish. You just wanna beat me in front of my cousin. That's it. But it That Hey They put That thing on them.


That was bad boy. The Ravens beat the Commanders 30 23 for their four straight wins. They Ply was nine catches a buck 32 at the half the most yards and a half in, in Raven's history. He didn't see a target the rest of the game and the Ravens roll, Lamar and Company gobbled up 484 yards 28. First down the 2024 Ravens are the first team since John Madden 1971. Raiders with 150 Plus Russian yards and at least one touchdown in each of their first six games of the season. Excuse me, They racked up 176 rush yards on the day with the reigning MVP throwing for 323 yards. Ocho are We looking at another MVP season for L Jack.


Hell can shit the way you got damn plan even with the slow start, even with the slow start in order to dig yourself out, That out That hole. You got have the right person with They goddamn shovel. You hear me? And the person That got That shovel is Lamar Jackson and he playing hell of a ball, hell of a ball. Listen, he is a good thrower of the goddamn fucking football. Yes, I heard Ryan Clark say something where he said at this point in his, in just five games, That Jayden Daniels is a better passer of the ball than Lamar Jackson. Lamar Jackson has showed, even though he was considered a running back, coming out in the draft or saying he should been playing maybe wide receiver, he has honed the skill of being a good thrower of the ball.


Yes, but ac he's accurate. He got touched, he got precision. I mean, What else can you ask for he You, he You throw, he You throw you a goddamn bullet or he You touch That thing in There like a goddamn fairy. He's s good at What. He does, if you watch the game today, I'm going to hike the ball, I'm gonna get the ball and my first mindset is to throw the ball first to go through my reads. I'm gonna read my progression. Hell, if I got enough time, I'm gonna go back through my progression again. And if I gotta run It, I'm gonna run it. He, boy That's, that's dangerous. I think the most impressive thing about Lamar Ocho is That. He's gotten better at throwing the football every single year can And all We said, We don't need, first of all it would be unfair, grossly unfair.


If it's passing ability ever surpassed it. His running ability That wouldn't even be fair. You'd have to outlaw it Can. That's not fair. The guy was 26, 20 of 26 3 23 a touchdown and interception. He got sacked twice. I You live with That but Ocho I re moment after the first game What did. I tell the Ray They should Odoo What Derrick Henry Put him in the goddamn eye. That's when he is most efficient. Tosses and straight down motherfucking hill with the fullback. Goddammit, Since They put his ass in the eye, That man is running wild. Can, He's on pace. He's on pace for another 2000 yard season, which would, if he got 2000 yards and another season 'cause no back has ever done 2000.


Right? more than once. Just go ahead and put him in the hall. Can oh can He's at Long O They. Run it. They run it. You know how difficult they're going to be to be. Yes, Especially, but the way They playing right now. I'm not sure. At some point, you know, you know you always have a game. I call It a trap game. You always have trap game. I'm not sure when That trap game's gonna come where It just seem nothing goes right and nothing actually works. But with the way They going right now, you can't stop. You can't stop him. Now not only can you not stop the running game, if you can't stop the running game, It makes the pass the game That much easier. That, that's What because think about it.


When Lamar's throwing the ball to the tight end Mark Andrews, he's throwing the ball to likely can Likely They They so far open. Because why you gotta get open, you gotta get That safety down. 'cause you can't stop with the light box. And Lamar is dealing, I mean he's dealing, I mean he's hitting likely he loves throwing to his tight end. Mark Andrews was always his favorite. But now he has a guy in say flowers. He not That, big Ocho Can. Oh he can get open now. He can go now. Hey. He You go Hey. They can't touch him in a phone booth. Uhuh, he You go. He's unbelievable. Can They like That. He, he's, he's, he's unbelievable. He's playing.


But the Ravens, they're playing unbelievable. They're playing unbelievable football because they're so balanced. can guess What O Joe 26. Ru They had 26 pass attempts, 37 rush attempts. And They gonna two clock up because when you run the ball, like They can run it, it's gonna be tough for you to stop him. It's tough. It's gonna be tough for you to stop him. It's really That simple, right? And They the Ray, look the commanders were good. I mean you can't, Jayden Daniels, he was 24 35, 2 69 2 touchdowns. They didn't run the ball nearly well enough. And so the Ravens were, was were did a great JLab They ran the ball 18 times for 52 yards.


That's not good enough. That's less than three. That's less than three yards of Carry Joe. Right? You ain't, you ain't, you ain't putting no fear, nobody hard running less the ball less than three yards of carry. But the Ravens defensively They got after It They. Only They were sacked him three times. But the offense good when They hum me. Like That can, good They gonna be hard to beat Can, I mean, They'll be hard to beat. You know, What, the funny thing is, even in the loss, even in the loss, That They Jay Daniel still look good. Even the loss. Oh can, but, but the but the thing you have to, you have to understand, you have to understand who They playing. They ain't playing the goddamn ravening defense every goddamn week, then you're not playing a juggernaut, a juggernaut of an offense like That every week.


So I can see them beating everyone else in the NFL if so happen. They have to play 'em until you get to like, until you get to let's, let's say the playoffs where the teams are obviously going to be That much better since They were able to make It. But I mean listen, the the, the commanders have no reason to hang their head. Obviously you, you, you lost to a, a very, very good team today. But when you think about It, you run down. If you look at the, the rest of the NFL, how many teams Odoo you think it really go can really beat and play with the commanders right now with the kind of quarterback play That they're getting from Jayden Daniels Ain't too many got There. Many ain't Too many, okay. For sure, for sure. But I mean you had, look, you have to be impressed with Jayden Daniels can, he went head to head, he went head to head with number one overall draft pick.


Joe Burrow. He beat him. can he went head to head with number one overall draft pick. Kyle Murray, he beat him. He lost to Lamar. But look, he ain't got nothing to hold his head down because he played well. can hell no, he played, he played well. Lamar is just Lamar he's just Lamar can. And so like Hey maybe next time. But the Ravens with That offense when They can run the football, like They can run it and They can throw it. Lamar is dealing like he's dealing, they're gonna be awful difficult to be Ocho. can the go to the Buckers go to go ahead. What you saying my Bad? No, I'm just gonna say the commanders didn't have Brian Robinson also today. Who would've, who would've made a difference in the running game as well.


So The bucks go to New Orleans, drop 51 on them. can Tampa finished with 594 total yards converted six of ten first downs with third downs. You mean 36 to ten third downs average 8.3 yards of play. One time of possession by with eight minutes Ocho Just think about this. can Baker Mayfield threw four touchdowns but he also had three interceptions. They scored 51 points and turned the ball over three times. That's that's crazy. Chris, God wouldn't had 11 catches for 125 yards and two touchdowns. Hey What the hell happened.


The Saints Hey. Hi La Latimore and Mike Evans go at it. This is the one game I this is the one game, the one game I couldn't see. This is the one game I had every, I had every game on, on the TV set up at Twin Peaks. And the one game I couldn't get was this one. No, Mike Evans was quiet. He had two catches for 34 yards. Dang. They ran the ball. They ran the ball for 2 77, 35 rushes 2 77. Bakker had 24 completions for 3 25 and four touchdowns. But just let That sink in Ocho you turned the ball over three times and you dropped 51 points.


That. Oh wait, how many, how many of those points were on defense? The defense scored. Defense is score hitting, That's all. Offense can 50 can a 50 ball. Yep. They Mu They must have been playing in Tampa. Didn't know They played in New Orleans. They put up a 50 ball in the, in the Superbone Mercedes Benzone. Yep. Hey Put Pusy On them. Hey. Hey Baker. Baker Mayfield. Man, I listen when They Odoo a story when They or They Odoo, when you talk about adversity and overcoming unfortunate circumstance after, after having high expectations, after coming out and getting drafted, number one.


And you know, things don't work out where you get drafted to in Cleveland and you know, you have a stint in, in LA you have a stint in Carolina and all of a sudden you just, you you find the right, the right, the right situation in Tampa and, and shit. Just, just fucking going good for buddy man. I like That. I like That for Bako. Hold on. Did Tampa had, did Tampa return a, a fumble before a touchdown? Who fum the ball? New Orleans had three interceptions. Fumble lost a fumble and They were return for a touchdown.


can can Hey Hey. How, how Hey Spencer Rat had to start, did They Spencer rap look good today? 22 or 42 43. One touchdowns tour interceptions. Oh, okay. Ah, well, you know, little debut. Little debut. You gonna have a He played, he played well the first half and then him being a rookie They kind of got exotic. They kind of got after him a little bit. Ocho Oh, They heated him up. And you know Todd Bowles, he likes the pressure. Oh can, Oh, can he loved, he loved to bring pressure and can got kind of got him off his kil, got him off, got him off kilter a little bit and They ran away with it.


I just couldn't, I just couldn't. I I don't, I don't know if I've seen a game like this can where Baker, where a quarterback turns the ball over like he did That Much Can and They put up 51. I mean, you know, when you think about it, I mean the Saints weren't able to Odoo anything with those turnovers I'm assuming. Huh? They scored a couple. But once They got, once They got going in the second half, right, it was like boom, like an avalanche boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. can can but Baker, man, you gotta give him a lot of credit. They ran him by the Cleveland. He couldn't find, I don't even, I don't even hold Carolina against it. I That. No, That was, That was, I mean, I know he wanted to get out of Cleveland right from after They signed Deshaun and, and, and, and you know, he gave up some money to leave, but I can't even, I I ain't holding, I ain't holding Carolina against it 'cause everybody looked like trash in Carolina.


And then I so I wonder What They say I wonder What Canis is saying now because he got the briefs beat off him again by the Falcons. So whose fault is That? Oh okay. But, but for Bakker to Odoo What, he's been able to Odoo to turn it around. can he has weapons. Oh can. And man this little Irving and Tucker can running backs. They got Can boy it Nice. Huh? 14 for 1 36. 14 for 81 Sunday.


Lightning They. Were cooking They were cooking today. So the Tampa Bay Buccaneer is a four and two New Orleans Saints after That two and oh start lost four straight fall to two and four. And them boy is good too. But Hey, the sinks got a, the sink got a nice little offense. Black I You. Tell The Volume


CBS. Thursday, October 17th. Hi again. TV's Quirkiest crime solver. I'm ELs be Tassone. I work with the police Is back and ready to go toe to toe. Yes. With a cavalcade of guest stars. Odoo, you Have a devious mind. I'm a Lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for Anything out of the ordinary. That Sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. ELs Beth is all new CBS Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus.


Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want To get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather slots. Someday I will call upon you to Odoo a service For me. Play the Godfather now@choacasino.com. Welcome To the family, No purchase necessary. VW group Avoid where prohibited by law. 18 Plus terms and conditions apply


State, Farm and DJ dramas from life. As a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now We have a level of privilege. That, our parents never had. So What, Odoo, We, Odoo with it right? How Odoo We, how Odoo We utilize the opportunities That We have That They don't. Right? And a lot of That is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes They did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network


Broker brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings You can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champions League match. Live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.