
The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible Vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services, LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill for foot and created by Ben Watkins. This killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't because I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video. Watch now.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. Check out bows.com.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the flocked Starry light Frazier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive games coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UA four Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports


The Volume.


The Emirates BA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's called money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Thank you for joining us for an episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp. That guy right there is your favorite Liberty City native. He's a bingo ring of Fame honoree. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. According to Adam as chef, the Bill Belichick seen as a likely to be among Jerry Jones top head coach. Options chef said lots of speculation swirling about the cowboy, what the cowboys would do. People have even, even thought about Coach Belichick having been spotted in Dallas last week. It can be confirmed that Bill Belichick was in Dallas last week, but it was the, it wasn't to meet with the Cowboys. It was for a previous speaking engagement.


Still, that doesn't stop the idea that there are people across the league who continue to believe that Coach Belichick will be one of the top considerations for Jerry Jones after the season. Bill was not pleased with Dallas's effort tonight against Joe Mme. Mixon go tackle him. You wear pads for a reason. Go tackle him. IIII don't see it. I don't, I don't see it. If you understand, for those that are in the chat, if you understand how Bill is, if you understand how he runs his ship, how he runs his ship, one of the main things that he, that he talks about is not talking no bulletin board material, keeping quiet. And to have an owner like Jerry Jones at the front center of everything.


I think maybe he would like it in a sense. The fact that it takes away from him having to talk and be in front of the camera, in front of the media. He takes that spotlight. I think it's something that Bill might not like, but I think it gives too much bulletin board material to the other team and unnecessary pressure on the players as well. But what happens when Coach Belichick comes in, comes and say, this roster is not good enough to compete. Right. Everybody on that roster is there at the behest of Jerry. How is that gonna make Jerry look when he said nobody can do a better job selecting these players than me. And Coach Belichick comes in there and says, I mean that's, that's a conversation that would be had way beforehand.


I'm I'm not sure if, if, if even, you know, bill was able to even think about taking the, taking the job in Dallas. I mean he would understand. Obviously I don't have a roster to be able to compete and he would probably tell Jerry no nor knowing Bill, who was a very, very honest, if he able to talk to 'em one-on-one man, Jerry, you, you, you lying. Not, not only to yourself, you lying to the fans. If you think, Chad, you got some fuzz on your neck, bro. Yeah, I got it. Yeah. Sorry. You got No you didn't. Yeah, go ahead. It's gone. Okay. Okay. Appreciate that. Appreciate you're a good dude. 'cause you could just had me up here all fussy the whole show.


I appreciate that. Yeah. Hey, but hey, you know, knowing Bill, knowing Bill, oh man, she, he'll tell Jerry right away, listen, I can't do nothing with this. I can't do nothing with this. Don't, don't give me scraps that I'm not, I don't mean to be disrespectful to the player. Don't give me scraps and tell me to make a, make a gourmet meal. I'm not gonna be able to do it. It's not gonna work. Right. But it's just hard. And I know people have said that. Coach Belichick says he doesn't need control. But it's hard when you've had control for two plus decades that all of a sudden says, you know what, I answer to a GM or I got a pro personnel director and I got an answer to the owner when you've never had Right.


You had a direct line of communication straight to the owner. It, I, it, I'm not saying it can't happen, but it's just hard for me to believe, to see a scenario that he can just give up that kind of autonomy when he's had it for such a long time After understanding the way Bill runs his ship in order and, and I don't need you in my way. I don't need you in my way. And doing what it takes to build a contender. I know what it takes. You've done it before. You have some war ring. I have some bowl rings. I think, I think if I'm not mistaken, bill has two more than, two more than the Cowboys, right? He has, he has six. The Cowboys have five, but he has two as a defensive coordinator.


Damn. So he has eight total. He went two with the Giants. He the D coordinator with the Giants eight. At that point, Jerry, should, you know what I give you the reins. If I'm just saying, hypothetically speaking, if it's, if it's ever to happen, Jerry had to take a seat. He gotta take a seat. He gotta take a back seat. Let Bill does what he, he's already done. He's already done. He knows what it takes. And this time in this era, he knows what the roster needs to look like. He knows what pieces need to do when it comes draft, when it comes draft time. Nobody does it better than Bill when it comes to breaking down film and understanding what type of players I need to build a team. Where'd Jerry relinquish that power? Would Jerry like names Bill, like guys that fit a particular scheme.


He likes smart players. He like players that fit a safety that'll be a certain size, a linebacker to be a certain size defensive lineman to be a certain size. It's hard. Everybody can't play d-line in the scheme because his d-line is the eat up players and let the linebacker free flow and go make plays. That's how, that's how he operates. He is a, he's a two gap guy. He doesn't want you to run the football. Everybody has a responsibility. Do your responsibility. And, and I think this is work. I'm gonna put you in the right situation for you to do your job, but it's gonna be very interesting to see what the Cowboys do for the rest of the season. Joe Burrow is on pace to finish the season as an early vacation, despite leading the NFL in passing yards and passing touchdown. Joe Burrow is projected to finish with four hundred and forty six hundred eighty yards.


42 touchdowns in six interceptions. Which should yeah, potentially win him the MVP. But guess what? He ain't gonna get no votes. But instead he has a sub 500 record and his team is a joke through the first 11 games. The Bengals are four and seven. Joe has 3,200, 3028 passing yards, 27 touchdowns and four interceptions players to achieve 3000 passing yards, 27 plus touchdowns and a five or fewer interceptions through 11 games. Tom Brady in 27, 2007, 20 15, 1 season he was 16 to old. The other season he was 13 and three. Aaron Rogers in 2020 in 2011.


2021 In 2020. Excuse me. Yeah, he was 15 and one, 13 and three. Patrick Mahomes in 2020, he was 14 and two. Drew Brees, 2018 he was 13 and three. You, you, you, you, you, you, you see, I think Brady won MVP in both of those seasons, didn't he? Aaron Rogers, I think Aaron Rogers won the MVP in both of those seasons. I think Patrick Mahomes won the MVP. So because he's four and seven, regardless of what the numbers numbers are, there's no way you win. Well obviously Jerry Golf, Jerry, Jerry go and, and, and Josh. Well you got Jerry golf playing well enough to win it. You got in Buffalo? Yeah.


J Josh Allen playing well enough. You got Sequan Barkley. Yeah. So how do you give it to a guy? 'cause at the end of the day, he putting up all those stats in a losing effort. Oh, You know, I mean Yeah, if he, if he was winning. Oh, Joe, yeah. Let's just say for the sake of argument, I ain't saying he needed to be 10 and one, but let's just say for the sake of argument, he's seven and three in one or he's eight and three different conversation. Now we got a whole different discussion, different conversation with those types of numbers. Yeah. But yeah, he's having, he's having a heck of a season. He's a heck of a player. Yeah. He's the number one overall pick four reason. He got two outstanding receivers. His defense and he has to put up those type numbers.


Yeah. Because his defense is bad. O Joe. People wanna know, is Joe Burrow being wasted in Cincinnati? That's a good, That's a good question. I I wouldn't say, I wouldn't say he's being wasted in Cincinnati. Think about it. Hypothetically speaking, obviously Joe's gonna be there for a decade. A decade plus or more. Where else can he go? Where else would he go where it wouldn't be wasted? 'cause all the other opportunities and other chances for him to be on a team that is good, that had the chance to win a Super Bowl already have quarterbacks. Huh? Think about it. Even, even, even if you throw out a hypothetical, what situation would be better than what he's in right now with the offense that he has, even though the defense is bad, any team that has a good defense, I guarantee they already have a quarterback.


Think about it. Yeah, I mean, I mean Oh sure, I understand what he's Bill of saying and saying, you know, it's being wasted, but there's a reason he's the quarterback. So the point of what they have to do is every team is a quarterback away from winning a Super Bowl or being able to contend. So the Bengals are in a position to contend year in and year out because of who they have at the ham at quarterback. Now that what you have to do is you gotta bill around him. They already bill around him offensively. Now you gotta bill the defense against Well it's gonna cut. Well, it's gonna hurt you because you got a quarterback on max money, a receiver that's not gonna give you a discount because you jerked them around. So what you coulda got, yeah. For say 145 million is gonna probably cost you 1 55, 1 60 and he's gonna want 90 million in guaranteed money.


So that's the problem that you run into when you kick the can down the road. It's a great thing to have. 'cause that means the guy that you selected in the first round, you hit on. Yeah. The bad news is you gotta pay him. You're probably gonna think about it Ocho, you're probably gonna lose Hendrickson. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Remember he wanted more money. He lose Him right now too. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You gonna lose him. You got, you need to. He tackle you need he tackle. Yeah. Well you let Rita go so big time. You, y'all got your work cut out for you Kicker. Evan McPherson has basically cost the Bengals three to four wins and a K lost to KC 26 25.


He missed a extra point. Lost to Washington. He missed a field goal. 38 33 lost to Baltimore. Missed a field goal. 41 38, lost to the Chargers. He missed two field goals. 34 27. Hey, same thing with Justin Tucker. You know, I think, I think we can go down to a list of numerous games that have happened throughout the season where I hate saying it, where it shouldn't come down to the kicker, but it actually comes down to the kicker's foot. It actually comes down to him being, damn, what's the word I'm looking for? For kickers? Him being accurate. You know, for, for lack. For the lack of better terms. And yes, listen, that's a very, very, very tough spot to be in where you can't miss field goals. The, the goalposts a lot more, a lot, a lot narrower now know, being, being able to, being able to hit him.


You know, I heard Justin Tucker, you know, complaining about, about the surface and listen, it, it had nothing to do with that. It it all, yeah. Oh, Joe, yeah. Lemme ask you a question. What if I put Joe, what if I put Joe Burr in Minnesota? Oh my God. With that defense. Well, he might as well. He Might as well. You might, He might. He still got jj, he got Adams. That's, that's he got Adamson. He got Kinon, but they got JJ McCarthy. So as, as a hypothetical speaking on it, you might as well get him the trophy.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pets Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services, LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Thursday the AFCs oldest rivalry is rekindled as the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kaleigh Hartung. For this exciting matchup. I love high level defense. The A FC North, you always gotta buckle your chin strap and get ready because defenders are coming off that edge. Ready to take you out. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight. Live from Cleveland. Not a Prime member, not a problem. Simply Sign up for a free 30 day trial and you can cancel at any time. So Steelers in the Browns at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile Congratulates, Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in Toms, the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic alga slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim. Seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school. Drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect for date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wakeford Chambers League. The best club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Chambers League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. There are some massive games coming up, including buy-in versus p and g on Tuesday, November 26th, and then Liverpool versus Raw Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. If champions, plan champions, and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Dream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Wait for Champions League. And you can try it for free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


Josh Allen has officially overtaken Lamar as the MVP front runner. Josh Allen is now a plus one 50. Lamar Jackson is a plus 200. Jerry Goff is a plus 600. Jalen Hertz is fourth with plus 1200. Patrick Mahomes is plus 1300. And Kyle Murray is plus 1500. And the regular season Josh Allen has passed for 2,543 yards. Eight, which is seventh 18 touchdowns, which is sixth five interceptions. He's tied for fifth. I mean he's tied for 57th, which is a good thing. And his QBR of 72.6 puts him in fourth Lamar, he's second in passing yards 2,876.


He's second in touchdowns 25. He's tied for 47 with three interceptions. He's number two in QBR 75.1. Hey you, you know what? You know what's funny? Everything the way you just ran it down. Yes sir. With golf, probably golf and, and Josh Allen obviously being the back, back and forth, it's gonna change because Lamar Lamar's not gonna play another bad game like he did against Link against the Steelers. He's gonna come out and he's going to be the front runner again because then go out and he's gonna put on an unbelievable performance. I'm not sure who, I'm not sure what their schedule is or who they plan next, but the other teams aren't used to them. It's not a divisional game. It's not going to be a divisional game. They're not going to have the structured defense to be able to contain him the way the Steelers do.


The Steelers are built to be able to stop a player like himself because they're used to seeing him and understanding that team's tendencies offensively. So he gonna come out, he gonna have one hell of a day, do some crazy stuff on the ground, do some crazy stuff in the air, and he's gonna be back at the number one spot to an MVP. I guarantee you guarantee. Yeah. I mean, look, look, I mean he has another game against the Steelers. Steelers have given them problems. One four. Where he has a tough game though. Steelers one in four. Yeah, he has another game. But this game is at home against the Steelers. Where, where what? What do they have? They got the Steelers.


I think they got another game against Cleveland. Yeah, At Chargers this week. He's at the Chargers this week. Eagles at home, at Giants home versus Steelers at Texans home versus the Brown. So it ain't like he got some On the, again, every, every team you just named don't have the personnel like the Seales do to be able to stop what he's able to do and what he does. Well What about the personnel going up against his defense? What about the Eagle's offense against, against that defense? What about the Texans offense against that?


Hey you, you, Hey, can I tell you something? ZII know the people you do know you Raven team is dead last in the secondary when it comes against the past 30 seconds. I've been trying in 30 seconds. But see, when I tell people that, they say, well you trying to, you trying to, no, I'm, if you see when people tell me, oh, now you could tell Shannon didn't watch the game. You watching it, but you don't know what the hell you looking for. Right. You like a blind dog in a meat house. You can't tell me fronts. You can't tell me coverages. You can't tell me formations. Right? You can't tell me anything. All you watching for is touchdowns and sacks. I'm watching to understand why they have success. So while you tell me I'm not watching it, you watching it, but you don't know what the hell you looking at.


Yeah. It's like you watching a foreign film and they got subtitles. Unless they give you subtitles, you don't know what the hell you looking at. I've been telling them, but they gave me excuse. Wait till this guy comes back. Wait till that guy comes back. Well I saw you guys in there when you had those guys in. Your defense was still bad in past defense. Much Better, much, much better. Stop at the run that, that, that, that second level. At some point in time, fans gonna have to understand. Everybody is not a hater. Sometimes people are just trying to give you information. Our job is sometimes to be, is to be entertaining, is to be informative, to be educational. Okay? Yes, I say a lot of things in a joking manner, but I'm actually giving you factual information if you just listen to it.


But you don't want to because you wanna paint this narrative that, oh, Shannon is a hater. But listen what Shannon said. When it come back, what I tell you then you talking about, oh, oh, I could captain obvious. Well, you didn't say it Right, But if people don't, just don't wanna get no credit, boy, if people don't wanna get no credit, ooh. Because if I didn't, if I didn't say it, why didn't you say it before I said it when I knew that? No you didn't. 'cause I take you to the black. I'll take you to the board and say, oh, draw me a cover six, draw me a cover. Seven, gimme fire zone. Okay, gimme this formation, give this protection. I want you to redirect What you mean by that?


No, you know, you watching the games, you should know. I, I don't, I don't think the casual, the casual fan can't do that. Hell know they can't. But they just wanna jump on your timeline and try to and try to. Well, he ain't watching the game. I am watching the game. I also know that when you throw the ball more than you running ever, Raven, you lose. I mean, That's what I do right there. I'm the one that's saying, put Derrick Henry in the eye. Ain't nobody else say that. Yeah, I said it from the drum. Oh, Joe. I said he's not his own read back because he's a long strider and you don't get, you need, he needs time to be able to redirect when you put him that close to the line.


He's such a long strider, he can't re back his feet. Barry Sanders, a short strider can do a he perfect. That's perfect for him. But Derrick Henry needs to be able to change direction. He needs to be able to check his feet and cut back, get back downhill. That's why you put his heels at eight. You toss it to him, you hand it to him and boom. Now whoever drew up that damn play that they tossed that ball to Derrick Henry and they let TJ Watt come in there and blow his ass up. They should have put him back there and running back and let the same thing happen. Don't block TJ Watt and let TJ Watt I TJ knock his ass in Back. The right tackle should've known better. I'm not sure what the blocking assignment was, but why would you let TJ Watt run SCO free with the pitch, even though the pitch is going the opposite way still every time he, he gonna get there every time.


Yes. I'm just like, I'm like, who, who thought that was a good idea and we gonna run this tall play week, but we gonna unblock TJ Watt. Okay. And you see what happened Damn near got digger. And I'm like, that's why I start playing running back 'cause I got tired of my bad sharp. Well, it ain't your bad. I'm way down the damn field. I I ain't gotta worry about my bad. I ain't gotta worry about my bad on you. I got tired of you. Damn my bad. That's me. That's on me, bro. Right. Dude. Done got me looking at my ear hole. But you talking about your bad. What'd that do? Hey, Crowd is, Hey, speaking of that, think about how bad it's for quarterbacks when the o line is playing bad when they can't block and the quarterback continues to get sacked over and over and over and you can't fuss at them.


Then you have to keep your, your your mannerisms and, and, and your face expressions has to be on point. You do no matter how many times you get hit in the game. Imagine I wanted that's Yeah. Oh, Joe, with with lemme ask you a question. Right. When the Cowboys fell behind by 10, 13 points with no threat of the running game, what you think the Texas is thinking? Yeah. They ain't playing for no draw. They're not playing for no run. Yeah, absolutely. They pinning their ears back. Absolutely. You everybody in the stadium know you not gonna run it and now you made it very, it's very, I don't care who your offensive linemen are, you let them jokers know that every single down you going to throw it.


Yeah. Make no sense. Daniel Jones messed up, was demoted to third string quarterback with the two and a Giants on their bi-week. This was a logical time to change and give, give back up. Danny DeVito, who was chosen over number two quarterback Drew Locke to prepare Ocho. If I'm gonna lose, I don't want nobody to get anything, any chance, right. Of thinking we gonna win this game. Who lock gonna go in there and try to win this game and try to show he deserve a chance? No. Hit your as. Dan, Dan, Danny, Danny, Danny DeVito. Not that bad now Man, look here. Danny DeVito. That's exactly right. Hold on. You got his name right? Danny DeVito. Tommy, his real name. Tommy.


Tommy. But you right Danny. Yep. Hold on. That's him. That's him. Yep. He gonna give you, he gonna give you the same results as Dan DeVito. You, you wanna make a little bet you wanna make, make a little bet coming out the buy come, come out. The buy for the Giants The only thing that survive this season. Bye. That's Tommy. Tommy, Vito, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy. I'm talking about Devi. Vito Bro. Think about the ocho. Yes sir. Drew, think about this. Yeah. Drew Locke was the second string. They promoted the third string, which tells me, oh yeah, we want the high draft pick. Drew Locke could potentially win a game.


We ain't finna win with him. Jones Benches single, the end of his six year run in John with the Giants and started quarterback. The Giants went 13 and three in games started by Jones over the past two seasons. And they ranked last in the league in scoring his career record is 24 44 and one. Hey, gimme those stats that gave Morning Icho. I'm gonna give you he's 24. He started what? 70 games? He's 24. Yeah. Dang. 44 in one ocho. They gave this man a contract extension. $40 million, 160 on 60. Now you tell me you as you're pulling up.


No, I want his record. 20 19, 20 21 before he got Yeah, no, I I don't, yeah, everybody know, everybody know he the Panthers talking about reportedly have, have interest in Daniel Jones. Yes, sir. Oh, Joe. He started 12 games. His rookie of, he went three and nine. The next season he went five and nine. The next season he wins four and seven. He goes 9 61 and he gets a contract extension. Now see, you see what they did. They disregarded the previous three season a big sample size for the small sample size because we want to justify giving this man this money.


You see what they did? You see now we gonna disregard the three and nine. We gonna disregard the five and nine we gonna disregard. Now he had, he had 11 to, okay, what'd he have? He had 11 touchdowns, 10 interceptions, 10 touchdowns, seven interceptions. He went 15 and five. Let's give him a raise That, that they, that 15 and five look good though. That 15 and five and nine six record that looked good. Okay. Maybe he's going in the right, in the right direction after the first three years or the first two. No, the first three, he didn't look like he should boom. The year where it counts, which you would call it a contract where you wanna give a quarterback some money. They saw the improvement as opposed to the small sample size that they did see. Okay, maybe he's proven out.


This is, They made Lamar Jackson play under the franchise tag after he wanted MVP. But that ain't none of my business. I don't even know why I brought it up, Joe. Let me keep my mind shut. Because first of all, quarterback is the only position Yeah. That you get paid on potential. They won't let, if Jamar Chase wasn't doing what he was doing, he can't get no money. They can't say, well, you know what, I think Lamar, Lamar, excuse me. Right, right. Jamar Chase heading in the right direction. Right. Let's give him, let's give him top number one receiver money. All the guys name a position other than quarterback that you get paid on attention. I'm not saying Joe, Joe Bur, I mean, guy, there are guys that earn that money, but a lot of these quarterbacks get paid on.


Man, I believe he's turned the corner. They don't never pay another position believing that he's turned the corner And, and there's, there's a whole nother conversation and I, I don't wanna go there, but you did bring it up. You know, it was the elephant in the room. You talk about they made Lamar Jackson play on the what? Okay. Franchise tag. But they didn't make, even If they wasn't the MVP, That's another conversation. Yeah. I, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't breaking no, I I don't think I'm breaking everybody. Everybody say it. Yeah. Hell, the three Blind Mind saw it. Oh damn. That's up. Oh.


But hey it, sir, it couldn't happen to a better organization than the Giants sirs. The right, 'cause you didn't wanna play Sayquan. You know, they, they don't, they don't value the running back position as they said Phil did. Now look at 'em. Look at, look at Joe Mixon. What he's, look at what Joe Mixon is doing for the Houston Texans. Joe Derrick Henry can do that when they give him the ball. We see what he does for the Ravens offense. He makes them almost un undefinable, indefensible. Excuse me.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from Pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Thursday the AFCs oldest rivalry is rekindled as the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kaylee Hartung For this exciting matchup I love high level defense. The a C North, you always gotta buckle your chin strap and get ready because defenders are coming off that edge. Ready to take you out. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight. Live from Cleveland. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply Sign up for a free 30 day trial and you can cancel at any time. So Steelers in the Browns at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


Did you know there's no Tom at Tom's? The shoe company you know and love Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Tom's, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic all for forgot slip bombs. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them. A win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop all your Fall Family footwear@toms.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wakeford Chambers League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway and it's bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Chambers League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. There are some massive games coming up, including buy-in versus PNG on Tuesday, November 26th, and then Liverpool versus Raw Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. If Champions playing Champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day and the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Dream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Wait for Champions League. And you can try it for free@paramountplus.com slash live sports


Joey. Porter Jr sells will call tickets for 400 a piece over the weekend. Talk ball with Joey Porter Jr. He did Black and Thg follow, huh? Yeah, no, no, I'm saying I'm this guy did. Right. Joey Porter family Joey Porter Jr family sells his tickets. Right. Okay. Joey Porter Jr family sells tickets, sells will call tickets for 400 a piece over the weekend. Talk ball with Joy Porter's family. The, they did the blackest thing possible. They sold their world call tickets for 400 a piece. I seen nephew play enough ball. I know what he do. Respect. Make, make it a business. Make it a business. Yeah.


That was funny. Yes Sir. Hey Ocho, would you care if your family sold tickets you left for them at will? Call No Pro. Probably not Pro, probably not. I'm leaving tickets for your will call that I'm probably getting for free anyway. And if you wanna make a little, make a little side money on that, you know, I'm, I have no, I have, I have no problem with your hustle. I have no problem with your hustle. 'cause that means you ain't gonna be asking me for no money and Nah, I'm trying to think What you think. I I y'all the game it depending on who we playing, they definitely ain't coming. They're showing up, But you already know.


But I mean, for the most part, Don, you like if I leave somebody ticket say will call especially my family, I already know they coming because first of all, they stay with me or they stay at the hotel that I paid for. Right, right, right. So I do they bringing as like, as to the game. So I I I I've never really thought about it. No, Joe, Just for the case, for the scenario you're talking about. I mean I, I I can I I don't really see any family member. Oh yeah. As a matter of fact, I did. I got my homeboy, I got bucket tickets right to the Super Bowl and they ended up, I guess they left more than what they should, man. He said homeboy, I sold them tickets. I said, well what my cut both folk, how you gonna, how you gonna sell something I gave you?


Yeah, I man that finance my, my trip. That's funny. No, but I you like, I'm like yo, I ain't, I ain't cried over that hell because you leave 'em low enough hell, they'll sell them. The team will pull up and sell them. So you got a, a certain amount of time to get your ass to the game. Yeah. Or they gonna sell them. Oh well the Bill's hand, the Chiefs the first loss of the season. Josh Allen Rush's for late touchdown on fourth down. I don't know what the Chiefs were thinking. They know they're gonna put the ball in Josh's hand and he's gonna run it. Gotta have a he's he's gonna run it. That's what he's done every time against the Kansas City Chiefs. When they get the fourth down, they get to 31. That's what you're supposed to do. Put the ball in your best player's hand and let him do what he does.


But the bills put up 30 points against the Kansas City's defense that hadn't allowed more than 30 points since week four of 2022 for Mahome to throw two interceptions all improves the four and one in the regular season over Mahomes Buffalo is now nine and two a half gained back of Kansas City for the best record in the A FC Look. Isn't that, I mean people see the thing that I hate Ocho is that like when we analyze a critique a great player and that's what Mahomes is. He's a historically great player. Yes sir. People's like, well Mahomes not playing well and when you say that people think that you're trying to take away from what he's already done.


No he's done that. No, I'm talking about right now. Nobody can end their that even if you were the most ardent die hardest of Chiefs fans thinks Mahomes is playing Well he's not. That doesn't mean, and because he's not playing well that doesn't mean, do you believe he could turn it around? Yes. But let's deal with what we need to deal with. Look how many interceptions he has as opposed to touchdowns. Yeah. It's damn near like every game you pencil in, Mahomes gonna turn the ball over at least once. At least once. He's not playing well he has not played well this year.


He's had moments in which he's played well. But the totality, Mahomes used to play clean for the entirety of the game. He would go stretches where he'd have 5, 6, 7, 8 games and he would be virtually impeccable. Now you hope you can get five or six possessions in which he's impeccable but he's not playing well the defense gave up 30. Like I said, think about it and see this is what normally happens. You know it's gonna be a situation Ocho somebody is gonna put points on your defense. Yeah. This is where Mahomes needed to have that game to go get 31. Yeah. To go get 34.


So that's the question that you're gonna have to ask yourself. Chiefs fans follow the NFL. If somebody can have have a day in which they get up on the Chiefs and have better than normal day against that defense and Patrick Mahomes and this offense out dual and opposing teams offense. It used to be a No doubt it used to be, unless you score 28 or 30 points, you couldn't beat the Chiefs. Right. Well, well, well honestly, if you think about it and when it comes to the regular season, now the bills are four and one against the Chiefs. Yeah.


But what counts when we talk about that dueling situation where it matters most. Right. And Patrick Mahome coming, coming in and playing his best football in Opportune Times has been in the postseason where they are three and oh against the bills. So again, in the regular season, for some reason the bills the always had success when it comes to playing the Chiefs. But when it mattered most, when it mattered most in the postseason, Patrick Mahome has always come on top in those dual games like that. But again, not to take anything away from the bills and what they did today. Hell I even, I even had the bills. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody, I think everybody should have. I think the thing is Ocho is that people are like, well Mahomes Mahomes, but we've never seen Mahome play stretches like this.


That's the difference. Yeah. We know what he is, we know what he's done. But we haven't seen him play like this. We haven't. He had, he had worthy wide open and he throws him, leaves him out of bounds, he leaves him up the field. It's a touchdown. It's, it is plays like that that he used to never miss. And now more, more, it's more routine to see him miss those throws than make those throws. Which is very uncommon is something that we're not used to seeing. The bills amount is five scoring drives of at least eight plays and 60 yards. Four of those plays ended on a touchdown and one ended the field goal.


So five of the six drives of at least eight plays and 60 yards ended in scores. Four tds one field goal. Josh Allen was 27 to 42 62. One touchdown one INT. They ran the ball 31 times for 104 yards. James Cook had two touchdowns and it was Josh Allen that sealed it laid on the fourth down 26 yard run. Patrick Al, I mean look at the 23 of 33 for 1 98. Has Patrick Holmes have a 300 yard game this year? He might have one.


Yeah. Maybe, maybe one. But again, you know, you know what else, what else? You know what else that comes into It makes it that much more difficult coming off a Super Bowl champion. I mean, coming off a Super Bowl with him, everybody target. Yeah, for sure. Everyone has studied, everyone has studied you. All your tendencies, everything you like to do. They studied your offense, they studied your quarterback. So it makes it that much more difficult Yeah. For Patrick Holmes in that offense. And the people have game plan and prepared to play you. So I think things are a little bit more difficult for them. And, and that's, that's on Andy Reed to continue to do what he does and being as creative as possible to, to throw the team that you're playing off because they're a little bit better prepared.


Yeah. But give Buffalo credit. Buffalo Buffalo is, is playing extremely well. Josh is is playing. He's running. Hey he, you look at 6 5 6 6 2 52 55 and he can run and he's a low Oh yeah. And once he, once he opens up man, who trying to tackle him? DBS ain't trying to tackle that man. Uhuh So bad please. And, but he's playing well he throw the ball back. I mean he's had what, consecutive games? Three consecutive games if I'm not mistaken, turning the ball over. But he didn't turn it over when they was in the red zone. 'cause a lot of times they was getting in trouble. He was throwing picks in the end zone. He was fumbling the ball in the red zone and he was taking potential points off the, the board.


Even though any driver could have ended in the in points, you know, but when you throw the ball in the end zone and it gets turned over, you know you are already in field goal range. But yeah. Dang. If I told you the quarterback has thrown in 11 games and 10 games have thrown for 2,400 yards, he has 15 touchdowns and 11 interceptions. What would you say Ocho? They probably losing. Thank you. They're probably losing if you don't put the, if you don't put the name, if you don't put the name and you just say the stats in general, a losing team and they're, whoever it is, is playing very bad, very bad.


And so, And the fact that it looks like that on and they're only, and they're still nine and one that says a lot about the player in general also as well. He's only had two games this season in which he has not thrown an interception. Yeah. Two games. How, how many 300 yard games Is he? Yeah, one against the saint. Only one. Yeah. Okay. Lamar can't get it done. He couldn't beat can't beat the Steelers again. Ocho, the Lamar, Jackson Steelers, Russ the Steelers beat Baltimore 1816. It's just been difficult for the Ravens to overtake the Steelers when Lamar continues to struggle against them. Now you know, the fans gonna come out there and say, well he ain't got no receivers and he ain't got this.


They gonna blame Todd Monkey for the call. 'cause it ain't Lamar played bad and he's played band more routinely than not when he is faced the Steelers. Go ahead. I have a question though. Yes. So about talking about the Raven Steelers game. Yes. Yes. Answer this for me. How, how many times did Derrick Henry cur carry the ball? They ran, Derrick Henry had 13 carries. They had the ball, they ran the ball 19 times for 1 24. Lamar Jackson threw the ball 33 times for 207 yards. Now we go back and look Cleveland, what was the ratio? But y'all don't wanna be y'all. But see when we try to tell you your, your, your recipe to make a great dish, that everybody in Baltimore, in Maryland and surrounding counties gonna love we hate.


But y'all keep doing it this way. But anyway, let me finish this Ocho the reigning MVP is now one in four against the Steelers after completing just 48% of his passes. 16 to 33, which does not include a desperation toss on a failed two point conversion. Justin Tucker missed two field goals. He missed field goals from 47 and 50 yards in the first quarter, which marked the first time since 2022 that he's failed to convert on back-to-back attempts. Tucker has now missed six field goals this season. Last season he only missed five. Tucker said the playing surface wasn't ideal. Tucker, how many years have you kicked in Pittsburgh? Every time. Name a time this time of year that the Steelers playing surface is ideal.


What we've seen from Tuck is that he's no longer automatic O Joe kicks from 50 55 and in they were money automatic. He could kick on the boom, he could kick in Pittsburgh, he could kick in Denver. It did not matter. But now they're, no, that's no longer the case because now what was, if the game was closed and you put it on the foot of Tuck, tuck was gonna handle it. What did, what did, what did they do first game? Have they, they played, who did the Ravens play the 49 ERs over the night? No, the Ravens played the Kansas City. Gimme the start. Let's let's see what the run ratio.


The pass ratio, because they've lost how many games have the Ravens lost four now, right? They've lost four. Let's, let's see the ratio run pass. We know they've lost when they passed the ball more against Cleveland and Pittsburgh. Let's see the other two losses. If the run ratio, what it was, Right? Pro. Pro probably. But We're Finn To find out because I, I wanna speculate. Let's, let's get this right because you know, Ocho they want us to be perfect. So let's make sure we are perfect. 'cause somebody gonna say, Ocho, they did blah, blah, blah. So we gonna make sure we got it right. Let, let's see what, let's see what the ratio is. Hey, you, you do know if Tuck, if Tuck makes one of those field goals, the, the Ravens win the game.


Right? Well if that's to say if Steelers cash one of those red zone possessions, you know, they win the game. Right? So if we doing hypotheticals, one team kicks kick six field goals from the Red Zone. Yeah. Zone six field goes off exactly the Steelers in the game without scoring a touchdown. Yes, In real life, this ain't no video game and defense boy, they know they were playing 32 of them running plays and they had 72. So that 74. So that means the other 40 was throwing, okay. So they threw it more against Kansas City than they ran it, right? They lost, they threw it more against the Steelers than they ran it.


And they lost, they threw it more against the Cleveland and they lost. What did they do against the Raiders? They lost against the Raiders also,


The Volume, What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Oh man, Nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chews right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side. Use as directed.


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent. Being there day and night, and building a plan for tomorrow. Today for the ones you'll always look out for, trust, Amica Life Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.