
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry From way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the UA for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up we got Match Day four, which feeds Royal Madrid, hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UEFA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video right on the money this week. It's one of the NFL's fiercest rivalries as the Cincinnati Bengals faced. The Baltimore Ravens touchdown coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a Prime member Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Bengals and the Ravens Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports. book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And. a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sportsbook app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


O Joe, before we get to other news of the name, chiefs have seemingly found their number one receiver at D hops acquiring D Hop from the tights only cost Kansas City a conditional fifth round pick. Yeah. Ocho where would this rank as far as in season trade if the Kansas City Chiefs go on and do what they and do what they, what we think they can do? Where would you rank this in season trade? I, I'd rank this in trade probably damn near, damn near uncle. Gotta be one of the best. It gotta be the one of the best. 'cause you trading for a player. If you put him in the right situation, he can give you what we're used to seeing when he was considered the top three, top five player in the league.


You put him in the right situation. That's what's so important. When we're used to seeing Dhop when he was with Arizona, when we saw Dhop when he was with the goddamn Texans, he was considered one of the best in the game. Sure. All Of a sudden he's out of that situation where the opportunities come a little bit more often than normal. So you're able to see the talent, you're able to see the skill, you're able to see how good he is, how he doesn't drop shit. He don't drop nothing, huh? Yep. Boy got hand boy got all state for hands now you put him in a situation in Kansas City, you allow me to get acclimated into the offense. He already has a for 86.


That might to me, I don't even know a stat line when he is with Tennessee. I guarantee you that's his best game. Yeah, It's probably his best game and he only been there for goddamn three business days. It ranks up there and I think the Chiefs are probably gonna, they, if, if and when they do go maybe back to a chip again, D Hop is gonna play a big part of that. He gonna play a damn big part in that. Yeah, he's, look, I I wanted Dhap to go before he signed with Tennessee because I thought that would be a great move for a mocho. Yeah, you Gotta get that money. Give the fact, but gotta get that money. Gotta get that money. You gotta go get, gotta go get the money. And he did that, but I think now, but he saw losing sucks.


Yeah. You get that money and you get your eyes beat like it gets hard and hard to go take your ass to work on Monday Ocho Yeah, because you already know what like Christian McCaffrey returns to practice for the 49 ERs. Not only did C Mack return to the practice Mack for the first time since week one, wide receiver Juwan Jennings kicker Jake Moody and offensive lineman John Feliciano, were all back in action according to reports on the site. Ocho, what's, what do you expect from the 49 ERs a moving forward Once CMC hits that field, the offense gets that much better. Once CMC hits that field, the offense gets that much better.


Arguably CMC was the best running back in the league. I know what Derrick Henry is doing right now, but before CMC got, I mean be, before CMC got hurt, he was considered the best running back in the league for all the things that he can do at the receiver position, lining up in the slot, all the thing he can do, coming out the backfield, catching the ball out, the backfield, running the ball. It allows, it allows them to do so much more. I think the offensive playbook with Shanahan when CMC is back there. Even though Jordan, even though Jordan Mason played pretty well, you know, while, while CMC was out, I think they can do that much more offensively when they have CMC in there.


Yeah. I I think I I think healthy they still, they're they're, they're still a threat in the NFC. Yeah. Hell yeah. They're still, they're they're still very formidable, formidable, whatever term you want to use. Formidable, formidable Cmac. His ability to run the football between the tackles to hit outside can catch it outta the back field. They get Deebo back, they get Jwan Jennings back. They, they, they have an opportunity to do something really good. O Joe, I want your thoughts on this Bengal's wide receiver rookie. Jermaine Burton was spotted in the Casino alone in the Hard Rock in sense were in the same city he had on yesterday.


Burton was a healthy stretch again yesterday and Sun and Saturday didn't show up for walkthrough. Damn man. I mean we, we, we, we, we talked about that a little bit. I think he trains with TJ Hodo. I think Hooch is a good mentor for him at some point. I'm, I'm sure who should gonna talk to him and try to get it through his head. These opportunities aren't gonna come often. You have a little, you have a little leash. Again, they will tolerate you, as you always say unc, they will tolerate you until they can replace you. You, and when it comes to the NFL, everybody's expendable and replaceable except maybe one or two guys and that, that's literally everybody.


Yeah. No matter what you may think. So listen, you can't ruin this opportunity. Yeah. You worked too hard. You worked too hard. Really all your life, you know, you started this as a teenager. You worked all your life to get to this point where you are able to live out a childhood dream. You are able to be a blessing. You are able to provide for not just yourself, but for your family. And bless all those who help you and guided you along the way to get to this point in life and in your career. You can't, you can't mess it up. You can't mess it up. I'm sure, you know, he has enough people bother him. I would reach out to him, but he already has hooch in his corner as, as someone he talks to and mentors and trains with. And I'm sure who's gonna talk to him and, and get him together because hey, that the NFL guy, that, that, that NFL stands not for long.


You know, even when you doing right. So if you ain't doing right, I mean that least becomes even shorter. You right. And he's he's a talent too boy. He is a fucking talent. Mike Te Mike Hilton sent a strong message to the rookie wide receiver. When you get to this point and your career, you gotta grow up. You're grown man. Nobody's gonna babysit you anymore at All. At all. Joe Bur Joe Burrow had a good quote too. You know them boys, don't them, them boys don't play, man. They have a yeah, they have a singular focus. They're trying To win. Not only are they trying to win, they behind the goddamn eight ball, they ain't with the Bullshit.


The Minnesota VI can stop their two game losing streak by a score of 2113 over the Indianapolis coachs. The coach went with Joe went with Joe Flacco, they benched Anthony Richardson. Sam Donna was 28 or 34, 2 93 touchdowns. He had two interceptions. Anna Fumble. Justin Jefferson continued his hot streak. Seven four buck 37. Addison Jordan Addison made a great one handed catch as they pull away and hold on to win 2113 over the Indianapolis coachs to keep them somewhat connected to the Detroit Lions coachs produced their worst offensive performance of the year. Tonight. The coach had six. The coach offense had six points, their lowest output of the year.


Zero red zone drive, the lowest output of the year. 13 first downs, lowest output of the year. 227 total yards lowest output of the year. Ocho watching this game. What did you like about what Minnesota was able to do to get back into the win win? Get back into the win column. They need to give the game ball to Brian Flores. All defense. All defense. They played extremely well. All four quarters. They played all three phases of the game. Extremely well. Sack and Joe Flacco causing turnovers, interceptions and hell, hell, the coach didn't give themselves the chance actually with the turnover that they had. And to take the worst opportune time to have an inefficient offense against a arguably one of the better teams in in the NFC and really the defense smothered.


So Brian Flores, I would like to give him the credit for the win tonight, even though offensively they did what they needed to do as far as scoring points, but that defense was, was really, really good. Really, really good. Yeah, you look, you know One thing, when you play the Vikings, they're pressure defense. They're gonna heat you up. Brian Flores gonna heat you up now, so you better, whatever, whatever you're doing, you better do it. Suddenly you better do it in a hurry because you're not gonna have a whole lot of time because he's coming with the pressure package. He believes in his back end. He believes they can hold up and he believes he can get to you before you get to them. And so that's the number One thing that I've noticed. That the games that I've watched him play, and for the most part they've had a lot of games that's been televised.


If you can't, excuse me, if you can't handle that pressure, you can't deal with their defense. Now the problem is if Sam Donald can, now when you play Detroit, you turn the ball over three times, they're gonna blow you out. Yeah. I I'm, I'm just telling you, you played the lions and you turned that ball over early. Like they did Ocho that game be o that game was over by the halftime. Oh definitely. That's, that's, that's probably 17 points. I see 'em if you turn it over three, they scoring two off of that in the field goal. Right. Because remember they had what? They have a didn't they have a, they got pick six. So you see, you see even Andy turn their office possession because the last thing you wanted to happen is a team score.


When you got the ball, it's hard enough. You know what I'm saying? Don't Joe, it's hard enough to keep them outta the end zone. Especially these high powered offenses. The ravens, the lions, you know, even though Kansas City hadn't got on track, we know they have the potential to be explosive. You let them score when you got the ball and you catch hell stopping them when they have the ball problem. Yeah, but you behind eight, but I thought go ahead. No, we're just saying put you behind the eight ball completely and you gotta do that much more offensively. End damning. Gotta play perfect football if you allow him to score on defense. Yeah, you absolutely right. Joe Flacco could never seem to get into the rhythm. He was 16 or 27, 1 79 1 interception.


He was sacked three times. The biggest issue was their inability to run the football because in order to slow some of that pressure down, you are gonna have to run the football to make them think about something other than your quarterback. And as long as they don't, long as they're teeing off on your quarterback and they're not respecting your run, it's gonna be a very difficult evening. Especially on the road. And that crowd get to rocking. It's hard. You see, they got a couple of false start penalties ocho and so you needed some, some you needed some resemblance of a run game to try to slow that pressure. Front of the, the Vikings down Jonathan Taylor, 13 for 48. So they had 19 carriers for 68 yards.


That's not nearly enough. Slightly over three yards of carry. That's not nearly enough. O y'all That ain't gonna cut it. No, it won't. It won't. So the Vikings stopped the bleeding of the two game losing streak. They moved to six and 2 21 13 winners over the Indianapolis coach who falls to four and five.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep fits. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop with Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Coming soon to Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Kler thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So want stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be Part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside his hand. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can because I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law 18 plus terms


this Fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


No, we Finn to talk about Lamar Jackson. Lamar Jackson competed completed 16 of 19 pass attempts for 280 yards, three touchdowns and had a a perfect quarterback rating. 1 58 0.3 Lamar had now has four career games with a perfect quarterback rating with a minimum of 10 passes. He ties the NFL record held by Ben Berger, who also has four such games. Lamar now has 20 passing touchdowns this season after connected with Zay Flowers twice. Patrick Card once Flowers and Jacksons flowers was Jackson's favorite target on Sunday. Five receptions a buck 27 in winning six of their past seven games.


The Ravens have beaten three teams with a winning record. The Bills, the Commanders, and the Broncos by a combined score of 1 0 6 to 43. Thanks. But this is the same Baltimore team that lost the two last place team. They lost to the Browns and they lost to the Ravens. It comes down to the most criticized Ravens defense when Baltimore holds teams to 25 of fuel points. The Ravens of four and oh, that's crazy, bruh. That's crazy. They lost to the Ravens and the Browns, excuse me, they lost to the Raiders and the Browns. You know what's funny? And you see why I was a little optimistic about maybe the Cowboys being able to pull it off, you know, and changing their season around is because on any given Sunday, you never know what's gonna happen.


You, you never know what's gonna happen. Now, as dominant as the Ravens are, if he is a be if you a bettman, if he's a gambler, man, when they paid the Raiders, you putting all your money on the Ravens when they played the Browns, you putting all your money on the Browns. But I I I don't understand why that happens. Maybe playing down to the competition, maybe the play calling. Like you said, when they played the Browns, they only gave goddamn Derrick Henry the ball. 11 times. How many, how many how many how many rushes Derrick Henry had today? 23. Okay. For two to with two touchdowns and a buckle. Six. See? May, may, may. Maybe that is the formula. May 34 ru they almost had double the amount of rush attempts as pass attempts last week.


It was the flip side. Lamar Jackson threw the ball 19 times today they ran it 34 times. That's your recipe. And because Lamar doesn't need to throw the ball 30 plus times because he's gonna be so efficient because the gaps that's gonna be in the defense because you can't stop D Henry with a light box. So he's throwing against man coverage. And when the zone coverage, they so out of place because they done taken them false steps trying to get down When he fakes the ball into DM Valley Outta position. Now you out of position. But he's dealing with the ball. He's played Unbelievable.


Right now the MVP is Lamar is D Henry. It's Jerry Goff. Yeah. Okay. Any, anybody else? Anybody? Anybody, anybody else in that race that you would throw a name in the box? No. Okay. No. Not for me. Not for me. I mean, listen, a a blind man can see it. I'm not gonna mention a blind man name, but a blind man can see there's a chance that, that Lamar Jackson can win his third MVP. There's a chance Yes. That he win a third MVP and Man by God, young boy. I know, I know. Young Bull watch. They be, they be watching too. I know Lamar probably probably not watching right now. Yes. He gonna see this boy. He the real deal boy. Pomp those fines. Boy, I salute you. This is coming from a Bengal.


It's coming from a Bengal, but I know One thing. You know who, you know who they play Thursday night? Who they play? Yeah. Okay. I bet they, I bet they put Pussy. Yeah. You know who they play. I bet they put pu The ass bet that I gonna Be ass and that and that's respectfully to all my Raven fans. I love you. You know how I feel about you. I love you And Baltimore. I got the Raven. You Won't bet nothing. Whatever. Make it louder on yourself. I ain't gonna do you like that. I ain't, I ain't gonna take Do me like that. Do I ain't I'll take you money. I ain't gonna take you money. Yeah, I won't take my money. We Just talked about what happened when they played the Raiders.


We just talked about what happened when they played the Browns. So you think they, you think, you think the Bengals finna after the day's game against the Raiders? You think we going Did you Talk about, talk about I re I remember what they did last time. They was in Cincinnati. Drop the 41 piece on. Hold on, Hold on, hold on. Stay with me. Now. Did you see Joe Burrow today? I don't mean to jump the gun and get off top of Did he see bro today? I saw how many yards did he throw for against the Raven last time? No, wait, What you talking about last time? We, we've improved since then. No, you haven't. Your defense, haven't you just played a war? Bad team. Remember how y'all went to Philly? Philly beat y'all 34 17. Okay. All right. All right. Mark my words now.


I told you I did. He threw for 3 9 2, he threw for 3 9 2 against the Ravens. How many touchdowns and five tds and L Jack got it. Alright. He can't beat, he can't beat Lamar. He got one vi against Lamar. I know that. I know, I know what the rank it is. I know. But listen, you Lamar wiping his feet. Do what Lamar do to everybody end up in the afc. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. We'll see though. We'll see Thursday. We'll see Thursday. What? Put something on there. Make make it all. Alright. Alright. Make make it light on yourself then. Make it light on yourself. What you wanna do? You call your price Better Ban a band and I ain't talk and I ain't talking about FAMU or Grambling or Southern.


What, what, what you wanna do? I got, I got what You wanna do Better ban. I want Ban better. Matter of fact, you know what? Since you're talking and I got 10 right here, make it 2000. Did it. Now, now, now what? What what, what you wanna do? Let's go. Hey Joe. I told you what Joe Burrow said the last time he was in front of the media. We are gonna win seven of the last nine and starting. And number one of that next nine was the date. And the next win is gonna be Thursday. Ain't Happening. And that anybody in the chat that got something to say, you better too. Put your side bet down. Y'all talking about man, y'all talking about man who?


They Boy they play it too good. They play it too good. Yeah. Yeah. They, they playing real good and no and listen, Lamar Jackson, the Ravens brother Todd Monken, they are playing phenomenal football. Derrick Henry, phenomenal Zay flowers. Boy I see you black. I see you. But Thursday No sir. Thursday. No sir. Eagles beat the Jags. 28 23 Sayquan hit the backwards hurdle. Devonte Smith one-handed touchdown grab eagles almost let this one slip away. The failed to, they failed to convert the brother. The brotherly shove two point conversion. They turned the ball over on fourth and one Jake Elliot, Mr.


57 yard field goal attempt to give the Jaguar the last tat to beat them. But Kobe Dean interception in the end zone. Yeah. Saved the game. Ocho did you watch this game? Ocho you watch a lot of this Game? Yeah, I, I wa I watched spurts of it because I had multiple games going on at once. So my head was on swivel, left to right, left to right, left to right. Like I was watching the goddamn tennis match. But I was able to watch most of it. I saw some of Sequan plays, I saw Devonte Smith do do it what He did. What Hand other other than that I remember tweeting that the Eagles look good. I tweeted this not long ago. I said the Eagles look so good. There's a chance they'll probably be playing for a Super Bowl championship.


And everybody tweeted me back. Hell no, we not, not with Nick Ciani as a coach. And I simply said, even with the inconsist, the inconsistency at the head coaching position that people are complaining about the offense is so good that I think they can overcome any coaching woes. I think they can overcome any coaching roles as long as they play defense. I think they'll be fine. But nobody, no, but nobody, nobody agrees with me. No, nobody does. No, because they, they don't look as good as the lions. The lions look great. Yeah. Yeah.


And here's the problem. They're probably gonna have to manage AJ with this hamstring. Now they didn't release the injury of AJ 'cause he left this game Mo Joe. So it's gonna be interesting to see how this thing plays out because they're gonna have to manage him. I don't believe they can go all the way without a, a healthy AJ Brown. Wait, he would not, he just came back from Hamstring, didn't he? Yep. I I, I, I don't know. Sirianni did not say after the game what the injury was, but he left and didn't return. So it's gonna be interesting to see moving forward because I don't think they can go to where they trying to get to without him.


Oh man, I'm, I'm sick of this shit man. But that move Saquon hit on, on for 14 yards. Ocho he hopped over The dudes backwards. Backwards. Hold on. He spun. He made somebody Miss did a spin in in the middle of the spin because he was already behind. He knew, he knew the guy was gonna go low and jumped over him a a reverse what you call that? Reverse. What a reverse hurdle. There it is bro. Had a reverse hurdle like a chat. Y'all don't understand a reverse hurdle. That's like a wrestling move.


You know when they sling somebody into the turn buckle jump, jump over and they hop jump what backwards? I I look that's, that's as good a move that you're gonna see for him to be able to do that. But I'm confused. There was a play late in the ball game where they're trying to run out. He hurdles a guy and slides down. I don't know if you saw it. And the reporters didn't ask him about it. They didn't ask him about it. And I don't think they asked Siri about it. And I'm trying to figure out what was going through his mind. Did he think they were out of timeouts? Did he think he had the first down? I, I'm confused why he would slide in that situation instead of getting the first down. So I was confused. I think he miscalculated.


It'd be very interesting to hear what his thought process was and why he did that. Somebody was probably in his ear. Somebody was probably in his ear and told him to do that. He, they, he just didn't realize the situation and the fact that he did need the first down. I call, I call it, you know what I call that? I call that over coaching. Yeah. Over over coaching. You had your player thinking more than they should instead of just playing the goddamn game. And probably based on situation having situational awareness in that moment, you'll know to get the first down and then slide. I agree. I I was surprised that, that he did it. 'cause I'm, I I was like, what was sa Sequan, you gotta get the first down of that situation.


You had to have miscalculated something. Something because there ain't no way he's sliding like that. 'cause he slid like he thought he had the first down and so, or he didn't think they had any more timeouts, but they had two timeouts and they had the two minute warning. So I was, I was just totally confused by what he did in that play. But the play that he had was, was yeah. Was incredible. The that caught the pass spin hopped backwards. I don't even know. Okay. You do that in Madden. No, No. You no, You will. I bet they add it. I bet they add it. You Think so? I mean they, they they prob they probably can they matter of fact it should, it should be ape a feature specifically for him.


Because I mean a lot of people hurdle, a lot of people hurdle. So they, they might as well add. It just are a reverse hurdle. I like it. That's dope. The Bengals beat the Raiders 41 24. Joey B gets the win. Only sixth more to fulfill the OCHO promise of seven wins and nine games. Rookie. Jermaine Burton was a healthy scratch after missing walkthrough on Saturday. Joe Burrow just didn't have, have little to do, have to do the little things. Right. Mike Hilton, you're a grown man. Nobody's gonna baby you anymore. What do you think Ocho? The Bengals one Joe Burrow.


How many touchdowns Joe Burrow threw the day. Huh? Five. He, He, he was 27 or 39. 2 51 5. Touchdown. And to pick that guy, Ocho, that guy started the hell out some film. That's like the second or third time he done Jones did that last year too. Did it last year too. Listen, I, I tweeted, I tweeted he did it. I tweeted and some of the people complained. Well if I think maybe Yoshi, if he said if, if Yoshi had made the block. Listen, Jack is reacting as soon as the ball snaps based on facial recognition. Right. And he already knows it's coming.


And you see he wants, once he sees Chase bubble, he gone, he Gone, he gone right to us. So you, He gone, You really can't, you really can't even get to the block or make an attempt to block him. 'cause he already know what's going on. And sometimes that's why you, you have that guy Yoshi that's normally gonna block you then have him go up the rail because the guy's gonna react like Jack Jones do. And then you get him up the rail. Oh, That's, that's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good, Yeah, you can get him. But if you throw that ball, if he get a reaction like that and you throw that ball to Chase it, go another way. If he can catch Hey. But again, on Jma, on Jermaine Burton being late, obviously doing, doing the same thing that, that Dak did. I haven't had the chance to talk to Young Bull. I think TJ Hu Mazada is a mentor of his, they, he trains with him and I think tj, TJ gotta talk to him.


TJ gotta get in his ear. This, they, they're, they're tolerated, they're tolerated until they can replace you. Now Jermaine is, burden is a special talent. He has a lot of talent. He can help this offense in a tremendous way. He, especially with his speed and, and being able to stress defenses. So I, I would like for him to, to do whatever he needs to do. I'm, I'm not sure I, I'll probably reach out to him. You gotta do the little things, man. One, if you do the little things right, you know it, it'll, it'll, it'll pay off for you. It'll, it'll pay off for you. So I wanna see The old Bengals would've tolerated this behavior. But the new Bengals aren't. I love, I love what Joe Burrow said. I know. I love what Mike Hilton said, bro, ain't nobody babysitting your ass.


Right, right, right. You grown ass man. Right. Get here, be professional, show up on time, do your job, do what you're supposed to do and let's go try to win football game. You know what He should do? I mean, he was sitting on the bench. Did you see, I look, I don't know what was said, but he was sitting on the bench next to Joe Burrow. Joe Burrow said something to him and got up, walked away. Jermaine Burton gets up, walks away, Joe Burrow goes, sits back down on the bench. Nah, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't see that. I ain't see that. Take a look at it. He said something. I don't know if he said don't sit next to me or whatcha you doing over here. He sitting That man, He's saying something because all I know is he got up and when Burton got up, he went back and sat down.


That's all I'm saying. Now you deduce for whatever you want Deduce from that. But check a clip, send him that Clip. Yeah. Matter of fact, you know, Joe might be upset. Joe might be upset because he understands how good he is. He under. Right. But he does understand how good he is and how he can help. He can help the team and he's hurting the team by not being available, by not doing the little things. Right. If you came through the little things like show up, practice, catch the ball, then you won't be able to help us on Sundays. So hopefully he'll get it together and add another dynamic and another weapon to the offense that Joe can use. And Joe's probably frustrated. Yeah, Joe. Probably. And when your quarterback gets frustrated, that's not a good thing that that's the wrong person. You, you don't want on your side As as sent.


You as sent it sent you the, lemme see the clip. But Joe tried to win games. I love that Joe. Holding people accountable. And that's what you have to do. Your best players must hold everybody accountable. Your best players must be your hardest workers. Your best players need to set the standard in which everybody conforms to. That's what happens. That's how you win. Oh yeah. He said, oh, he said something or now, okay, now you, he said something And this body language and mannerisms, you could tell something wrong. Body language and mannerisms. You could tell something wrong. Yeah, he pissed.


Yeah, he was, He says, I don't know, Ocho we can deduce, but We don't know what he said. But he turned and he said something to Burton. Yeah. He got up and when Burton got up, he went back and sat down. Yeah, he hot boy. Hot. He gonna, he he gonna get right. He gonna get right. He gonna get right. TI listen, I'm, I'm I I listen, he probably got enough people in this ear already. I I don't want to be, you know, one of those, he got, he got tj I'm sure who's who she's gonna reach out to. But that's why he didn't fall in. That's why he fell in the draft. He had issues at Georgia. He had issues in Alabama. That's why he dropped.


We're not making this stuff off. Right. Right, right, right, right, right. He dropped. Don't Joe and lot sometimes guys can have red. That's why they call 'em red flags there. Warning signs. Sometimes guys have flags and they say, you know what, it's time for me to mature. I'm not a kid. I'm not in college anymore. I'm a professional. I'm a I'm an adult. I need to conduct my, I need to conduct myself as such. And then somebody use it as a, that's who I am. Nah. Okay. You can't do nothing. They'll tolerate it until they can replace it. Not At this level. Not this level because they listen. Your visit can be real short. Huh? Your visit can be real short.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seats. I appreciate the support people. Keep that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay. This is starting to get old. Save on tag one. Cash back like a Pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of which horse Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Coming soon to Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. You messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law 18 plus terms


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


The charges defeat the Browns Rough day for Jamus. Three interception. Damn. He might need to have another LASIK surgery. One week after Jamus helped engineer a season best performance. The Browns offense struggled against the top defense in the NFL Cleveland had 57 total yards at halftime. Jamis Winston has now thrown 102 interceptions the most by any player in a hundred career games since Matthew Stafford in 2016. Brown sack Justin Herbert. Sixth time today, all of which were in the first half wide receiver. Quentin Johnson had had a career best game of four catches. 118 yards receiving. Huh? Oh, he a horn frog. Oh, that's ash.


He with ash apple. Yes sir. Sometimes I wonder what Jamer sees. I wish I could look through his eyes so I could see what he said. Hey, Ain't no way you could throw, ain't no way you could throw the ball directly to the other team that many times in your career. Ocho ain't no way. I ain't, I can't even, I need to, I gotta see. I need to see for one time I want, look, I don't ask a whole lot. I ain't never wanted to be like another man. My brother. I wanted to be like my brother. But I just want to be able to see in a game. I wish I could see what JAMA sees just for a game so I could tell him, jamas that guy got on a different color uniform.


He's not your teammate because I, the way he be hitting guys between the numbers. He got to be colorblind. He might need to wear goggles like Ed. 'cause LASIK didn't do him no justice. Damn. Huh. Damn. Oh Hey, did you, did the interceptions, were you able to see each one? Did receivers run wrong routes? Were they covered? Did they get blanketed or he just threw Man, them dude undercut. It looked like it was like two man and he hit do right in his chest. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. I just, I I dang. And you know, there, there are a couple of plays last week if the Ravens could catch their intersection.


You right. Kyle Hamilton dropped the interception. That would've still the game. Yeah, They played, they score you. Right. And I'm like, I just, IIII don't know man. I don't know. I I just, That that, I mean, do you know Ocho do you know how bad you gotta do B to throw 30 plus interceptions in a season? Yeah, I think listen, last week game against the Ravens. I think it's different being that you're kind of preparing for one quarterback and another comes in and then a team has a week to prepare, prepare and game plan for you.


And understanding because of your past inconsistencies that the quarterback position. Alright, this is what I know we can do. And you know, a after a week to prepare, knowing who the quarterback would be. I mean, this is the kind of game you get. You get a three interception game. Ooh. 26 or 46, 2 35, 1 touchdown, three picks. Damn 40. They threw the ball 46 times. Yeah. Well I wish I could have played today, boy. Yeah, Lee. Yeah man, he, I don't know who The, who the brown, who the Browns got next.


I hope they got a easy game. I, I hate, I hate using the word easy, but do they have a A, that's what team would they they defense. Their defense could be pretty good, but the offense keeps em out on the field so long. You gonna wear down. Nice boy. That defense. Nice. Who the Browns got next. Ash. Oh, it's gonna be A-A-A-A-A yuck fest. They got the Saints. Oh Yeah. So jam is going jam is going back to the Saints. Where where's this game? In New Orleans? In New Orleans? Yeah. Hey, that's, that's tough. And you know what I, I think I'm gonna, I think I'm gonna watch highlights of that game.


Ain't no way I'm watching that game. Hey, I hope I Hell The players, I, I don't mean to go back to the previous game, but I hope Derrick Carden loses confidence because the players in that locker room, the players on that team, have They done lost confidence in him? Confidence him? Yeah. I, yeah, I know, I know. Because whenever you see players, you know, lash out of the quarterback like that without really saying his name. Oh, put me at quarterback and like, stuff like that. He done lost him. And then watching Cam Jordan and his reaction watching Kamara and his reaction Ain't got no respect for it. Man. I I, I keep telling people it's the same thing that when last week when the, the guy was horse Jing around and he ended up catching a Hail Mary, you play for your teammates respect your coaches' trust and the fans appreciation.


Damn. Those are the three. And if you play, if you play for those, everything else will take care of itself. You want your players, the teammates to respect you. You want your coaches to trust you and you want the fans to appreciate the effort that you put out. The Panthers beat, the Saints 2322, Chris a lava stretch it off the field after a scary hit. When Lava's brother was active on Twitter, bro just called, he's up and active. One follower said, might be time to have that talk might be time to have that. Is it worth it? Talk Joshua Lava, who's the brother of Chris, it ain't worth it.


And Nola, I tell you that. Hey, everybody upset at, at Derrick Cowboy. Everybody's upset at Derrick Carr. I saw Cam Jordan, you know, walking away. He didn't even go in the locker room. I think the players upset. I think the players are fed up with his play. Obviously playing a game against the Carolina, Carolina Panthers. And when you look at it on your schedule, based on the way they played this year, that's a game you should win. That's, that's, that's the game you should win. And due to the quarterback play and the inconsistency at the quarterback position today, they weren't able to pull it off on that fourth down.


I think it, what, what was it? Fourth and two. Fourth and fourth and fourth or whatever it might've been You talking about Derek card, he throw a go on. Why Did he throw a go? What do we do? What do we, what do we help me on that Bro? He make it seem like he been lighting it up all day. He was 18 or 31. Why? Why, Why is that your first choice? Especially in that scenario? Why do you throw the ball that has the, the the The least, the least percent. The least percent. Exactly. Well that's not making any sense. At least give your team a chance. At least, at least give him a chance. I don't, I don't understand what he was thinking in that situation. And I, I know listen, I I know the players hot.


I know the players are hot. You know, I, I listen. Yeah, yeah. You just lost to the worst team. You just lost to the worst team. But hey Saints, I don't know if y'all noticed this, but y'all done lost seven straight. So are we sure the Panthers are the worst team in the NFL and it's not the Saints. I know they got talent. You look at Cama and you look at a lava and you look at Cam Jordan, you look at Marshawn Latimore and DeMar Davis and a Honey Badger. I know I can throw out some names for you. Hold On. Think about how they think about the first two weeks of the season. Yeah. Averaging 40 plus points Game. I thought the same. I mean, I thought the Saints was finna finna run the table. Boy, I thought he was finna run the table.


Derek Carr looked good. Kamar looked good. The offense looked good. You know, I just, I I don't know what happened. I don't know where they wrong. Michael Thomas goes in on Derek Carr being, but they fired all them coaches trying to cover his flaws up and still he doing the same ish. Dude tried to lie and say I was jealous of them making Chris a lave wide receiver number one whole time. He can't even get him a decent ball. He needed his butt whipped this year. But he whip first team all Pro that year. His buddy went first team all Pro in 2022. He needed 180 Target just to catch a hundred passes.


He is. But on my granny, dude, scary and panic just throws the ball. Get him to f outta here. He's soaked, but Damn man. Okay. Derek Carr for you. I've been told y'all ish sad Saints players Pro game reaction show. They've officially given up on the season Cam Jordan, we just lost to the Panthers. I love y'all. New Orleans truly had high expectations and the best of hopes of us for us, y'all deserve it. Kaylin Sanders said, fans keep saying lose. So we get the number one pick.


Hell throw me in the quarterback ish. Let's have something, something fun to watch. He then tweeted mofo cheekbone shaking. Hey boy, they hot. Huh? Do all of y'all deserve better? My only goal is to finish above 500 at this point. Rams defeat the sea. How the Seahawks 26 20 Kareem kitchens 103 yard pick six tied the game up in the final minutes. Seahawks tied it up in the final because they blocked the punt and they ended up scoring a touchdown in the final seconds they got stopped 31 and fourth to one. And the Rams go down the field, go down the field.


The Rams went on a walk off one handed grab by DeMarcus Robinson. Pooka KU got ejected for throwing a punch. The league office ultimately controlled the ejections. And however, Xavier Woods not getting ejected for sending Chris or lobby to the hospital. But hookah Kuah gets ejected for throwing a punch, especially when Trent Williams has thrown punches in multiple games without getting ejected. That's what pro football talk tweeted. I can see it. Brian Branch got ejected. And see that's when you're dealing with subjectivity. That's why, you know, gymnastics or you're dealing with diving or you're dealing things that have judges come into a play.


These are officials one official see it one way. So I, but that's normally a call Ejection normally comes from the league and I I I don't get it because like you said, Trent Williams man, Trent Williams almost took a dude head off two weeks ago. Yeah, I do remember, but I, I don't think he realized who he had punched. I know he didn't think he was gonna be able to put T Dub and he go get away with it, man, y'all. And don't, if you notice Don people don't play with dub. He must a a a shirt one time. He ain't the guy that you get to face. Somebody do it. He gonna do because he gonna do it.


Don't tell everybody hit me. Yeah. Ah, I don't know. I I think the, the, the, the, the league is gonna have to like, ask the que answer the question why was it a dude ejected that hit a lobby? So it's gonna be a, a very interesting, a very interesting answer that they give. If, if they going, if they gonna make the call and start ejecting people, they have to be consistent with it. They gotta be consistent Battalions, defeat the Patriots 2017 Drake may heroic since the game in the overtime May Heric would've end after throwing an interception with two minutes left at overtime made this some magical things to send the game with overtime.


But two cost of mistakes, a strip sack and an interception in overtime provided the ultimate learning experience for the number three pick in the draft. I thought they were gonna do it Ocho I thought they was gonna do it. I did too. I did too. Drink May. Hey, you gotta cut them interceptions out, baby. You got, They're not good enough to overcome them. You gotta cut them interceptions out simply because of what you just said. You can't overcome the interceptions. No, you don't have that kind of team. You, They've been very, I mean, think about it. That's why the Patriots are so good, because Brady didn't beat them. Brady didn't, they didn't beat themselves.


Brady didn't put the ball in harm's way. Even when he had exceptional defenses, he didn't put the ball in harm's way because now you now you neutralize it. Now you drop yourself, you lawyer yourself to the competition. No, we're better than you. We're not gonna help your cause. So no, if you beat us, you're gonna beat us doing your own, you know, play it out playing us. We're not gonna give you turnovers and, and and, and and, and increase your opportunities to beat us. That's not gonna happen. But, yep. So the titans, Titans two and six. Patriots two and seven both Bad, huh?


I feel, I feel like I, man, you know what? Hey, if they need some help, man, I could be out there. I could play little quarterback now. You know, I played quarterback at beach, you know. Nah, you good. Blue 80 blue, 80. Check, check, check. You ain't pointing to the mic. I just Pointed, pointed to the mic, man. What you talking about? I just pointed to the mic. Okay. You wanna call his number out? Call his number out. Mike. 52. Mike. 52 A a.


Watch the safety coming down. Watch that. Watch Safety Out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright. Motion, motion, motion. Yeah. Man, I'm telling you what. Hey, what? That's what they, that's what they need. They need somebody like me, a quarterback man. The. Volume.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart and this basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seats. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay. This is starting to get old. Save on tag one. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase Make more of your choice, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


Kroger Brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste you can't resist. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


What's good? Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Virginia's Insurance Marketplace is where Virginian shop for affordable health insurance. Find a health plan that fits your needs and budget during open enrollment. Now through January 15th plus nine out of 10 customers qualify for financial assistance with high quality plans starting as low as $10 a month. So join the more than 400,000 Virginians who have enrolled on the marketplace. Go to marketplace.virginia.gov to apply. Brought to you by Virginia's Insurance Marketplace. That's marketplace.virginia.gov.