
Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you will be glad you did.


What's up everybody? I'd Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and N NA's Favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tablet Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers in the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at Draft King. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


Ocho. So now let's get back the Lions offensive coordinator. Ben Johnson has agreed to a deal to become the Chicago Bears next head. Coach Johnson has been the Lions offensive coordinator for the past three seasons. And if I'm not mistaken, I think they finish in the top five in offense each of those seasons. He will feel the job vacated by Matt Ebra flues when they fired him on November 29th. Johnson will become the 19th head coach in Fran the 105 year franchise existence. Ocho do you like the hire You? God damn right. I like the hire you got right now. Listen, we talk about Ben Johnson now this, we talk about Ben Johnson that worked wonders with Jared Goff worked wonders offensively with that offense.


The creativity that is amazed. All of us, all season long. Now, you know, Dan Campbell loves to go forward on fourth down. Why do you think he's so confident in doing some of the things he does as a head coach because of Ben Johnson and what he's able to do. So I look at it from this standpoint. You got Jameson Williams, you got a mine, Ross named Brown, you got La Porto. Now you go to another supporter cast in Chicago that different skill sets, but they get the job done very well, right? Yeah. You have a great quarterback, dual threat quarterback who's a little bit more mobile, a little bit more agile, can play off script a little better than golf. And K Williams, he's a good thrower of the ball as well.


This is going to be a perfect relationship not only for Ben Johnson, but for K Williams and his career. I guarantee you and I I'm gonna put it out there right now and it's gonna be a, I told you so moment when the season starts and we, we about, we we in about maybe week seven or week eight and I'm be like I told you so Ca Williams being one of the top quarterbacks in the league statistically because of Ben Johnson in his creativity, in his offensive props. I like to hire, I like To hire also. Yeah, but What I don't like What Chicago and New England doing that fake stuff. Bring black coaches in there when they know damn they're not Behind. Oh I be behind. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They brought Eddie George in there and you know, look, if you like you gotta take it.


Yeah. Yeah. You know damn well they want excuse. Excuse me. You know good de well, you know good, you know good de well you want to Ben Johnson. Right. But Ocho hey the Rooney Rule, I gotta get that quota. Yeah, same thing in New England. New England, y'all brought two black, y'all brought Pep Hamilton in, y'all brought this other black, you know, good and well Left. Yeah. By Leftwich, y'all know Good first of all by left, been outta the league for what? Two years And y'all gonna bring him in now? He ain't got no offensive coordinator, but y'all brought him in. Yeah. And see y'all, what y'all did, the patients did that thing so good. They brought two of them in. Ooh. Ooh. Oh, they they brought two Oh brought two of them.


Yeah. I mean, listen, they they have to check the boxes, huh? They they, they gotta, they they gotta check the boxes. Like you said. They gotta, they gotta meet the quota. You have to satisfy the rule that's in place that's really not working. Ain't got no T to it. But, and but look, I like the hire. I like Ben Johnson. I like what he did. You mentioned it. He has a quarterback that's more mobile. He has very good look. You got Roman Duns that he took in the first round for the Bears. You got DJ Moore that you signed to a con contract extension. You got Keenan Allen, I think Keenan Allen's a free agent. So you probably bring him back because he came on strong at the end of the year. Yeah. He's that guy that he's not as fast is not as quick as a alman rod the saint the in the slot.


But he gets it done. He got tremendous moves. He got great hands. I like him. He's a big body. He can body, you know, he can body you up. So I like that. I like that. I don't really know their running back situation. You're gonna have to prove the offensive line. That's one thing, huh? Not gonna Yeah. Swift Yeah. Offensive line. And you gonna probably get better because you look at what they got in, in, in Detroit. You know, you got Penn Se who's a, a pro bowler all pro. You got Zeitler, you got deck, you got glass now you got Decker, you got Rag now you got, you know, Detroit has a very good offensive line and So you gonna have to get that up to par in Chicago because your quarterback took 60 plus sacks. That's too many Ocho yo. Yeah, that's way too many sacks.


Now all of it is not on the offensive line. Caleb Williams's gonna have to do a better job of getting rid of the football. It's okay to throw it away because sometimes I think guys, they get caught up. Ocho well I'm gonna mess up my completion percentage, bro. Throw that damn ball away. You don't wanna be taking all those hits. Right, Right. But I like the hire. I'm sure they got, they got money in, in, in, in cap space that they can improve this team. I, I love the hire by Ben Johnson. I got no qualms about that hire. He's put his time in as an offensive, as an offensive coordinator. As an offensive coach. I think it was right. It was the right time to, for him to get this job. So I I really, I really liked the hire. I'm a little surprised that he went in the same division as his former boss.


Normally they get, they get away ocho but hey, that was the best situation. I always thought that the Bears, for me that was the best situation that was available to me. Now, I mean, other people and people like the Raiders, you know Ka Tom Brady. Tom Brady didn't play a quarterback. Ain't ain't Ain't nothing to work with over there, huh? No, no, nothing wrong with Ain't got no quarterback. No. Yeah. So you, So you, you understood that that was, that was the best fit especially for him and what he bringing to the table. Yeah. I thought that was the best. I thought that the Jets, you got the jet situation, you got a lot of tough stuff going on with the Jets. What other, what other, what other, what other job is available? Ojo. The Jets was available. Saints. The Saints. The Saints. Hopefully Ag get the Saints or the Jets.


I know, I think he, he know he obviously Ag played with the Jets. Hell he played with the Saints also. He was on the defensive staff. He was on Sean Peyton staff when he was at, at the Saints. So, but I hopefully he gets one of these jobs. But it's gonna be tough without a quarterback. You gotta find a quarterback coach Joe. Without that, you don't really have a chance to have longevity. Your lease is gonna be short. Your lease is very short. If you ain't got no quarterback, Well our lease is short anyway. But anyway, that's not what we, we'll talk about that another day. But I like to hire, I like Ben Johnson hire Chicago should be good. That's a very tough division. Ocho you got young. We'll we'll see what Minnesota does with Sam Donald.


Right. Do they move on or do they get, keep Elevate. JJ McCarthy gonna be very interested 'cause you got Jordan Love, you got golf, you got Caleb Williams. So I like it. I like it. Ocho now that the season has ended, Cooper Cup doesn't know whether he'll be back with the Rams Cup said today. He has no doubt he'll play in 24. But there is doubt whether it's gonna be with the Rams intend to keep him cup. Yeah. Who knows what's going to happen. That's outta my control and I'll see what's going to, what it's going to be. I don't have any clarity on what's that going to look like or anything like that. So yeah, obviously would love to be in LA but I don't know what that's going to look like.


Well Matthew Stafford also said he wanted to take some time to mow his future after playoff loss. Man, I think what you call 'em got a big cap. What, what Cooper? Cooper Cup I think. What was it like 2120 $2 million Cap Cooper Cup. Oh, oh yeah. He has to take a peek at anyway if he does wanna stay in la Listen, they've already worked. They, they've already remember how we got talked about chat, you know, earlier with some of the top players in the league, they always find a way to work you out the system and the opportunities. You don't get the opportunities that you're used to. Obviously we talk about a Triple Crown winner then all of a sudden last year comes outta nowhere and he's having, he's, he's playing all World because they move you around and they work you out the system and put somebody else in the position in the players that you used to make.


That's all it is. That's all it's it's it's plug and play. It's plug and play. It's the game that they play toward the end of your career when they think you don't have it no more. Or when your cat, when your your, your number is too high and they want you to take a big cut. So now there's no argument that Cup can have and go to management and be like, well hell, I'm a Triple Crown winner. The first thing you gonna say, but look at your numbers this year, your numbers aren't what they, your numbers don't want. You are a Triple Crown winner. That's not what you are now. This ain't a lifetime achievement. We gonna pay you ba See and that's the thing what people get the mistake I'm paying you on what I believe you'll do moving forward. Right. Already paid you for that. Yeah, I paid you for that, don't you? Yeah. So that's what, So now I gotta like Jamar Chase, Jamar Chase the Triple Crown.


Hey y'all got that? No, y'all need to pay me on what y'all believe I can do moving forward. Right now I'm only 25, 26 years of age. I think over the next four or five years I can put up similar numbers. I'm not saying I'm gonna win the Triple Crown. Right. Because we haven't had, since the merger, we haven't had a, a two time Triple Crown winner. Now prior to that, you know Don Hudson won a bunch of them. Yeah, but that's neither here nor there. But I'm saying I'm paying Jamar Chase on what I believe he'll do now. But based on that Jamar Chase needs to be north of 35 million. Right At 40 maybe he says I want 40, I want $40 million, I want 200 million and I need a hundred of it guaranteed. 'cause I think the most guaranteed money might have been Jetta.


I think Jetta got like 80 something million fully guaranteed. Right. You know I want a Hyundai because y'all made me play when I could have gotten injured, I had to take out the insurance policy. So I had to spend money outta my pocket. So I need y'all to give me every, Hey, what old dude told him about Stack of two dude on Holler? I want everything you took tonight and everything. You took it last week. Yeah. Man, look Matthew Staffer's not going anywhere. See that's what you, when you want another big payday that what you like. Yeah. I'm gonna take some time. Come on man. Don't go nowhere. We got 50 million for you for three years. Come on man.


You, you know how they play the game. Yeah, but listen, they know better and Matthew Stafford knows that. Yeah. There is no answer. There is no backup. There is no resolve if he does wanna walk. So what's the first thing they have to do? Every team dire, every team is in dire need of a quarterback. Now I'm talking about a two old champion. Let him go. Oh, absolutely not. Because he made, well They did draft Ste Bennett Ocho, they took Steon Bennett I think in the fourth round out of Georgia. Two times a a I'm just Ocho I'm just saying now o they didn't do, they took him in the fourth round for a reason. They didn't take him as an ornament. They didn't take him as decoration. So you, you want, you want people to get fired then, huh?


I don't, I I'm just te ocho do you think they, do they draft, do they draft players for decorations? No They don't. The Patriot draft. Why did the Patriots draft Jimmy Garoppolo And what happened? I'm just not saying what happened, what they drafted. Yeah. We know why they're drafting. But you, you see what happened, right? Yes. Sometimes, sometimes you can make the decisions based on you draft somebody in the fourth round, but then you see the product on the field in certain situations in the preseason and in practice and already know. You know what, it don't matter what you making right now. Staff, we bringing you back. 'cause we know we can't count on what's here. But even you don't, that was behind you.


You just told me what they need in the, what they need in, in Las Vegas. A Quarterback. A quarterback. Now Derek Carr says he's not taking a pay cut or anything like that. He's got like 52 million. Gary, he got 52 million cap here. Ooh. If I like Matthew Stafford Day, hey there's no no, no nah. Hey, but Matthew Stafford is better than Derek Carr. I'm just, I'm just getting, I'm just just telling you the truth. Right. In the situation and the the Jets could, the Jets you was a quarterback. Ooh.


Now, now, now we, now we talking Now you making a little sense. You saying just saying Pittsburgh are you So you don't, you don't seem to be sold on Russ. I mean some people like, like J Fields, Justin Fields, I like Fields too. But Cleveland, how would Matthew Stafford look in Cleveland for a couple of years and you draft a quarterback and you let one of these quarterbacks rest a couple years behind him and do hey, take this thing over. So Matthew Stafford's going to have options. See that's the thing that you, the more options that you have, it's ocho it's just like a relationship.


Yeah. The more options a woman have, the harder the guy gotta come to impress her. If you ain't got no options, the guy, if you got options, you make it 10 million, 15 million, 30 million a year. You got options. The dude today got no options bro. You gotta take whatever, whatever. Like you, you gotta like her. Yeah, Yeah. You know, you get my age, you know you, you got a few options. They ain't like they used to be. You know they don't joke. They ain't, the options I used to have when I was 35 or whatever, 37. You know you boy about to be picture seven. So you don't every once in and you know your unc your aunt gotta get a straggling if necessary.


You know what I'm saying? Don't you? I can keep it one bottle with y'all y fellas. Hey I'ma be, I'ma be honest with y'all Chad. Hey I ain't got it like that. So you just gotta be honest. It wasn't for the time. Oshaa had options. Know I muscular diesel up ed up everywhere, you know what I'm saying? Don't choke. Make it good. I was my thirties. It ain't, it ain't no more. No, no, no. You know what I'm saying? Hey, hey so hey Ojo sometimes you know what you like.


Right. The ones that got the booty, you know on the Shelby sitting up there. Right, Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. You know, you know nice tight, you know. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Talk to me now. Hey, hey, I be on Instagram, I see them ones like that that come up by explore player. I just go ahead and scroll on up. I know y'all ain't even looking at old 57 Bureau. So let me go, go by, let me go look at a watch. Let me look, let me look at a car. Something that, that I gotta, at least I got a chance to get it right. Right, right. Say it back. Don't Joe. Everybody, I gotta know his limitations. Yeah, yeah. I listen. The, the listen, it's one thing about knowing your limitations, but it's also understanding that they don't know no better.


They don't know no better. Okay. You, you have to understand those that they're going to give an opportunity to. They're competing with everybody else at a chance to be the main. And most of the time you never will be the main because the guys, you chasing a guy that have a roster and a hair and milk whip And they got choices. Old po hustler like shade. They call me, you know they call me the PO hustler back in the day. Right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I ain't got no options like that. Right. You know what I'm saying? Oh, y'all one 'em old cars. Yes sir. You roll down the window. Right. You know what I'm saying? You know I ain't got all them surround sign balls or hardened Carmen, you know, 14 speakers in the car and all that stuff. I ain't got no franc seat.


I ain't got no thing to ver you know, massage my back. But I ain't, I ain't got all the options on me. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, a a age, age, age plays a factor. Now I, I don't think people understand. Boy listen, especially for when it come to women too. And, and fellas, if you gonna to get it and get it done, you gotta get it done early. When you start hitting your third, you hit 35 and you and you hit 40 and thinking you still got the options you have when you were younger. Oh no. Oh no honey, you don't, you know, Ain't no sense in lying trust. I been 40, I been 40. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't care how fine you is. I don't, I don't care how good you think You look. You still ain't got the box like you want had when you was in twenties. Uhuh.


It ain't what you thinking Ocho I've been in my thirties. Hey guess what? In my fifties I got a little bit more money than I had in my twenties and thirties. Yeah. And it's, and it's still a little, it's still a little hard now. Yeah, I think I, I thought I would be a little bit even more attractive when I got old Ben, when I got Ben and Thomas Jefferson looking over my shoulder like this here. Right. Don't look a little better right now. No. Yeah. No, he's still old, So it's what it is. Yeah. That's, that's, that's why Hey, that, that's why, that's why Michael, that's why I, I done hung, I hung the jersey up in the rafters, man. I hung the jersey up in the rafter. Yeah. Yes. So look, it is what it is.


Like I said, but Matthew Stafford's gonna have options. It's always nice to have options because when you got options, that means you don't have to settle because a lot of times don't, Joe, you ain't got no options. You gotta settle. And you know what I noticed when people don't, when people realize that you don't have options, they give you their butt to kiss. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. When they feel, when they feel like, oh, what you going to do? You dependent on me. Whether it's financial or whatever, whatever kind of support that you can offer that they don't feel you can get anywhere else. Man, boy, look here. Yeah. That's why you listen. You always gotta stay two steps ahead. Huh?


You always gotta stay two steps Ahead. I can't stay too, I gotta stay even with him because he just won't let me move too steps too fast on Joe. I gotta stay. I can't, I can't get ahead on Mo Joe. I just stay. So I see him start to get a little ahead of it. I'm like okay, that that mean you about to, you about to pull a pull a a, a a move on me and get on up outta here. Okay. Oh, I tried it for a while lasted. Hell no. But You do what you gotta do Ocho. I ain't, I ain't know. I ain't what I used to be. I ain't what I used to be Ocho. Oh hey there was some good days. Just think about it though, bro. It was.


And some good days Wes. Ooh, Sun getting old. LoJo it sunk getting old. But yeah, you short, You got me jogging. You got my memory. I'm, I'm jogging through my memory and just, and thinking about, you know, down memory lane and you know, I, I still got a little kick to me, you know, but She ain't it funny how time just slips on away. Yeah. And you can't get it back there. No, no, no. You can't get it back. You can't get it back. Dang. Mm. Well I had, I had my run, I had a little nice little, you know what I'm saying? Well I Had, hey, I had a good, oh, I had a good run now.


Oh. Oh. Once upon time I was Usain Boat. Usain boat. For, for yeah, for a a period of time, sir. With a fan man for 12 years. Scratch. He the fan man in the world. Yes sir. That time belong to somebody else. Hey, I did what I did. I did what I could. It ain't like that old four. Nah, o sha you know my brother called me Sha o sha o chateau. You know they call me. My teammate used to call me Chateau. Yeah. O Chateau can't do it no More. Nah, I ain't, I ain't listen, I ain't not that to the passage yet. I ain't not. I ain't, I ain't that far gone. More money out there grazing. I'm out there grazing them. The grazing in the grass. That's about it. But I tell you what I can do, you know, I keep them roast sparks.


Look, I keep them roast sparks over now. Hey, they can't tell. Hey, Hey. They like you took that dog. What pill Uhuh? That, that's that, that was all you Take a, I take a, I take a multivitamin. Yeah. That Was all me honey. Yeah. Yeah.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of Correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. It changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


OO more money roast marks dis dissolves under your tongue for faster results. And by results I mean downstairs. You know what I'm saying? O Yeah. What they I ain't got nothing going on. Plus it lasts up to 36 hours. So when you get turned on, start the show. Start the show, they say 15 minutes, 10, find out if a's prescription for row sparks are right for you at row.co/ Nightcap ojo. Like I'm said now you gotta take it probably like I'm say I don't have nothing of my sister, right? Because the a ojo that roast mark, that roast bar ain't like right now. Number one OO mark. Hey, I ain't gonna lie to o joke. Yeah, that right. Hey, you put that Rose Sparks on her. She gonna hand you one of these. I promise you. Hey, you ain't at no game. Hey man, hey, hey. Send me, send me some of them. See you here. No, I rose far man. Hey Chad. Y'all laughing. I tell right? I hey y'all think I played y'all put them Rose Sparks on it. I guarantee when you come on the next day, you have one of these sitting right there on thing. When you come in the house, You number one, Hey, the, the thing the truth. Now on Joe, I'm telling you What, listen, I, you keep, you keep telling me the truth. I need, I need a test drive. I need to try it. I got this. I'm tell you like, hey, I, I got, hey, I got the, I got the perfect candidate Ocho you remember how they used to have them signs like, well, like, like back in, in, in Jim Crow, they said for like whites only white water fountains, only whites dine only, right? Them Rose Sparks. The ones I got for my ding-a-ling only. So I don't know to tell you, you outta gas old Joe. You know what I'm a I'm gonna order some, I'm gonna order some What, what That what you should do. What's the psych? What's the psych? I'm gonna order my own Row.co/ Nightcap. Matter of fact, I'm for order, I'm for to order some right now. Hold on. Hey, you right. Hey them Rose Sparks have you right now. I'm telling you now. Y'all laughing. Y'all think I pled? Y'all finna go and get some of them Go on and go and order and I guarantee you when y'all put 'em on, when you come home tomorrow, this one of these and your teams What? I don't know. Hey, y'all have one of these now, now for a nominal fee, I might be willing to autograph this and send it. Who would like to win this? I've had this thing, I had this thing probably about 10, 11 years as a matter of fact. I went somewhere and it's like, you're not supposed to take that. I say, oh, I just leave it with me man. Y'all, y'all have me in here. Cutting up man. Hey, hold on. Let y'all see that thing one more time. Ocho I'm telling you the role sparks they the truth. I got my, I got my order in. I'm ready. Ready man. I'm, I'm gonna save him from February 14th.


Many scouts believe the Browns will take Travis Hunter number two overall and focus on a quarterback later in the draft. A multitude of a multitude of NFL scouts or reportedly of the belief that there is no way Shado Sanders would play for the brows even if the brows were interested in picking him. There's reportedly thought amongst scouting circles that if Hunter were to go to Cleveland, he would have a Jim Brown type impact on the franchise. Browse whole 33rd and 67th overall pick, which would possibly give them a potential to select Jackson Dart Quinn Ewers. Jayla Morrow or Kyle McCord. This is going to be a franchise changing draft for the Browns.


Hey, What you thinking Ocho? I li I li I like it. I like it. You know their identity anyway is defense. Is is their defense, honestly, until you get a quarterback at, at the camp, yes. That can change the franchise right around like Jay Daniels has done like a CJ Straub has done. But can you imagine Denzel Ward and god damn Travis Hunter. I don't, I don't care if you got Denzel Award. I don't care if you got prime time. I don't care if you got male blunt. I don't care if you got reba's, if you cannot score, you cannot win in this league or Joe. Yeah, I I I understand. So you gotta start somewhere. You, you, you, you got to build a foundation somewhere. You gotta start somewhere. And it's been how long since they've had a quarterback OT Graham?


Nah, I been, they had some good years with, with Bernie. Oh yeah. You know Bernie, you know they had the, the cardiac, the cardiac browns with what was the guy named Brian site? Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, I think in the 80 19 80 site was an MVP. But, and you know, they, they had some, they had some situations, I think it was Bernie, that they went to those a FC championship games that they ended up losing to the Broncos. Yeah. They lost twice the Broncos in the a FC championship game. But it's been a while. That's been ocho that's been 30 plus years ago. Hell yeah, that was before I got there. They lost, as a matter of fact, they lost to the Browns the year before I got there. So that was 89. I got to the in 90.


So hell, that was what, 35, 36, 37 years ago. Shit. And when I, when I, when I think about it, you talking about putting, about putting, putting asses, excuse me, talking about putting butts in seats. They had Baker, I mean B the Baker, look, they had Baker and Baker had a a a, a couple good years, but they didn't have a talent around him. He got hurt. And like I said, baker needed to move on. They didn't, they didn't, they didn't like, and you have to accept Baker for who he is. He's a, he's, he's cocky. He believes in his ability. Yeah. I got no prob. I got no problem with that. You know, they, they, you know, they like, well we want an adult in the, in the building. But he's where Baker is where he should be.


Right in Tampa playing unbelievable football. Oh yes sir. For a team that believes in him. Players that believe in him. And I'm glad that he was able to but Cleveland, you're gonna have to find somebody. You got your Jerry Judy, you got in ku, you probably need another receiver. Probably need to start looking at a running back. You know, offensive line is okay, but you're probably gonna need to revamp your offensive line. Yeah, I agree with them. I don't know if you're do it, that's not a place you do would want to go. I'm not so sure time would want him to go there. Right.


But at the end of the day, Browns you, 'cause you look what's in that division, you got Lamar Lamar's gonna be in Baltimore for another decade. Joe Burrow is gonna be in Cincinnati for another decade. Now Pittsburgh, they're gonna obviously they, they, they, they're kinda like in limbo or we got, we can't keep Russ for another year or two or do we go ahead and transition and move to Justin Fields. But you cannot compete with just your defense trying to shut down Burrow and Lamar. You gotta have a quarterback and you gotta have somebody that can go toe to toe with 'em. Right. So yeah, draft is O Joe. Yeah. Speaking of Jalen Milroe, he posted an image on IG saying he's in Cleveland and deleted it shortly after.


Can you see the Browns drafted Mel row with the number two overall quarterback number two overall pick? No sir. I can't either. No sir. No, no sir. And that's no disrespect to him? No. No. What about at 33 or 76? Okay, now, now now 33, that's the first pick in the second round. 76 is probably about the second or third. That'll be like the eighth or ninth. That'll be like the eighth or ninth pick. 12th pick in the third round. I can see you ear early second. I can see that now, now that I can see. But passing up on Travis Hunter or obviously Ward or Yeah.


Or Cam. Yeah, no, I agree. Ocho a study by Oxford University researchers found that women typically have five close friends but lose two of them when entering a new relationship due to reduced time or shift in priorities. However, those losses are often balanced by gaining a new friend, usually through their partner. Professor Robin Dunbar tributes the trend, the trend to the focused attention on a romantic relationship demands leading to natural fading of some friendships. Hmm. I mean listen, I I I, now I'm thinking I can only speak from experience, I can only speak from experience for me is regardless of any relationships I've gotten in throughout the years, my my friend circle has always been the same.


It's always remained the same. Didn't it say women? Oh Okay. I see, I see you going, I see you going with this. But I, I think That's what they be hating. That would be talking about out here. Ain't nothing on you. He cheat the feet. Y'all trip because y'all be one of, y'all be trying to keep her, keep her close. Let us spend time with me. Let us spend time with Ocho Most of the time. You know what, her friend girls, they be single. They be single. And I, you know And mad 'cause you won't go to the club with no more with y'all. Right. You, Your single friends will keep those that have boyfriends or husbands single. They want. I try to, they want You, they want you miserable with them.


They do. They give, they give you the worst advice. They give you the worst advice. So you could be miserable with them. Wow. I can see that Ocho I do because you know, all of a sudden, you know they used to go to the club, they go on the trips to Cancun, they go in the Tulum and all that. And now she wanna spend time with a man. She want to be booed up with me. You Know, in the depend The, you ain't got no time. So Oh, you too good to hang out. Yep. Because I'm in a serious relationship. I'm trying to settle down. I'm gonna to get married, maybe have kid, Hey, ain't no kid going, ain't no kids jumping off. Maybe what I might could squeeze out one. I don't know Right. How to get this, you know how to get this, this pipe cleaned out.


Little rusty up in there. You know what I'm saying? No choke. But get that, you know I might can squeeze out one. Yeah, there you go. Well, you know, you gotta clean it. Especially depending on who you're dating after a while, if you're dating after a while, you know guys will allow that. Women take friend girls go on girl trips. You know, friend girls, we going dinner, go to go to outings. You know, I think that's healthy for relationships when women can steal. Oh yeah. I I ain't got no problem with that. You go, Hey, I ain't with you girl. You know, do your thing. Hey, but just know they don't mean no good. I ain't lied on they, they, hey they happen that you got, hey, you got a nice line, you got a G wagon, you got this, got this big old house. Yeah you go, you ain't gotta work.


You got somebody clean the house three times a week. You got somebody preparing the meals. Hey, your family taking care of blah blah, blah. A Don't mess that Up. Don't mess that up. Now For you be out there like them texting three different people to to, to make ends meet. All right. He get the purses. Another one get the shoes, another one feed the all right. Yeah. You get flowers once a week, you get flowers once a week. Matter of fact, I done bought you a garden. So you go pick your own flowers man.


Five Fly girlfriend. See women got more friends. Women, women normally have more friends than guys. Don't. Yo Yeah. Yeah. Most When I'm talking about like close friends, like I'm saying like, like you'll actually like talk to, you know what I'm saying? Like share things with Nah, because see for me, if I tell somebody something and I hear it again, I already know where it came from. 'cause I ain't talking with two people. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. See girl like, and see when somebody tell me something Ocho man can I tell you something? Okay. Before you tell me who else have you told? Right? Right. Because I don't want you to come back. Bring your ass over here talking about man, did you tell hell no? Who did you tell?


I ain't want to tell nobody that bull job that you told me. So before you tell me who did you tell man? I talk. I say see. Okay, now don't tell me. Hey, you know what? Hey I, it's another question since we are on the topic. How come women friendships never really last. Especially when it's a group. If they go on a trip together, they come back, they gonna be Beefing. You ain't Anybody praying no more. They go to dinner parties, you know, everybody split the bill then they're not friends no more. Yeah. Like there's always a story or situation, especially on Twitter or ask whatever you wanna call it where it's always happening and it happens continuously.


And regardless of age, the teenagers, the older group, even the old, the, you know the of age, everybody be going through it. I'm like why does it always happen with women? They can never remain friends for a very, very long time. They always end up falling out about something that's so simple. They give a girlfriend one chance but they give, they give Jojo, he get 30 chances and mess up. But the girl give one chance. She don't come to my birthday dinner. No, I ain't, I ain't talking to that bitch. No. Yeah, I, women come, come ojo like, like I, I I, I I guess I think I'm unique. Like I ain't the guy like, like if I like my, first of all, I ain't gotta worry about this 'cause bucket and burns married, but If Right My homeboy's like okay you interested in somebody, I'm good because I always felt that if you try to holler at me, you try to get back at them.


You try to tick them off. I ain't try to tick my homeboys off Now there are some, some men your bodies Yeah. Hey you turn your back. They like Yeah, You know back, back with your old o osha, you know have got a stepper. I kept a stepper. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. And, and I, if didn't, they didn't nobody want what I, what I need for, I I need a looker. Yeah. You're supposed to be a looker Turn. I need you to turn heads now.


And I'm always getting there first. 'cause I want you to walk in 'cause I wanna see the reaction. Don't care if the guys look, I wanna see the women that look because if they look, I know I got something, I know I got a, I know I got a winner. Right. That's what you need to look, look here guys, they'll hit the crack of dawn and then they ain't saying nothing about, they ain't saying nothing for them. Right. But when them women look, ooh okay, I like what she got on. You know? Yeah. Yeah. You know she got on some Tom Ford heels or some ysl, maybe some Balenciaga boots. You know the Balenciaga got them Kneehigh boots right now?


Yeah. Oh Yeah. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. They ain't see they Ain't season now it's when it's cold now. For sure. For sure. With a nice bag, you know, Playing YSL Dior, lv you know one of 'em on nice ones. Yeah. Man. Ain't nothing like, ain't nothing like a beautiful woman. Nah, ain't nothing like it. O Joe. Listen, God knew what he was doing when he made women in general. When is one of the greatest creations ever known to man ever. Ain't nothing like of Ocho a woman that, that work out just a little. I ain't say she, that's gotta be her life.


Right. But just a little Ocho. Yeah. Lord, forgive me for my ways. Tough, tough.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at the Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. It changed it and the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race's. Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


What's up everybody? I'd n RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NH Challenge scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah, I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now you Wish you could pull off my short shorts Burkey That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Woo.


Alright on your time for our final segment of the evening. It is time for q and a. Hello. Let, let me use the bathroom real quick. Go ahead. Jay Dun from Akron. Appreciate the love for my alma mater. Go bucks. I'm gonna celebrate by buying a couple of bottles of La Portier and OCHO cigars. Keep up the good work. Ocho still waiting on that jersey. Stay strong Jenkins family. Buckeye Nation. Alright jw. I appreciate that man. Congratulations man. I know that's been a long time 'cause y'all guys been knocking on the door. You went to a couple of you in the, finally lost to Clemson one year and the next year y'all go and y'all get blown out by Alabama. Y'all just kept knocking, kept knocking and finally you guys got over the hump.


So congratulations. We appreciate that. Yeah, and I guess this incident, Ohio, I don't know if you're still in Ohio but this incident did happen in Ohio. So yeah, we sent out thoughts and prayers to the Jenkins family that had to go through what they went through. But the Buckeyes did, it seemed like to me. I thought Texas was their toughest opponent. Look, Notre Dame made the game interesting late in the ball game but at 30 wasn't nothing. I don't know how many people stayed around that was there that when the Iris started making the comeback was still tuned in and watching at that point in time. But give the Buckeyes credit, hell of a season lost Oregon redeemed that loss, lost the final game of the season to Michigan.


But I think this national championship, I think it it, it makes up for that loss to Michigan by winning the national championship there, the national champs. So d jw. I appreciate that man. I appreciate the support. I appreciate you watching Nightcap supporting O Ocho and I and I definitely appreciate you supporting La Portier so thank you man. Appreciate that. Yeah Ocho get that man in Jersey. Isaiah, Lancaster, UNC and Ocho. Does Allen defeat Mahomes this weekend? And what's your thoughts on Chandler parts and saying KD is better than Kobe all time his opinion but Kobe was way better. Two-way player to me. Man, that's gonna be a great game.


What's the weather gonna be like in Kansas City? I don't think it didn't pass either. 'cause both of 'em used to play in the cold. Both games were cold yesterday. J Dub said he still waiting on his jersey. J Send me here. I need his information. Huh? Ash done sent you the information twice? No she didn't. She sent it. Who? She sent it to me. M Mia, MRE Ryan. Oh she sent to Ryan? Yep. Tell Ryan send it to me. I got, I got I what? That your sister? What day you be telling Ryan to send it to you? Oh my bad. Yeah I got, I got Jersey, I got jerseys right.


I got three jerseys right now sitting in the whatcha call it. I'm talking about game. I'm talking about game jerseys too. Game one. Yeah. Yeah. He said he gonna buy some cigars. He gonna celebrate 'cause he a Buckeye alum so he gonna buy some cigars and some La Portier. Yeah. Celebrate Isaiah Lancaster. Ask Ocho does Josh Allen defeat Mahomes this weekend? And what are your thoughts on Chandler Parson saying KD is better than Kobe? His opinion, but Kobe was a better two-way player For one. The basketball question is better suited for you Unc. Oh my goodness. That's gonna be a good one.


Mahome is gonna have to play mistake free. I mean not Mahomes Josh Allen gonna have to play mistake free football, huh? Yeah. One tournament could be the difference in the ball game. I think they're gonna have to steal a, a possession or two. They gotta steal a possession or two and play mistake free football. And there's a good chance the bills win this game. There's a good chance the bills win this game. But them, they, they goddamn Mahomes man, that, that that Patty Mahome. But yeah, it's hard to bet against it. They they are firing on all cylinders. On all cylinders. That's gonna be a good game man. That's gonna be a good game. That's gonna be a great game.


Yeah man. Hey, what, what do you think about that question about, you know, KD being better than, better than Kobe? I think he's better at certain things than Kobe. Yeah. Maybe a three point shooter, maybe a mid-range, but as a better Nah, I I ain't going there Like all around. No, no, No, no. Nah, nah. That's not close. All around Kobe was a a a seven or was a eight or nine time all defensive team player. Right. First team along with all those all NBA first team, a five time champion, a two time finals. MVP Which Katie, Katie is a two time finals.


M-V-P-I-I can't go there. Wait, in what, in what context is he speaking in KD being better? What? Maybe a pure, I guess he's saying he's a better all time player and I don't know what he's basing it on. Right. Is he a be, is KA better three point shooter? Yeah. Better in the midrange. Yes, but Kobe ah, I can't go there. Yeah, he's more efficient than Kobe. See, kd kd, KD game is not predicated on a whole bunch of shots. KD game is predicated on efficiency. Right. KD is the type of guy that can go get 40 points on 18 shots.


Dang. Which is rare because, and I'm not, not for big. Now you talking about a guy that just like a shot. Yeah. Getting 48 because you know he gonna dunk the ball, but kd getting kd, shooting jumpers mid-range. So, nah, I, I can't, I'm gonna disagree with Chandler, that's his opinion, but I disagree. Tony BR says, are you with my family? Is golf a top 10 quarterback In this year? Yes. Yeah, Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I mean, you got Mahomes Lamar, Josh Allen, hell this year, hell, what you call the top 10 quarterback Jayden Daniels.


Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. I mean, the way golf has played the last couple of years, you have to put him in the top 10. Tim Lee said, come on, Uhuh Ocho, come on bro. I don't even think Purdy is good, but see, but to see Lance is better is just asinine. Do you think Shanahan Lynch are dumb? Purdy shouldn't get 50 million, but he's definitely better than Lance. Mm. That, that, that, that just, that just pains me at times. I, I'm for real. That, that, that pains me at time. But it, it, it happens. Aaron Owen says, what's up?


Unc had Jamal Lewis not torn his acl L in oh one. Do you think you guys, do you think you guys go back to back? Nah, the team had changed too much. We had all of a sudden thought, you know, we threw the ball more than what we should have. Yeah. I thought TA came in and did a great job of Terry Allen. We got him a homeboy. He was at Minnesota, had some good years, great years in Minnesota, had some good years at Washington, but we're a different team. The defense was not as, vaunted was not as scary as it was the previous year. Teams had kind of figured us out a little bit and so even when we didn't turn the ball over, teams had a little bit more success.


Their offense had a little bit more success. Ocho on our defense and what they had in the past. JW said, Ash just sent your info to Rel, she's gonna make it happen. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, she she got it. They, yeah. So yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make her make, make her ship it off too. I bet. I bet you had. I bet you. What's the day, what's the day on today? Monday on? Yeah. No, today, Tuesday, because we already Oh, okay. Tuesday. I I bet you had, I bet you had that jersey before Thur before Thursday Or Friday. Yeah. You gotta sign it though. No, I, they, they already signed. I'm gonna just get, give, I'm okay. Yeah. I'm meant to give him one of them. Okay. I Ain't, okay.


Sheldon Pope said if Magic Johnson wins a Super Bowl, what, what can we say about him? He wins at all level NBA championship Dodgers and in Washington, I think he won one with the, the Galaxy and he won one with the Sparks. Look, ah, Lee Magic just knows how to do it. He's a very savvy businessman. He knows where to put his money. He surrounded himself with great people. That's the part about, that's what I'm saying, don't yo, when you win, that's your brand. People wanna associate with winners. Yeah. That's how Magic was able to make all these contacts being with the Lakers being in LA and boom, he get put in place, you know, the Starbucks deal and the Magic Johnson theaters and the Magic Johnson skating rinks and all that other stuff that came along with being Magic Johnson and being in LA and winning People wanted to associate with it.


Yeah. Oh, relationships are so important though. It, it is all about relationship. What you get to this level, relationships Are so important and not burning bridges along the way. 'cause you never know when you might need somebody. Nehemiah Gene Philippe, was there any fallout mate called the Julio Jones, the live TV when he wanted to be traded? What was the aftermath? I wish I wouldn't have called Julio. I kind of put him in a bad spot. I didn't kind of, I put him in a bad spot. Julio felt that when they started talking about, you know, everybody was safe.


Matt Ryan was the only one safe and everybody else. He felt he should have been included in the Matt Ryan. He felt he should have been untouchable. Right. And he knew it came from someone in the front office always. And it ticked him off. It, it, because Julio gave everything to the Falcons. He probably played some games that he probably shouldn't have played. He probably should have took some taken, taken some time off. But he had a great situation in in, in, in Atlanta. They, they treated him well. And I think, you know, Ocho sometimes, you know when emotion is high, logic is low. And you hear us say that here. I, I think, you know, and the gentleman we just had Mikey on, he'd say, look, don't be don't, don't make an emotional decision.


And he was hurt that they thought that, oh, we just move on with Julio. We just keep Matt when he really should have just stayed because Julio had it really good there. Yes sir. With his practice schedule. He didn't realize everybody don't, everybody don't do that Ocho everybody don't let their bedroom bedrooms just come out there and, and do a little bit on Wednesday. A little bit on Thursday, hit it on Friday and then go play on on sat on Sunday. Right. Everybody ain't got it like that, don't y'all. But I talked to, I talked to Julio. I just hate that I put him in that spot. I really do because Julio Julio's a great, is a great guy.


Re what's up, Nightcap, maybe Vet, can you shout out my wife, PFC Diamond Hawkins on deployment in Kuwait. If JD five go to the Super Bowl, do we look, do we look at other, other quarterbacks differently? Even more body of work. IE Lamar Diamond. P-F-C-P-F-C is private first class. Diamond Hawkins on pull up on deployment in Kuwait. Wanna Oh, that's his wife. Oh, okay. Hurray Diamond, how you doing? I don't know if you're watching this, but thank you for your service. Your hub. Wanna wish you give you a shout out. She's in deployment in Kuwait.


Ocho thank you for your, your, your service. Your service to all the men and women in the military. Thank you so much for all you do to keep us safe and sound. If Daniels go to the Super Bowl. Of course. That's, that's the thing. We look at all quarterbacks differently when somebody goes to the Super Bowl. That's ultimately that's what, that's what you do. That's why you make the big bucks. Yeah. There's a reason why no, no player is it within $20 million to $15 million, 30 million to 30 $25 million at the top quarterback. The highest paid wide receiver makes 25 million. The highest paid quarterbacks make 60 million. There's a reason why no other players within 25 million are the highest paid quarterback.


That's the expectations. They get all the, they get all the credit, they get all the blame. Tara Buller said, my daughter Camaro Buller made the dean list at Savannah State. She's also a sophomore now. Can you give her a shout? Shout out Kamar. Congratulations. Congratulations. SSU College by the C. You can get anywhere from here. Congratulations on making the dean list. Terl. I know you're proud of Kimora. We're I'm proud being a proud alum. Thank you for sending your daughter to us. She's in great hands. Congratulations, Kamar on making Dean's List. Job Salazar. What's up? Fucking don't your love this show. Can y'all do me a favor? Wishing my two boys Zza and Avion Happy birthday Bra, QRA.


Kiandra my girlfriend. Happy early birthday, bro. What's up with these names? Zrich and Zavian? Happy birthday. Your dad wanted us to wish you a happy birthday. Hopefully you guys did something fun, played some video games, got a new PlayStation, Xbox or whatever kids of your ages get Kandra your girlfriend. He wanted, Joseph wanted to wish you a happy early birthday. Now hopefully y'all do something fun, something romantic. You know how y'all do, you know? Yeah. Hey, Joe, go to get it in now. Hey, get them roast barks, bro.


Trudy Lawrence says she, she ocho at midnight will be my birthday. Can't wait to hit that high note for my birthday. And thanks for the sport and most of all the laugh. That's what I'm talking about. Trudy. Trudy says she gonna hit that high note. Yeah. Okay. That isn't that thing Trudy said. She ready to get a mean one. Happy early birthday, Trudy. Hoping you do something fun. Get some great gifts, hang out with family, friends and loved ones. That's what it's all about. Antonio Taylor say, well, y'all run the show an extra 30 minutes to hit the it's a good night. No, because I gotta work in the morning. Me too.


Jordan said, who's a better driver? Men or women? Who's a better driver? Ojo Men. And there, there are some women that, that can drive, but the majority of men are good. The majority of women are bad. They can't even parallel park. Oh, oh yeah. Hey, I know what I made that, that Austin Powers clip. Oh yeah. That's the, whoa, She gave, she did The wheel. Oh, the wheels came off, didn't it? Oh, she done messed up. She cracked it to the little ball.


Lord have mercy. She Done wreck that. She take off running. Hey, call the cops. Leave the scene of an accident. Failing to and render aid. You must have been intoxicated, Lord Halbert. The how you drive right into the wall And you gotta, you gotta learn how to whip. You gotta know how to whip that thing. Gotta bring that thing. Bring it, bring it, bring it in and come on. Lord have mercy.


I mean she, Hey, she stepped on the gas too, aren't you? You hard? Yeah, she, she drunk. She drunk. I don't, I don't, I don't know who she worked for, but I don't know she gonna be employed tomorrow. Nah, and it's on camera too. She done broke the people And she take off running. That's what got it on Cho. She take off running What? Bam. Run there. Like what? She took her Don't your watch this? She took off. Yeah, she brought she she outta there.


Ocho what does she don't? What if she don't work there? What does she done? Snuck past security To, to be where she is. They gotta be somebody. 'cause Coach Ryan Day had just walked by too. He was in the car in the front seat. Oh he was? Yes. Oh Lord. They gotta be somebody employed. Oh no. I don't know. She gonna be gainfully employed tomorrow. That's just me. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you. And again, congratulations to the Buckeyes as they take down the Irish of Notre Dame. 34 to 23 to win their first national championship since in 20, what?


They won 2014, they won the first, the first college football playoff. They won the first 12 team college, 12 team college playoffs. They won. I'm your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp. He the Liberty City legend, the Bing A Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for the support. Thank you for the continued support. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Buckeye fans. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shaa by La Porter for your new national champion?


If you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. And please, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month. We've got t-shirts, sweats, beanies, cozies and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour. Stop. They're on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. The VIP meet and greet. Tickets are sold out, but there are still plenty of tickets left to attend the big show.


They were the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe have been nominated for NAACP Image award. Nightcap was a nominated for outstanding podcasts and art, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcasts in society and culture. Please go vote for your two favorite guys. Ojo and I and the link is pinned in our social bios. We wanna thank our special guests, Mikey and his wife, Brianna, Brittany. Brittany, not Brianna, Brittany for joining us and sharing their side of the story. What actually happened, not the story that was being portrayed by, you know who doing all that crying.


No more fake tears. Ain't nobody believe that. Thank you. But thank you Mikey, for coming on. Thank you for holding your composure. Thanks for putting us in a very, very positive light. And thank you again for you and your wife coming on and sharing with us. And we wish your family peace, safety, and continued success. Ohio State beats Notre Dame for the National Championship. 34 to 23 is the first national championship since 2014. Congratulations to Ryan Dak with his first national championship. He was the offensive coordinator when Urban Meyer led him to a national championship. He took over for Urban and he's what? He's 70 and 10 many Big 10 championships, but now he has a national championship.


So congratulations to Coach Day and the Buckeyes and Buckeye Nation, Buckeye Country, whatever you call yourself. Congratulations. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We're out and we'll see you down the road.


The Volume catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast and you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers in the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.