
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy


What's new from Apple. There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability Updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


This song goes out to my new Best pal PayPal. Now that I get 5% cash back with my PayPal debit card every month on the category, I choose my PayPal and I we're going everywhere together. 'cause I want to pay with you everywhere. I pay with PayPal at the shoe store, the Wind Chime store, the.com store, all the stores. Oh, ah, don't just pay PayPal Terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bay and Court Bank NA pursuant to licensed by MasterCard International Inc.


I'm Victoria Cash and I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com. And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Boyd, we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's Free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.


The Volume


NFL week one is here. And the new season mean new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna back touchdowns. Draft King heard us and is delivering DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us DraftKings Sportsbook app use Coach Shannon. That's Cole Shannon. For new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us again for a very, very special episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite aunt, or it used, I used to be. Hopefully I still am your favorite up. That guy is your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro, the legendary from Liberty City. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, do us a favor, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. We need you more than anything. 'cause I don't know how much longer our YouTube page is gonna be open. So please hit that subscribe button. Please hit that like button. And do us a favor. Make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Every pod, every subscriber counts. And, we thank you, thank you so very, very much for your support, for your loyalty that have helped us get this far. Again, thank you Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock and if we don't have it in a city or a state near you, you can order it from our e-commerce site and we'll ship it directly to your door. Thank you for so much for helping Shea by La Porter grow by leaps and bounds. Please go follow my media company page or all platforms that Shehe Media and my clothing company 84, who designed these tees, this one club shehe and this one of these two handsome gentlemen that's Ocho and myself like that.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat tour shirts and hat dropped this week as we did the new shirts of making fun. Yeah, y'all love making fun of my situations of my situation today. Guys, please go buy. Please go by yours@eightyfour.com. Ocho I'm gonna turn the floor over to you, bro. I mean, I mean, I honestly, I don't, I don't even know where to start. I'm just getting off a flight. I, I, I rush here for one. I'm filming the inside the NFLI check my phone before I go to the C block and I got 73 missed calls.


So I'm, I'm, I'm nervous, I'm scared because anytime you have that amount of missed calls, most of the time it is a death in the family. So I I I, I opened my messages and, you know, obviously everyone in the chat is understanding the situation that happened earlier today due to unfortunate circumstances. And I have to catch a flight, so I don't, I don't know what's going on. I get on the plane, I rush to the airport. I land in Chicago, so I get to Chicago. So I'm just getting to my hotel just now. Just now. And obviously I was able to catch up on the, on the events that occurred earlier today.


And ho honestly, I mean, I'm, I'm in a, in a tough spot. I'm baffled. I I never thought I'd see the day where you unc would pull something so outta character, you know, let's be honest, a little unprofessional. Yeah, I'm, I'm not mad. I'm not, I'm not mad. I'm, I'm thoroughly disappointed because I hold you to a much higher standard, the type of standard that you just try to chastise me for just Saturday. So this has really sent me into a complete shock as someone who always tries to keep everything that he does top tier from top to bottom, especially when it comes to life and, and all that you do in work and, and being a professional is, it's, it's disheartening to see the tables turn like this.


I wasn't even sure if I was gonna show up the Nightcap night. I, I honestly, I wasn't even sure if I was gonna show up night. I was feeling a little too betrayed a a as a coworker. But the people want what's best for, for us as a show, as a duo. And, and, and clearly, I, I had to show up and, and, and let you know. I understand. Things happen, mistakes happen, life happens. I was afforded a second chance at life. And as my partner, I'm going to give you the grace that I was given and give you a second chance as well.


Well, I I, I appreciate that. I'm gonna touch on what you just said in a few minutes. Or Joe, there are a series, there are an event that happened today. Obviously, I, I'm embarrassed. Someone that is extremely, extremely private. And to have one of your most intimate details, the audio heard for the entire world to hear. I'm embarrassed for a number of reasons. People count on Shannon Shehe Media Club, Shehe Nightcap, ESPN. There are a lot of people that count on Shannon to be professional at all times.


And I always try to be professional at all times, even when I'm behind closed doors. I still try to remain a level of professional. Although I'm am the privacy of my own home. And I'm very disappointed in myself. Not for the act. I think there are millions and billions of people of consenting age that engage in activities. But for, to have your most intimate detail on the audio to be heard, I'm disappointed in myself. I let a lot of people down, my kids, I reached out to them. I called them, I called my sister, my friends, obviously my friends reached out.


But guys, this was not staged. Came in. I threw my phone on the bed, GD in an activity. I did not know IG Live. I've never been on IG Live. I've never turned IG live on. So I don't know how it works. And so all of a sudden my other phone is going off and people are calling me FaceTime that I've never talked to a day in my life on FaceTime. And it didn't. I'm like, why are y'all calling me FaceTime? And after a while, Jamie Fritz, who's been my longtime marketing guy, he finally got through to me and he says, Shannon, you on IG live? I'm like, doing what? You know?


I'm like, what about on IG Live four? I ain't hit no IG live button. He says, they can hear. I'm like, I'm like, so now Ocho you know, I say, ask for patience. He said, they can hear. And now I'm starting to get agitated again because you called me and say I'm on IG Live when I know I didn't click myself on IG Live. And he said, they can hear me. I said, hear me Doing what? Said, it sounds like you were having sex. Man, my heart sank. It dropped. And obviously I run, I run my accounts. But Jordan being the Good Samaritan, the the good soldier that is Jordan, the one that cut it off.


'cause hell, I didn't even know it was on Jordan. Cut it off, Jordan put the message up. And then after I called my agent, I called my agent the agency. I called ESPN after I, I, like, I just got this good. Tell 'em the truth. I said, I just got to tell 'em the truth. My phone wasn't hacked. It wasn't an, it wasn't a prank. It was me being a he healthy, active male. I mean, y'all thought I was bull jiving. I, hey, I get it in real talk. Hell, oh, Joe, see, hey, I don, man, I be lying. Lying ain't lying. I go on these sparks. O Joe, I hit, hit one early dip, bony.


But in all, oh, come on now, in all sincerity, I'm extremely embarrassed that a very, very private, intimate situation, the audio can be heard. And I'm extremely, I'm extremely disappointed in myself. Two minute, five minutes before I came on phone rings, it's Kat Kat Williams. So I'm all, I said, yeah. I said, yeah, bro, what's up? The first thing outta his mouth, guess what he said? Don't you? Wow. You ain't gay today. I said, Man, hey listen, I said, Come on. Listen, Listen. And, and this and this, this is the funny thing about it.


Now you remember all the people talking trash and saying whatever they had to say, trying to assassinate your character. Yeah. That you might be this, you might be this or whatever it may be. So, hell, I mean, I'm thi sitting back, I'm thinking, well here. Hey, it was a goddamn Michelle. It wasn't a Michael. Huh? You hear me? It wasn't a Michelle. It was, and you know, it, it wasn't a Michael, it was a Michelle. Yeah. So, you know, and, and you know, I as this, we, we human. Yeah, we human now, now something that, that we all partake in. We all partake in horizontal and vertical activity. That's everybody. That's everybody in the chat. Now I can attest to that. Now what we, what we don't do, unless you are a a or if you're in that field of, of, of porn and only fans.


And at times, this is why I always tell you, unc, you need to evolve with the times. Now you're not very good at technology. I I don't do anything. I don't turn on anything. You're not very good at technology. So you at times would, will, you've done it to me like you've, you've, you know, hit your phone and your butt dial me by accident. Yeah. And don't even know you're doing it. Yeah, true. You know, so I, I can, I can understand where the mistake came in at, you know? So again, I was, I, I was, I was upset, but then I also remembered that you're not very good or you're not very technically savvy with phones and computer equipment, all that stuff. So I gave you a little grace, but I, I was still a little upset. I was a little hurt. But the fact that it was a Michelle or not a Michael, ah, that's my dog Never been, it's never been a Michael half.


No. I think the thing is Ocho for me. Yeah. Is that you, my thing is my grand. Yes sir. And I, I immediately after it half happened and I'm driving and I'm thinking to myself, sir, I just remember everything. My grandfather, my grandmother said, they said, boy, you, you made up, you messed it up. I clean it up. And so what I really hate is when people have to answer questions for Shannon Sharpe. Hmm. Ever since I've been able to talk, I've been able to answer questions. My family, my friends, you are gonna have to, you gotta ask, man, what was aunt doing? Why did he do that? What happened? Ocho, where was he?


Yes sir. My sister. Right. My mom, my brother, my kids, my people That shouldn't have to answer for Shannon. Shannon's grown. Shannon's 56, she'll get it in, y'all see? But anyway, that I'm just saying on, I'm just saying. I'm just saying. I'm just saying on what it is. Hey, listen, listen, You boy, hey listen, you, you, hey you, you, you talking about you as hell when you as well. But said, ain't nothing wrong with your boy. You talking about your hips. Ain't nothing wrong With your hips. I told ain't a, ain't ain't, ain't ain't nothing slow about but it walk. I can't move like a woman could. Okay? Yes sir. The hip's good. The hips, the hips solid. Yeah. They gonna let the, the doctor told me they'll last 50 years. They said they'll, them hips will still be good when you gone.


Yes, Sir. But I, I just, it, it, it, it was, it, it's tough obviously being in a situation like that because that's something that I've never been in. I never in my wildest dreams, even the wild, I was like, man, what could possibly happen to you on that would make you the most embarrassed? This never appeared on my radar. It never appeared on my radar. But the fact that in the process of that you hurt people. That's, that, that, that's, that's you, you embarrass people and you know, I, I try to, I say, oh your man, we gotta have that look there, there has to be a certain level of professionalism at all times. Yeah. That's the word. That's the key word right there.


'cause you got on me, you got on me good about professionalism. Yeah. I I but again, again, this, this is, this is where the grace comes next And new and new sites and agencies. Man, when y'all start reaching out, I know what y'all trying to do. Y'all trying to look who see who I follow and who follow me and try to put two and two together. Y'all involving people that ain't got is to do with this. Y'all not gonna figure it out. Right. Y'all not right.


But what y'all can do, y'all can get on this road, spark that row Doc coke slash Nightcap and get $15 off your first order. That's what y'all can do.


But you don't, don't bring people, if you have definitive proof and you wanna reach out and they have a conversation with you, okay, that's fine. But the arbitrarily just call people because her, her name might be Michelle or her name might be Michelle or her, my name might be something. Come on now. We better than that. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't involve people come y'all ain't call me, call me. But when you involve people that doesn't have anything to do with it. That's why I have the problem with. But it's, look, like I said Ocho, I I'm sorry I put you in that situation 'cause I know you gonna get, I mean, they gonna, the jokes are gonna come.


You're gonna have to answer question Man. Man, you think unc unc did that on purpose? You think that was staged? Hell nah. Yeah. UNC might do some, unc might do some stuff for pranking, but that ain't one of them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean they, they, yeah. The, the, the, the joke, the jokes are flying obviously. I'm not sure if you've seen Instagram, if you've seen Twitter, the jokes are flying. Unc the jokes are funny. They Got, they're getting on me all jokes Say, Hey, hey unc, they getting on you boy. I'm talking about, hey, I'm talking about funny. I'm talking about, I was on a plane catching up to what was happening. And boy, one thing about Twitter and black Twitter and their creativity. Boy, listen, if you wanna laugh, if you, if anybody was having a bad day today, scroll through goddamn Twitter.


Boy, there's some funny shit on there. Boy, you it's some funny, there's some funny stuff on there. I did not, man. Come on man. Now, so what y'all gonna do? Y'all gonna try to find out every Michelle that I've ever talked to, every Michelle, every Michelle in, in, in LA and Atlanta and this place. Really, Honestly, I was, I was thinking of all Michelle's that it could possibly be, I'm thinking Michelle Pfeiffer, you know, I'm, I'm thinking K Michelle, I'm thinking I'm, I'm trying to think of other Michelles that, that are, that I, I, I would know and think of that, of, of somewhat of a high, high tier, top tier, high caliber type women that, that you would given opportunity to, to, to bungee jump in like that and, and, and be able to say some of the things that you were saying.


You know? What Was I saying? What was I saying? I ain't hear it. I, you was like, you going, you you going to take these stick? I ain't never, I ain't, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm just saying I ain't never heard you talk like that. Huh? I, I I ain't never heard you talk like that. Now what we do gotta work on is, ain't nothing wrong with your hips, you know, but we gotta work on your cardio. 'cause you was, you was breathing heavy. You shouldn't be breathing that heavy. You shouldn't be breathing that heavy. So we gotta work on your cardio O So when you lift weights, we gotta get you on the cart Ocho, But you got hit the Treadmill first. Do the step, do the step Master ocho I was was always already knee deep for about 25. Right, right. I mean that that how, how you were kind of short too in there too, huh? I mean, you was about what, A minute, minute, minute.


Five Seconds? Oh no, No. Hey, this ain't no YouTube short. Boy. This a full feature. Okay. I'm, Come on Don. Yo, come on now. Don't do that. Now, don't show change. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm just making show. 'cause now's out there to the world now. Now now's out to the world. And most, most of the time when something like that happens and you don't know what's going on, you know, so now you gonna have people come coming at you sideways, you know, they want see if the feature is really what it's, what it's advertised to be. So you, you in a kind of good position. It's, it is somewhat of a bad thing, I think is nothing to be embarrassed about. You know, if It's nothing to be embarrassed about, but what it, what it does, I'm, I'm embarrassed by ocho Damn.


That's my most intimate moment. Yeah. And, and, and that now, now you gotta understand the traction and, and the curiosity from the female species that's going to occur now and wanting to experience, Oh, they wanna go, they wanna go a cover round with the champ. Yeah. You know, if you have, if you have an allergy, like if you're allergic to peanuts, you're allergic to shellfish these things, or ants or something like that, Ocho, you keep a epi pen on you. I keep these on me. So if I ate, I'm just telling you, if y'all ever see me sideways like this here, I done snuck you.


But you, you know, you know what also I'm happy about. What You happy what you mean? You weren't you happy? Hold on. What you mean? What you happy about? Lemme tell you why, you know, lemme tell you something. Why I'm happy, UNC because I know you really well. I know your character. I know this is not something that you would do. I'm happy to see that you in good spirits and I'm, I'm being dead ass because an event like this happens for someone that is as private as you, that's always been private and you always talk about protecting yourself, protecting the brand. Yes. And for something like this to happen, I didn't know how you would react. I didn't know how would, how you would deal with it mentally because it is, it's just totally out of character for you. So the fact that you can come on, you can apologize, express yourself and be able to explain to the people that it, it was a mistake obviously, because you don't know how to work technology and you still in good spirits.


That's a, that's a good thing. And some, you can laugh at the situation and the mistake that you made. I Done cried enough. O Joe don't, I ain't got no more tears. You cry. Cry. Yeah. Because I, I'm, I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed for my circle. I'm embarrassed for the people. There, there are people, not, not everybody, but there are people out there that hold me in high regard and look to me as a beacon. Right. As a role model. And I let those people down. Right. But I'm human. Yes, sir. Although I try to, to, to, to, to strive for perfection. There's no such thing. I'm, I'm, I'm a, I'm a testament to that, that there's no such thing as perfection. I stay to myself ocho and you know, I try to stay to myself and, you know, I don't put my, I try not to put myself in situations where people, because I, I know how I am.


That's why I don't be around people a lot. Yeah. That's why I'm not out and about. 'cause I know how I am. I know me. So I try not to put myself in a situation. I'm trying to be as private as I possibly can. And in Yes sir. And in trying to be private, I made a huge, a huge, it wasn't a mistake. It was, it was err in judgment or whatever. I, you know, I tell you what, from now on my phone will be in the car. My phone will be in the car. So I show hope none. Pop off. I gotta call, I gotta call 9 1 1. 'cause you know, nobody have landlines anymore. But my phone, I'm gonna have to run down. I'm gonna have to run out the house and get, go to my car, unlock it and, and, and dial 9 1 1.


And people gonna be asking, well, what took you so long, sir? Hey, I don't know if you notice, but there's something, something that happened and of all days. Of all days that it happened on. Yeah. Man. Wait, what? What's the day? It is Wednesday. Yeah. I wish that was the only thing that was hap that happened on, on this day. Yeah. I gotta go back. I gotta go back. Get me a flip phone. Because when that flip phone closed, just closed, Right? Yeah. This, this, this, this here, this I, this IG thing, man, you have to, this, this, this apple. And I don't know how to work. You gotta, and I would've had, even if it, they real, it, it'd been on for another 20 minutes.


'cause I would've known how to cut it off. I didn't even know how to cut it on. So when I finally got in touch with Jordan, Jordan said, boss, I cut it off. I said, you did? Because I, I was like, well, I, I don't even see IG live no more. He said, nah, boss, I done cut it off and I don't, you know, took it down. I'm like, yeah. I said, anybody. He's like, I, so my next question, I said, you think anybody saw it? This man? He was like, boss. Really? He was like, yeah, they saw it. I was like, oh. Oh man. So Matt say, I, I, I understand the embarrassment on your part from, from that perspective, but that there's a, there's another perspective that you can look at where you don't have to feel too embarrassed.


You know? You feel me? Because I'm, I'm, you was hell when you was Well, you hear me? Yeah. Huh. Now, now if it was an embarrassed performance, then there's a reason Not a whole world though. I, yeah. I'm, I'm just telling you. I'm telling you. So the embarrassment part, you don't really have to feel bad about yourself. You can, you can go places. You can walk around with your head. High women gonna look at you different because if they didn't know 90 No. Oh, Real talk. They put, they a, they call these draws for the Hall of Fame. These draws go into the hall of Fame. You know, when you have an outstanding performance. They want the jersey, the cleats, the oh theses go into the hall of Fame. I ain't lied to real. I'm, yeah, I'm glad. I'm glad you, I'm glad you feeling better.


I'm glad you feeling better. I'm Go back upstairs. I'll go, I'll go back upstairs once I'm done. And, and, and, because it's just Ocho man. Come on Ocho. You know me. You know how private I am. I mean, I don't think people, the level of privacy All, man, listen,


I know it just happened, but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying? We, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head. You know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did, man was deciding to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in. Clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it, man, you know what I'm normally, I know you be, I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was Perfect, man. It was a really good time. Our stay was perfect, man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip, man? Love Airbnb, man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the big experience, man? Was it being Airbnb? You know what I'm saying? The comfortability, their condition. It is hot, man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you're looking for a wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look.


Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoked some of real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 pro built for Apple intelligence. And it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability. Updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous with a trip to Lucky Land. You know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW group Avoid or prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo.


Lenovo, I think everybody know you. Everybody that is close to you understands everyone that's been in your life or been around you, whether it be teammates, friends, associates, everybody knows how proud you are. That's why when it first hit me, and I'm reading after I was, when I, when I, when I got off set in Philly, I'm looking at my phone, I say, nah. Hey. Nah, nah. Not, nah, not unc, not unc, not my unc that was just chastises me TA few days ago. You can't with that. No Joke about Nah, nah, I'm, I'm just saying about, you know, about, you know, being, being a professional and all these, but again, mistakes happen.


So that's why I'm giving you that grace. Like I was given grace at being afforded a second chance at what I love to do. You gave me that opportunity inside. The NFL gave me that opportunity. Ea Madden gave me the opportunity. ESPN has given the gimme me the opportunity. All the people that that's endorsed and sponsored me have given me that second chance in life. So who am I to sit here? Because you made a mistake and not give you that same grace I was given. Now we can't do it more than once. Now if you're a repeat offender, now we got a problem. Oh, I'm gonna repeat that act, but the phone won't be in the car. I ain't gonna fit. Tell nobody. I ain't Finn tell nobody. A you know how people say, Hey God, you do that A hey, did I say, Lord, if you get me outta this situation, I ain't having no more sex.


Oh no, I did not say that. Right. I promise you I did not say that. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So I hope people don't think, Hey, you know, let that be a lesson to you. Aint ain't no lesson that lesson leave my phone in the car. That's the only lesson I'm thinking from this. Yeah. Ain't ain't nothing to be ashamed about. Man, you good? You good? You good? You good on my end? Nah. I mean, I don't really know what else. I mean, I, I mean, I'm, I don't really know what else to say. I mean, what else to do? I mean, there no, there's nothing I can do Now if I could go back in time, if I can go back and wake up this morning knowing that, that's why hindsight is a magnificent science. Because you have the knowledge of knowing what already happened and it hasn't happened. Right. That's what makes it a magnificent science.


If you control your actions, I don't get to control the consequences. So whatever consequences that come along with my actions, I'll s accept them. Nobody, whatever happens with Shannon Sharpe, nobody is at bl at fault. But Shannon, Sharpe, I wear that. I ain't gonna say, well, they coulda gave me a grace. And look what happened to this guy when he did this. And look what happened to her when she did that. That ain't how I get down. I control actions. I don't get to control consequences. And so I can live, I can live any mistake that I've made, I own it. I own it. This was an honest mistake.


I don't think anybody that's in this chat, I don't think anybody that know me, even casually think I would ever do something like that. I don't desire, I don't crave that kind of attention. I'm good. And you don't, you, you don't need, you don't need it. I don't, you it, it already comes with the name. It already comes with the brand. So yeah, my bro, I, you know, and people ask say, what'd your brother say? My brother say, Hey bro, you, you human. You made a mistake. He said, I'm just, he said, and I just told her what I was going to do. He said, I'm proud of you. He said, I'm proud of you gonna stand up there. You stand and look down the barrel of the, the camera and tell people what actually happened. Not hide behind, not say I was hacked. Not say somebody set me up or she did this. Oh, You did. Hey, hey, hey, hey.


You did, you did hit that I was hacked. I'm, and I'm thinking to myself, come on, man. No, You know what, here's the thing though. Ocho, Jordan being the good soldier that he is. Oh, he put somebody there right away for you. And I told, okay, okay, okay. And once I follow up, I said, man, take that down. Right. He's like, Okay, you gotta Standard. No, because gotta Follow that. I'm gonna come and I'm gonna look at the people that follow me. I'm gonna look, look at the people that, that, that listen to us, that like us, that watch the podcast, that have watched me on first take, watch me throughout my 30 plus year career in the public eye. Yeah. Nationally. Yeah. I owe it to 'em to come here.


Yeah. Look down, look, honest mistake. This is what happened. Nobody's at fault. I'm at fault. I was reckless. I was careless. So accountability is big. It's always have been. And when I talked to my kids and I told 'em what I was gonna do, they, they, daddy, I'm proud of you, my homeboys, you know, they got their jokes in. They was like, oh, oh, I know that voice, but I don't know that fool. So, you know, burns, oh, burns and bucket. And you know, foot a lot of, lot of, you know, hey, one of the guy, and, and Chad, you gonna get a kick outta this one, one of the guys that called me, and this is probably only the second time and probably seven, eight years that he's ever called me FaceTime time.


Oh, time is He called me FaceTime. Yeah. I said, whew. Yeah, prime, prime going, prime gonna give you that good word now. But he had some, he had some great words for it for me. And that's what, that's what friends do. I know a lot of y'all, when I say things about Colorado didn't play well, y'all try to spin it like I'm attacking him. But he knows having worked with me, having talked to me in private and been around me, he knows how I am. And that's what he respects because he knows I'm gonna tell it like it is. I'm gonna tell you what you need to know, not what you want to hear. That's why I can't be everybody's friend.


And so, you know, Ocho, that's, I'm, I, look, I done cried. I done been, I done, I I don't really know what else, what else I can do. Ocho I, there's nothing else I can do. But you could, I mean, I'm sure that people want to know. I mean, I, I wanna know, I've been trying to, to, to, to find a, a partner for you to, to, to have a union. So, I mean, what you can do is, is, is bless us, bless myself and, and put the rest of the world at ease and, you know, could tell us who Michelle is. Huh? Nah, nah, nah, nah, Nah, nah, no. Oh, so you gonna leave us in the dark?


Yes. Okay. Okay. That's fine. I I'm, I'm not one to peer pressure. Yeah. I, I think, look, look, she deserves a level of anonymity. She deserves a level of respect. Right? Right. And so, right. So I mean, you do understand with this coming out, do you understand the amount of hearts that you have broken that might have thought they might have had a chance? What You mean they still got a chance? What you mean I ain't mad? Because Normally I know, but still, once you engage in activity, What they thought I, that what they thought, they thought I horizontally, they thought I wasn't capable of a functioning down there. Well, no, not that. Not, not that. But I mean, normally when you're engaged in someone in that type of act, normally there's really no room for anyone else.


So You actually think that, I think that any woman that I meet that they're not having sex or haven't had sex, they might not have had sex the day that they met me or talked to me. Right. I'm not, I mean, I'm not, I'm not that foolish O Joe. I'm not that naive. Oh, okay. So you're saying your door is still open? I'm, I'm, I'm just trying, I'm just trying to make, I'm trying to clear it up for the women. 'cause I have a lot of, a lot of people hitting me, asking me what? Asking You Ocho does this mean? Yeah. So they asking me like, so what this mean? Do I have a chance with unc? You know, the people that I've tried to hook you up, you know, throughout the past year Yeah. Have hit me with long speeches. With long paragraphs and soliloquy trying to, well, what happened?


Why would did he did not like me? I'm cool. I'm, I'm hardworking. I can provide for myself. I just wanted a chance. I just wanted the opportunity. Why did he give Michelle a chance? But not me, I'm just as qualified, I'm sure as she is. So they complain to me like, I'm sweetie. I'm, I'm not a counselor. I'm not a counselor, I'm not a therapist. Like I will, I will ask UNC if the door is still open and the opportunities, if the opportunity presents itself, maybe later on in the future when everything, everything kind of calms down, maybe he might reach out to you. But I like to, I like telling my story. Right. I like, I like to tell my story. I like, I don't want people to speculate what they think happened because that's how stuff, you know, ocho there, there's, there's an African proverb that says, mm, until the lion learns how to write, every story will glorify the hunter.


Man, I ain't got my goddamn pen, man. Shit. So hold on. Hold, hold on, hold on. Wait, wait. Don't stop Right there. Don't do that. Don't do. Hey boy. Hey, that was a good one, boy. Oh, they got a pen right here, huh? Boy, boy, gimme that. Gimme gimme that one again. Gimme that one again. Until the learn, until the lion learns how to write. Okay. Every story Yes, sir. Will glorify the hunter. Woo. I got to be able to tell my story. Nobody else can tell it. So there, let there be no speculation.


Let there be no conjecture, no innuendo, no speculation. Right. This is what happened. This was an honest mistake. I don't need. Yes sir. I don't need any more. I don't need to be viral. I don't need mentions. I don't need impressions. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm on television enough. Do y'all actually think that I would put as private as I've been for 30 plus years, I would put my most intimate moment in a public sphere. In a public space. Yeah. Or using that thing like Ving Rams and baby boy and baby boy. Yeah.


That so, Man, man, man, man. Yeah. My dog, my dog, my dog was going work. This is not, this is not how I envision. I know How you feel. I didn't either, but don't worry about it. Hey, you a Hey Unc, you represented, you represented for the fella though, unc, so you could, you could talk shit all you want now. Yeah. That's my dog. I'm walking through the airport. They say, boy, you see unc? I say, yeah, that my dog. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Had they had a little boy? No. No. Yo, man, look man, I, I just, guys, I'm sorry. I, I mean, look, we we're Real, real, real here.


Really here Laughing. I mean, you try look, I think a situation like this, you, you try to, you try to make light of it. Nobody, no. Yeah. Nobody was harming the making of this audio. No, no, no, no, no. I don't know. It's something, You know, she might have had to put a little ice pack down there, but she could otherwise, Nope. You know, you play a hard game. You ice basketball, players ice their knees, they ice their ankles, they elbows and stuff like that. After, you know, up and down football players. Okay? Hey. Oh, she might be in the epso salt right now. Do you know? Hey, she in the epso salt right now. Watching, watching, watching the show. Hey, Michelle.


All right. Heal up, sweetie. Heal up. Heal up. I I out man. Ocho man. Ocho man Ocho Yeah. I, I know how you feel, man. I, I know how you feel. Sometimes. Sometimes you, you know, you reaching for the words that that, that you, you wanna say, but they just don't come at how you want 'em. I I, I know how you feel, especially A situation. I think the thing. But Listen, I'm, I mean, people like, I'm proud of you. You can only be so serious in, in a situation like this. Nobody, nobody was killed. Nobody was, was injured. No one was harmed. Right. You know, we make light of the situ, we making make a joke of it. But I've gone through the, the frustration, the anger, the hurt, the disappointment.


Asking why, how could this, how could I be so careless? How could I put myself, put people that I care about in situations like this? How, why Shannon, why when you have so much everything that you want is right on the other side of tomorrow. Everything. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and I was, I was, I was careless. I was careless. Yeah. I mean there's really, there's really no other way around it. Yeah. Un un un un unprofessional. Yes. Yes, it was. We had some, some questions.


Ocho Meyer, Keller said Michelle most def. Oh, you finna do? Huh? You Finna do Q&a? Well, ain't no q and a with just some questions because they said Huh? Comments. Michelle most definitely ordered the lobster car. Air Star said, you know, Barack mad as hell right now. Nah, ain't no, he, he ain't, he ain't got nothing to be, he ain't got nothing to be worried about. He good. Oh Dang. I don't. Look, God gave me broad shoulders.


He knew I could handle this. I could weather this. I'm gonna be okay. Sunshine's going fall rain one way or another. I don't really really know what else to say. Guys. Y'all, y'all, I think y'all, I think over the course of the years, y'all know me now, now every fe every female between the age, certain age group is gonna be asked. Well, you the, well are you the Michelle that's with, with unc? Any, anybody named Michelle? Yes. Anybody named Michelle? Yeah.


Dang. Max said Unc about to sign a max contract with RO pills. Get one of them. I'm about to get me one of them. One of them. Who? One of 'em. Dak Prescott? Yeah. Cam up podcast said Unc let, that's spider bite. Hell Nah. Nah man. Yes. Hey, that's some funny, that's, that's alright. That where you understand them got their memes on Twitter. It's one with ay van za. And the dude is in, I don't know, the dude is on the floor in the dirt or something.


And he, and she say like, all right, put him out right here. Put him out over that hole. Something like that. Man dog is a Ja, a James Brown one. Yeah, Dog. So got damn funny man. Ros Gold pavilion and just tweet Roscoe b Roscoe z balling said happy hump day, unc Young Hades. Oh it is, it is, it is Wednesday, Huh? Yeah, young Hades said Unc play some music next time. Oh man. That was, that was, that was funny boy. Yeah. Yeah. That was funny. This is when you gonna look back years from now, man, 10 years from now, you know, Man, I got grand, I got grandkids.


O Joe. Y'all gonna laugh about y'all gonna laugh, you gonna Laugh about it ain't, oh well how you think your daddy got here? How you think your mama got here? Listen, this is, this is, it is an, this is an act that we all do. It's just unfortunate that as you say, in your most intimate moment, you accidentally, you know, because you don't know how to work a phone or, or you or your pocket dial or a saying, it's, you know, it's in your hand and you hit buttons that you don't know you hidden. You know? I mean, it, it happens, it happens. But it's, you in good spirits, you apologize. The chat is in good spirits. You know, they, they, they're going to forgive you. And I mean, if they don't forgive you, there's one person that does, and he sits high, he sits high and looks low.


Yeah. And that's all that matter. I'm looking for a match sponsor now. I thought the box being outta that one ojo, Hey, everybody wanna sponsor night. You go, Hey. Yeah. Hey, listen, I heard you, I heard you now, boy, you, you knocked the goddamn sonic the hedgehog that the, the goddamn Knocked the corner like Super Mario King. What? Ching. Man, listen man, now I'm, I'm okay. I'm, I'm, I'm, I mean, let stop, Stop. Yeah, because lemme stop. I expected you to come in here and be, you know, I was like, well, you know, Ocho you know, and now you cracking yours. Nah, I mean, listen, I'm trying to, I'm trying to make light of the situation to make sure you, you make sure you good, you good.


But I mean, you, we, we, we, we all in good spirits the chat in good spirits. I mean, listen, the joke's gonna fly for, for a few days and you know, another two weeks, you know it's gonna be Forgotten by Mancho. You know, every time I say something, man, you know, they go every, but if they never going away, man, they still do it. I mean, every time somebody say something, they do that point. They got that point me. They got that man, they ain't going away. Ocho. Yeah. Hey, you showed up and you showed out. That's all that matter. Matter of fact, listen, if she had a phone in her hand, she would've called the National Guard. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. That it, they wouldn't have came in time to Ocho they would've came.


Man, man, man. I I, Oh shit. Hell no. But hey, listen, I, it, it is good. We could sit here and laugh at it because it was, it was an honest mistake. And it's hell Yeah. But yeah, for sure it would've absolutely a mistake. I would've never, I would, oh God. Oh man. Man, I still don't, I, I, I still don't, I still don't, I still don't know. I don't know how I guarantee this. You must have been on Instagram. You must have been like just on your Instagram in general. Yeah. And hit, and you must have hit that, hit the button obviously to go to your camera and hit that goddamn, just by accident. Hit that live at the bottom.


And there's so many other features that you can hit and you just happen to hit one. But the thing, but, but, but Jordan said like, like if you hit IG live it ask you, are you sure you want to go IG live? So it's just not one button you gotta hit or something else. I just threw the phone. Yeah. Just threw the phone on the bed. Yeah. Shit, man. I don't know. I don't know. And I do live every, every, every so often just to check it with my, my Followers. You know, I, I'm, I'm, you know what I'm saying? Don't yo, I'm like a cheetah. I ain't gotta do all that stretching. Right. I see the gazelle on. I see the gazelle on, on, on out there. Yeah. Go get it. So when I hit the door, I ready to go.


Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Ready To go. All that other stuff ain't necessary. Yeah, Right. You know, that came from, Hey, we know why I'm here. You know why I'm here. I know why I'm here. He know why he here. Right. Everybody know it ain't no secret. Right. That's my Michelle. Yeah. Yeah. And, we need, you need, you need, you need a shirt like that and say, that's my Michelle. Nah, Hell no. We definitely ain't coming out with a like cap shirt. Hey, who? Michelle? That ain't happening. Okay. I'm okay. I'm I'm just saying that's, that's, that's, that's the quote. That's, that's gonna be the good quote. Huh? What?


No, it, no, it wasn't hurting. She didn't press live. She had her hands fulled. Nah, She didn't, nah, She didn't press live Ocho. She didn't, Yeah. Nah. But Yeah, I, I guess y'all right. I might have to go back to the Android. I might have to go back to the Android. I didn't think I was gonna have to, I never thought I'd go back to the Android, but damn now.


Nah. Oh, hold on. Mashburn said all he asked when he lay, lay our head on that pillow that night, the old Shea gave Michelle everything you had. Hey, I need, I need, I need somebody, somebody, I need somebody, somebody in the chat to, to send me that. I need, I need that clip. That clip. We took your glasses off, man. And you said, I gave it everything I had. No, you don't get that. Somebody had, somebody had, somebody had wanted that, that same clip dog. And it was so goddamn funny.


I'm talking about hilarious. Twitter is hilarious. When something happens, we as a people, we come together. We are so unserious and I'm talking about straight comedy. If you had a bad day, all you need was Twitter today. When that, when that unfortunate circumstance happened, boy, I'm talking about in tears, laughing. Hey man, listen, I know it just happened, but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid the Vegas for the fight.


What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head. You know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did, man, was decide to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it, man. You know what I'm saying? Normally I know you be, I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was Perfect, man. It was a really good time. Our stay was perfect, man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip, man? Love Airbnb, man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the be experience, man? Was it being a, you know what I'm saying? The comfortability, Their condition. It is hot, man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you're looking for a wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown. Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoked them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit, cut bacon now and enjoy. You. Won't be disappointed.


What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 pro built for Apple intelligence, and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates. Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro. Lenovo Lenovo.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. Oklahoma State's. Good. Mike Gundy. He's 50 drinking a dragon too. He has a, have you, did you see his hater? It's Incredible. I don't like the guy, but that is some amazing hair. Did You see, did you see his Hair? Not recently, but I, He has a perm. See what it go, look at it. He, he has a perm like it. Ha. He has a Jerry Curl. Look at it. He Is using a lot more product these days, But no, I mean, it's a perm, like the, it is not a hair. He looks like he's in the Jackson five. Yeah, I don't know if I'd Go with that. That, look, first of all, it looks like a toupee, but I don't think it is. You have to have a special level of bad hair to look like you're wearing a toupee when you're not. When did it get so curly? Even Dick Hoops. Weis thinks it's a dupe. Toupee. He's always had the waterfall. But this is like, he's put the cur the rollers in, got some, some curls Going. Who suggested that to him? Like look, I mean, just look at that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Rel said Now Unc, LOL. You have all women calling me trying to get a chance, daddy. It is. There it is. Bucky Gu unc. She had you growling like Scooby Doo. Hey, hey, Carlos said Unc. Did you have your Nightcap grip socks on? Nah, I had some socks, but it wasn't Grippy. Lorenzo. Davenport said Unc got me grind like a bear in the, in the, in the Reverent. Hey man, y'all see man, y'all, y'all don't take nothing serious.


Nah, they don't. They don't. Come on Chair. Listen, I, they, Oh man, that was funny. Hey, That, that was Funny. Make sure y'all check out our new merch. We got some new merch. And. we just pinned it in the link. And. we still have the old merch. We're getting these. The, that's the Nightcap, that's the night, that's Club Shehe that we're getting. What you see on your screen is the shirts that just became available tonight. These are still available. Hey, I got a question. Hey, you should have turned them shirt. You should have added a L in there.


Night clap. Yeah, it should have been Night clap. And on the back, on the back in quotations. It should, it should have said, that's my, Michelle, I'm just, listen, I'm just giving you marketing ideas. I mean, while it's hot, while, while the fire is hot, you might as well, okay, Yeah. I'm a, that's my little, that's my little 2 cents. I'm gonna that because I got all my phones, every phone that I pretty much ever had, I, I have them, so I might have to go see if I can get 'em, get, get one of 'em turned back on. One of the more flip phones. Maybe that little star tack. Yeah. You know about That? Yeah, I got it, man. Because You might, Hey, listen, you might as well go back to the Motorola block. Yeah, Man, Ocho, somebody said call the National Guard called UNC killing these cheeks.


Man. Man, y'all don't take duck serious, man. Y'all got me. I mean, KA started the ka Well, Kat and Prime started it. And then my homeboys, they, they damn sure ain't cut me no Slack gave, Patrick said Unc gave her that robot hip thrust new hip, new unc. Oh, Hell no. Everybody listen man, y'all don't be going up to people, man. That, that, that, that name Michelle and just somebody. My name is Michelle. Hey, are you that Michelle, that one who up? Come on now.


Oh, It's, it's coming. But they, y'all, They ask have the people ain't gonna know who, I mean, them women might not even know who UNC is. Oh. Oh. If they, if they ain't know, they know now. Hey, call 58 said Michelle got UNC boxes hanging from the rafters in the apartment. She retired. She retired. They the hall. They the Fame for show though. Oh, man, man, Ocho, you, you, You good. You good, you good. You good. You good. I Wish I, I wish Ocho you, I, I, I wish you good.


This day had never happened, but I can't go back and undo it. Just like that's where you don't get a second chance on life. Right. That's why you make the most of life. You, you look back and you don't have regrets because you figured that you put everything you possibly could. Yes, sir. I did in the act, but I wish I could go back and You good? You're good, you're good. Take a deep breath. Nah, ain't no damn sure ain't gonna be no babies. But man, get off there. You tried to find, you tried to find, Find?


No, actually, nah. I was, I, you know, I'm in Chicago and I haven't eaten yet. So look, look what I'm Googling. Can you see that Or no? What you at McDonald's? Yep. I'm looking for the nearest McDonald's downtown. Trying to see what time they close. We, I wish, I wish Oh sad outside Chicago. Oh. It's only a four minute walk. Oh, they open 24 hours. That's, ooh, that's live. Yeah. Okay. Bet. Oh, you gonna have you gonna have Uber Eats delivered? No, I'm finna walk, I'm finna walk and I'm gonna walk and smoke. Oh, Okay. It's early out here in Chicago.


It's, it Ain't no early boy. 10 o'clock. Yeah. I mean, no, It's almost nine o'clock they two hours. That's central time. Yeah. Almost, almost nine o'clock. Yeah. Oh, it's almost nine. Yeah. But I'm, I'm out here for my whole, I'm out here for a friend of mine's wedding this Friday. I know. He probably, I know Ryan. Ryan, I know you watching. I know Ryan watching. Congratulations again. And when you throw the, what you call the thing they throw at the wedding. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna catch that. I'm gonna catch that thing. The women's supposed to catch it. Yeah, for real. You ain't gonna be nowhere near that. Well what's the because the bride because the bride is throwing it and she's throwing it to the bridesmaid or the, the people that's in?


Yes. Oh, that ain't for you. Okay, okay. Damn. My bad. My bad. No, you don't catch nothing. Okay, okay. My bad. I ain't know that. I just saw it in the movie. Yeah. Nah, just like at your wedding, REL gonna throw in the gr the the bridesmaids and the, and her party. They're gonna try to catch it. Wait, Hold on. The men catch something though. Now I know I'm not tripping the Bill, There's something that the men throw. They catch that bill the wedding bill. Unless she got, unless she got a, unless they got me or you for fathers. And then you, you good. Right, Right, right. Okay. Okay. I got you. Nah, but I got you.


I guess, I guess they, the men catch the garter, right? Ain't that what they catch? What men catch the guarder. They pick it up and shoot it. No, Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Ain't nothing. That little prayer won't cure. I'm laughing now, but I'm gonna cry in the car. I'm gonna cry in the car. Ojo. You good? You good? You good? Mm.


Not the today. I thought I was gonna have a woke up. Felt great. Ojo A good shower. We you Cold shower. Yeah. Yeah. We was great. Yeah. We yeah, we know we, we know you felt great. We know, we know. Yes sir. You was having, you had a great, you had a good day. Yeah. Yeah. Hey boy, boy. This one. Hey listen, this one for the books. Boy, boy. I kid you not, I'm trying to buy Paul Coffee. I'm trying to buy, I'm trying to buy up all the copies.


Listen, you would, you can't, you can't scrub up this one. I Can't ocho Nah, you can't scrub this one. It, It's out there for perpetuity. It's out there for perpetuity. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Perpetuity ocho Yeah. But again, I say there's nothing to feel embarrassed about. You know? Now you know, you, you, you, you, you put on a performance. You know, you, the, the, again, you got real people calling, you know, for opportunity. I, when I get back to Miami, you know, you know when I hit the gym, you know, people going, you know. Yeah. I ain't no unc was, you know, slack give 'em a number for me. Shit. When the last time you check your check, your dms. Nah. Ain't nobody, I Bet them, I bet them things full.


Yeah. I ain't got nothing. Ain't nobody want anybody might have been thinking o yo, they, they ain't, they don't, they don't wanna deal with old UNC now. Good nine boy. Curiosity killer a cat boy. You know how you could, you know, ain't listen, you know how you catch bees, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Well that goddamn video you put out. I mean, not put out but that damn video, that's the honey nigga. Like, don't, don't be no fool now. Yeah. I'm, I'm, listen, I lie for you before I lie to you. I'm just, I'm just telling you, stay with me, man. It, it is, it is not a bad, it's a, it is a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing.


You know? I, it, it is, it's a not really a bad thing because it's an honest mistake. You know, your stock boom, stock boom. It's, I mean it's, you know, out the roof right now. Yeah. Well I'm trying to, I'm trying to see what that's like. Nah, you don't wanna see what that's like. They come, you don't, Not you, but you gonna put a little, tell 'em read the, the fine Print. Yeah. No. Okay. You No. Nah. They, I, I think I, I think you and I done, we done had our viral clips. We didn't have enough viral clips for the, the last for at at least a week. We nah, we gonna go viral tomorrow too.


Yeah. What's the, what's tomorrow? Oh, we got, we got the game. We got show Tomorrow. Yeah. We gonna go viral tomorrow. We gotta show Tomorrow. Yeah. Who play tomorrow? Dolphins and the Bills Who play tomorrow? On the Dolphins play tomorrow. That's what it is. Dolphins and the bitch. Damn. They got a short week. Who? Bills at the Dolphins. Yeah. Ooh, that's gonna be a good game. That's gonna be a good one, man. The goddamn, matter of fact, lemme see. I mean, the damn dolphins one in nine versus the bills. Are they? One in nine. Wow. Dolphins ain't beat the bills in a minute. That's gonna be's gonna be good. That's gonna be good.


So you got, you got any advice for your Uncle Ocho? Man, just listen, keep your head up. Put one foot in front of the other. If you got your head down, you can't see where you're going. You know, again, we, we started this, we had a vision, a long-term vision. We on the right track. That might have veered off a a little bit today. Just a little bit, but not enough to mess up the journey. Yeah, But because here's the thing, not Enough to mess up the journey. It is. 'cause like I said, Ocho, this is just not me. There's other people involved. Right. If I was, if, if I didn't, if I didn't have the jobs and the thing doing the things I did, okay, I'm cool with it.


But Right. Somebody posted a, a, a, a, a lady's picture on ig. TMZ done called her. It's not her. It's not. Oh, the Michelle with that had the bath on. Yeah. The the little car. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not her. Now y'all got, I mean, yeah. That's rude. I mean, I can imagine how her family, or what is, what does she, what if she got a boyfriend? Y'all even think y'all didn't even think about that. What if she got a husband? Right. Y'all just put that woman business out there like that. Somebody playing around on Twitter. Probably. Yeah. Y'all got, look, look, I understand this is on me. Like I said, oh, y'all, y'all can, all the stuff, all the jokes, I can take that.


But, and that's the part that I hate the most, ocho that I involve. Some people that I shouldn't have involved. Yes, sir. But Just to, just arbitrarily like, well he follow her, her is close to as, close to Michelle. So it's her. That's who it is. It's her, it's her, it's her. It's not, don't, don't be reckless like that. Don't do that. Right. Like I said, what y'all want, y'all wanna take your, the jokes of me, I, I look, it's fine. I'll eat it. I'll eat that one. That's on me. I put myself, I put myself in harm's way. So I have to bear responsibility for that. And I'm okay. I'm okay with that. Like I said, Ocho I chose my actions. I don't get to choose the consequences.


And that's what people need to understand. Not just for Shannon Sharpe, you choose your actions. You don't get to choose the consequences that come from your actions. So whatever consequences, I wear it, I'm on it. That's the only thing I know how to do. That's what I've told my kid. That's what my grandmother and grandfather have instilled in us. I'm gonna wear it. I'm gonna wear it. I got to, I got to, but I tell you what I always do. I'll always do. And y'all have heard me say it from the time I've been on television at CBS, from the time I was at FS one. And when the time I've done Nightcap with you, Ocho we, we, we are year deep. Y'all always heard me say, all you gotta do is just tell the truth.


Just be accountable. Just accept responsibility. Yeah. I stand before you day A an embarrassed man. I'm not broken, but I am an embarrassed man, father of three, grandfather, brother, son. I'm very embarrassed and for the friends that have been in my life that I let them down. And some I haven't been able to call yet because I can't find the word. Quite the words, the words just yet ocho to say sorry. And in a situation like this, even if I had a thousand tongues, I couldn't say I'm sorry enough. And oh, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.


'cause my next argument, boy, I'm using that one. Hold on. Yeah. Even if I had a thousand tongues, I don't think sorry would be enough. Who, that's a going right there. Can you imagine? You're arguing with your people. She angry and you listen. If even if I had a thousand tongues, I couldn't say sorry. Enough. Yeah. That's Oh yes. Y yeah. That, that's gonna work. I'm gonna use that next argument. I'm use that. And so that's it. That that, that's the, that's the thing, Ocho. 'cause I, I know it. I know what it's like to look someone in their eyes when they've held you in such high regards and you let them down.


I know what it's like. I know what it's like. Right. And so that's why I try not to put myself in situations because I remember what it was like when I was accused of something and I had to tell my kids. I had to tell, I had to explain to my mom, had to explain to my brother and sister. Now just, just offer the explanation. They know me, they know my character. Nobody's ever said anything like that. That's why nothing has ever ha said after that. But this situation, like so many people that it's just, it that, that's what I, like I said, I'm embarrassed and I think that's the only word. Like I said, I'm embarrassed, I'm not broken. The sun will come up tomorrow.


Yeah. I'm gonna get up, do what I normally do. Probably go get a haircut, maybe go grab a workout, get ready to do a, oh, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You going in the barber shop after that? Yeah, I'm going in the barber barbershop. What? Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. You know the barbershop don't play now you know what, you know, but Yeah, jokes that's come from it. The jokes coming from my teammates, my former, my former teammates and my friends. Those the ones that get you. Yeah. Guys that don't really know me, if you know, they gonna get their little crack. So I'm okay. Yeah, I'm cool, but Alright. Nah, making sure you good.


Well what you put up Dash, if a had a thousand tons, Michelle would be celebrating. Yeah. Yeah. See that'd be perfect too. That's a, that look at 500, 500 tons and suck the toes. 500 tons of Hey that do something for two. Something true. Huh? Man. Oh, But no, Boy. This is one for the 88 Player. Yeah. Yeah. Ocho, I can't, I can't wait for tomorrow night.


You on top. When a mistake push you higher on the totem pole, you're not losing fans over this. We're still rocking with you Lavansky, bro. I appreciate that. I really appreciate the support. Unc, did you have your glasses on? Did you have your glasses? I took them off. You know you can't, you know, you can't See this been fogged up O Joe. Yeah, no. Yeah. So Samari j said I know how UNC was at HBCU. Nah, UNC was good.


UNC was fighting for his life for the 90 seconds. Oh. Trey Bell says Michelle left a five star review on Yelp. Coach T said UNC got put this damn self on Club Shehe now. Yeah. You know, but who gonna interview me if I sit, if I sit in my, I I do it, I'm gonna put on the suit. I interview you Filter mcda to say we all appreciate you. You at ocho, dude even blunders did you use whipped cream? What about the brush? Nah, I was just on them sparks, bro. Just the sparks.


Just them old sparks. I'm telling y'all man, y'all better. Hey, the red pill is where it's at. Oh man, I keep 'em moment. It's just like, if just like I keep two things, I keep my ID on me, I keep my credit. Keep one credit card on me. Yeah. Hey, send me some of those. The rub, I keep the rubies on me. You heard send me some of those. I brushed his teeth afterwards. Hey, now y'all know why be taking three, four shower a day, huh? Yes sir. Y'all don't be taking those shower like that. Yeah, he do. Yeah, he do.


As you over there trying to come up with something. She can put Michelle on the back of a T-shirt. Shit. Dirty man. Don. Hey y'all be talking about, oh, Ash so nice. Nah, Ashe is diabolical. She always on some bull drive, man. Oh man, Ocho. Yeah man, I appreciate it, bro. I couldn't think of anybody I'd rather have as a partner than you, bro. Oh yeah, yeah. You good, you good, you good? You know I'm gonna let them, I'm gonna let them jokes fly now. I'm gonna let 'em fly. But I'm also, you know, I'm gonna let you know I'm upset, you know. But again, now You have every right. You know what, on Joe, you have every right to be upset. I, That's why I said, I said my piece. I said my piece in the beginning, I was dead serious.


But I'm also understanding, I'm also understanding it was an honest mistake. I know your character, I know you personally, so I know that's not you. So I understand it was an honest mistake, which is why we can sit here And. we can laugh about it. You can say your piece, you can, you know, fall on your sword and and apologize to the people and you will be given that grace for that mistake. Yeah. Because we understand that's not you. But These jokes gonna Fly. Hey man, Ocho, somebody said, oh, did you have the goat mask on? Woo. Guys, thank you for joining us for this very episode, very special edition episode of Nightcap.


Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And, we thank you Ocho and I and the entire team at Nightcap for helping Nightcap matter. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock And. if you can't find it in a state or sitting near you, you can order it from our e-commerce site and we'll ship it directly to your door and we have it in stock. So the wait won't be long. Please make sure you follow my co media company page on all platforms. That's she, she Media and my clothing company 84, they're responsible for the shirt that you see I'm having on, I have a club she she shirt and the shirt that we have painted, the chat that just came out.


And our Nightcap, this is our tour tee right here with all the stops on the back. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. The tour sheet tee, they dropped earlier this week. And And, we just have a new shirt as we mentioned that made fun of. I'm glad y'all can look at as I'm glad y'all can find a way to make fun of my situation. Please go buy yours not 80 four.com. So guys, thank you for joining us for this spec, very special edition of Nightcap. Hopefully I'm still your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, and I know he's your favorite number 85 because he's a route runner. Extraordinary. He's the man of the people. He's the Bengal ring of Fame honoree, the legendary, the pro Bowl of the all Pro from Liberty City on.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, thank you for joining us again. We'll see you tomorrow night. The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy


This song Goes out to my new best pal PayPal. Now that I get 5% cash back with my PayPal debit card every month on the category I choose my PayPal and I we're going everywhere together because I wanna pay with you everywhere. I pay with PayPal at the shoe store, the Wind chime store, the.com store, all the stores. Oh, ah. Don't just pay PayPal Terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bay and Court Bank NA. Pursuant to licensed by MasterCard International Inc.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champions League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you're not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


What's good? Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.