
You're listening To an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Member Week is here at Lowe's. Don't miss your chance to get up to 40% off hundreds of items like paint, outdoor and home essentials and more. Shop our exclusive deals happening in store and online now through May 14th, not a rewards member. Join for free today and get ready to save more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless Skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat, moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit j lo beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo.


He's more than capable. I'll live with anything Draymond get. If Draymond takes 10 threes, I'll live with that. I'll, I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not overreacting to Draymond hitting one or two threes. I can't, I'm not minga minga, You know, he came in and played really well tonight. If you are probably gonna see more of him, you might see a little bit of Moody because they gotta try to get production from somewhere GP the second. He had an okay game, but he didn't get rhythm. I think the thing is, what they did a great job of is not letting anybody get river. And if you see that every early claim claim, clang, clang claim, well, that's what I want to happen because as Koran said, they're going back home.


They're very familiar with this building. They, they're comfortable shooting in this building. And so I'm I my attention one-on-one, look, I'm not sending help with Jimmy. Yeah, Y'all got it. Handle it. Yeah. Also, Listen, what, what are they gonna do on the defensive end of the floor? I like, we saw more zone defense from the Warriors in the series versus the Rockets. And yes, Todd Green had a tough time because it was no real estate for him. So he was living with contested threes and long twos. So now I, I think that they have to muck up the game more on the defensive end of the floor and they have one of the highest functioning brain speed guys with IQ on that team, on the defensive end of the floor with Draymond Green and Jimmy Butler.


So if they can anchor it in on that end of the floor, maybe they raise some points and create some conversion offense. But I, I just don't see them scoring enough, You know, step not being available. Hey, hey, I, I listen, not only the, you don't, we don't see them scoring enough with step not being available. Listen, the defensive pressure that the Wolves put on night, I mean, they recorded 10 still five blocks. They forced 17 goddamn damn turnovers and that 'cause they were contesting everything and running all over the place. Correct me if I'm wrong and let me know if my terminology is right, Karon without Steph on the floor, there's really no much really not that, that much space In you. It's not Yeah, I'm gonna correct.


Right. Hundred Percent. See, I I I promise you I could coach an NBA. You see that now I just, I just noticed that tonight every, everything was so, it seemed so cluttered and, and, and just, just outta whack and outta sort. Yeah, But because I I I, I'm not worried about, I'm not worried about anybody really hitting ungodly shots. 'cause see, Steph can get his own shot because if you try to run Steph off the three he'll sidestep or you put the ball on the floor and get to his float game. So he's not like, that's not what buddy see. Buddy is not gonna really put the ball on the floor and try to get to the rim. He'll try to, he'll pump up fake you and he still wants to shoot that three. Right? But with Steph in perpetual motion, you have to pay attention.


You can't because now Draymond a they'll, they'll put you in the dribble, the the dribble handoff and you think Draymond's gonna hand the ball, You know, hand the ball off and he'll turn and go and lay it up with Dunking. So there's so much action going on when Steph is in the game. That's what made 'em so tough when they had Steph and Clay and then you threw KD in the mix. So now what do you do? You got three guys that can shoot the lights outta the building. As Quran said, Dray, Monina is a very high IQ guy. They can run pin downs, they can run flares, they can do anything they want to do. You are at their mercy. You just hope they had an off night shooting. Now everybody ain't gonna have no off night shooting. And that's why they were in the high sixties all, all three years that that KD was there.


But when you put Steph into the mix, he's still the best shooter in the game and he is very difficult to defend and he takes so much of your focus, so much of your attention and not guys getting backdoor layups on you getting easy, easy, easy twos. Steph Curry isn't sure how long it would take for him to recover from the grade one left hamstring strain because it's the first time he's ever had such an injury calling the situation a gut punch. Steph said he has to be careful and can't rush his comeback. Given the tricky nature of hamstring injuries. This is new from all that I'm hearing, learning how quickly you can get back. There's been some healing process. You can't accelerate it more than it's, than it's telling you. So it'll be one after week after a week really reevaluating every day to understand when it's safe to just think about playing, let alone how much I can push it.


Steph is out through at least game four and will be evaluated after that. Game five is eight days after he suffered the injury. Then there's a three day break between game five and game six if necessary, which Steph would have 12 total days to recover. It's a two week recovery, it's a two week recovery. I told you exactly what it was when it happened and based on what I saw and said, I'm not saying I'm a doctor, but I can, you can tell, you can tell the fact they, you're able to catch it early and not able to to tear it or have it have it pull on you as much as it did. He was able to control it. So normally with that kind of grade one injury, especially a little, a little twitch like that where it pulls real slightly, it's always two weeks.


That first week is gonna be sore. That second week you get that dry needling, you get that cupping, you, you do your cold tub and whatever else you need to do out outside of that, he'll be fine game game. He, he could even come back game four. But game five he definitely gonna play. I think a lot of those medical terms go for everyday people. Like when you, when you do a diagnosis and like, okay, yeah, you'd be back walking and functioning at a high level again, but to perform in the playoffs at this intensity, right? I just think that's a different climate. Oh yeah, yeah. Jumping right back into what I expecting to be hampered. I agree. But I also think the thing is that what's different than when an athlete gets injured versus, You know, normal people is that normal people have PT two to three times a week.


A professional athlete getting pro, getting PT around the clock five times a week. Around the clock. Around The clock. So they're having someone doing something with Steph around the clock, he's getting stem, he's getting passive stretch, he's getting all the ultrasound, he's getting a laser, he's getting all those things that that normal people might get twice to three times a week. But they're not getting that extensive, they're not getting a laser, they're not getting, You know, they get some of the things but athletes, that's why they healed so quickly. First of all, they're a little younger and, but Steph said, look, I've never had this injuries and when I came back from those other things, I was in my twenties, I was in my prime, I'm not there anymore. Now I'm 30, 36, 37 years of age. Yeah. So it's probably going to take me a little longer to overcome something like this considering I don't have, I don't have a GPS so I don't know what it's like because I've never had this injury before and it's late and it's late in this career.


So things don't, don't bounce back. Hey, when you were young Koran, you might have something one to two days. Hey man, I'm good to go. Then all of a sudden as you started getting older, three to four days, five to six days, now all of a sudden it's 10 to 15 days. I still Got some shit that hurt on me right now. One, Hey, hey. Yeah. Hey what was that, what was that we used to do and You know when you, when you pull something, you hear something? Oh, DMO no no, no. When they, they put the, the, the, You know you do ek, EK, G and they all stuff. Oh yeah, you put the stem on. You put the stem on it, But stem Oh with the ice. That's, that's what it's called. Stem. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You, You feel and you feel it pulsing.


Yeah. Yeah. He get, I'm telling he get that stem, he get that that dry needling Get ultrasound. He getting all that ultrasound. Man, he gonna be good. He gonna be, I guarantee you if you want to, and especially Quran, when, when it's time to come back, game four, game five, put some pressure, put that that rap what you call not days bandage, what you call the thing. Some people they put neoprene, some people gonna do Ace B but here's the thing with, Yeah, put that little pressure around the spot Ron. He gonna be ready to go. Why? But because he runs so much ocho. There you go. I mean his whole game is predicated. He's Not. I know that's, that's why you need that pressure. You need that pressure in that area though. But That's why he needs to make sure that thing's healthy. Yeah. Because he runs more than anybody else in the NBA.


So he's not a guy that can just stand in the corner. That's not his game. His game is predicated on movement. Yeah. Certain bus bursts and sudden stops and cuts and You know when you got soft tissue injury. Yeah man, they don't like all that. Starting and stopping. Yeah. It ain't nothing to play with. I Was watching the body language of the whole warrior's bench. I always look at the bench when I'm watching games and he, he didn't get up much on that bench all, and, and that was, You know, another sign too because when guy's not jumping up and down in, in the midst of runs, like say it's going a ten two run or something like that. Like he was clapping, he was engaged. I, I was, he was out there mentally but he wasn't moving on that sideline.


And that's one of those things like, oh yeah, he really nursing that thing. It's Really, it's really sore. Yeah, A hundred percent Because when you have a hand injury you ain't trying to do a whole lot of movement. You slow, you dragging you 'cause they telling you, okay, try to walk as normal as you possibly can. Man I'm dragging this leg man that thing hurt. Try to walk in a, trying to walk in a normal motion and cry. You hey ojo, I don't know if you had a spray neck on Joe but crying. I'm sure you have played in in NBA man, You know walk normal man. I'm walking like a, like I'm a pirate man. I'm whole, I'm walking the whole foot. I ain't getting no yeah I'm walking, I'm walk club like I got a club foot. I ain't getting up on no to no do flexion.


It's tough. It's a lot easier said than done. And the people are like, well you gotta do this again. People say that that hasn't gone through that. So when you go through it, you, You know. You know what it's like, Hey, hey we counting on you. I don't know what for, Hey I get back when I get back. I get back when I get back. You try to push through it but You know, I mean and you try to do some stuff at home and you see how it feel. I mean it feel pretty good after you get all that treatment. But after about five, 10 minutes when that hey all of a sudden that blood ain't in there and that thing ain't warmed up. Whew. I don't know. I don't know if I'm be able to go this weekend that different beasts.


Tyrese, Halliburton was warned over his game. Two celebration. Halliburton expected to be fine for him. Dance his dancing celebration. The big ball. Yeah the big balls. That was dope. Game two winner but received on warning from the league office instead. Halle, I've been waiting for that. I've been waiting for that man. It's just the right in the moment. It was the right in the moment. Yeah man, I've been waiting like that. I'll take that fine. Gladly. Halliburton fully expected a fine because the celebration is similar to the one he used, believed he had first brought to the league by Sam Cassel. Sam Cassel was the first one I actually saw that when he was in with Houston. Sam could long ago have drove such family from the NBA, others have done it. LeBron James, Eddie House, drew Randall, Fred Van, fleet Moore have been fine for the league as described as obscene gesture.


And that's, You know, It's not bad. It's not bad. And listen, all athletes that happen to be watching and I'm sure this is gonna replay over and over and over and probably go viral, which most of our stuff does if you play at the highest level, N-F-L-N-B-A-M-L-B-N-H-L, whatever, whatever it may be. The one thing they love to do, they love to take what they Think you value most. That's your money. How do we keep these people in line that we pay millions of dollars to? We take their money. You know why they want to take your money? Because they think that's what they think. That's what you value most. Mm. Enjoy yourself. Continue to have fun, celebrate heck this is, this is the entertainment business. Lemme ask you a Question. When you doing that gesture, what is it?


Huh? This when he's doing that gesture? Yeah. What is that? It means I got Kas. I got Kas and I you can say and I get a big shot. You know the kids watching, right? What their kids watching. Yeah. What we Talking about basketball. We kids are watching. I, they have a problem with it personally, but I Hey kid, kids are watching Nightcap right now. What you talking about man, let's go. Hey. But you said he didn't get fired. He did not get fired. Okay. I want my money because I got five gave thousand for it. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of guys have gotten fired for that.


Yeah. Okay. I want mine. I want mine back. I'm gonna be waiting on my check in the mail. I think because Hannah said he's expected to find this, said nah, we not gonna give it to you. Expect but Don do it again find Too, I want reparations. I want my daddy records. Look I understand that that celebration 'cause it wa it was, I mean Halley's had, I mean look, he had the game winner against Milwaukee. Remember he had the game winning lay up. Milwaukee had that big lead and they came all the way back and he had the game winning lay up with like 0.6 seconds to go. And then look, when Halle is aggressive, they hard to beat because they're a committee. They're not gonna have anybody to have 30 or 40 points.


They gonna have a maybe one or two guys in the twenties and then they gonna have a bunch of teams. They gonna normally have six, seven guys in double figures Koran. So You know you have two, maybe two guys with 20 to 23 and then you have 19, 18, 17, 16, 2 with 14 and then you get a eight and a six. Yeah. They do it. That's how they, and that's how they and Halle is, is is the head of the snake a hundred because he's looking to push tempo every chance he gives either he'll take it out of the net or they'll take it off the rim. But they're pushing tempo and you've got to play like that. You've got to get back because you celebrate like, oh yeah, you hold that three up there like that and then they laid it up on the other end on the other. Yeah. And the coach looking at you like, bro you gotta get back. All they're doing is looking to push and they got young athletic guys that can get up and down, they can defend.


They look Knee Smith and Nihar, they got c aka they got guys that You know, that can, You know, try to funnel you to a miles turner. But their thing is predicated on offense. Yeah. There predicated on offense. And they can go on a run at the blink of a eye Pace in space or they could play in the half court, which you touched on. And I think Halle has really just elevated to a whole nother level. I think he used that as fuel when everyone said that he was a overlay or whatever and You know, you play for the respect of your peers and when people Yeah. Your, That's what they think of you. Yeah. That ain't no fan because normally that ocho ocho like to say, man, that's the fans, they don't know what they're talking about. Hey, hey those were the players that said that. I don't think that was real Quran ain't no way in hell goddamn.


Damn the players voted That it couldn't have been. Yeah, exactly. I I I really think it's some, I think they just put the title of oh the players voted goddamn done. That's why, why they don't put No players name because you'd be surprised Koran, You know, you be surprised what players think of other players. Yeah, that's right. What we, what we think of something about being good Ocho we know 'cause like, hey he make the Pro Bowl, he he's some good garbage. I mean I'm sure y'all say the same thing about man, how does joke make the All star game Game. Right. But that's, that's just the way it is. Perception of a person's reality. And some people think, look, because Halle is really not a scoring point guard. We like scoring point guards.


Now we like Steph and James Hard and Shay and, and and Luca. See we like point guards that go get your 40 50. That's what we like. Not Quran. We don't like the old school Magic Johnson, Jason kids, John Stockton. We don't let no guy give you 15 and 10. Nah, gimme 35 and 10. Yeah. How, How did y'all do the scouting thing in the NFL? Like per player or situation? Well what we did, okay, the offensive line coach would address the D line. So he say okay, we say Reg, okay here's Reggie. Reggie likes to bull, he likes to hump. Well he'll start you up the he'll start you up and then use your momentum to club you. Here's a guy that that's really good with his hands.


He likes the post. He can turn, You know, he can turn speed, he can turn power to speed. He can bend the edges. Okay. Now the tight end would address the linebackers. The running back coach would address the inside linebackers, wide receivers. There are times we, hey, this guy right here, we gonna take advantage of him. He likes to hold this guy like here. He's nosy. He's gonna, he's gonna bite. We're going to a, we're not gonna do it early, but we're gonna do it late because in situations T Buck was a, was one of the notorious ones. T Buck had a philosophy. He going, he going jump something, boy, you got, you got more, you got more slants and stomps than you got Go routes. So I'm gonna take my chances and you work and you, hey, sometimes he gonna get you.


Sometimes he gonna get him. Yeah. But that's how we did it. We looked at, but there have been times Koran that guys have made the, made the Pro Bowl that I thought other guys were better. Well You know, the fans and and so forth and so on. 'cause it's, You know, fans get a vote, the coaches and the coaches get a vote and the players get a vote. Yeah. But there have been times that I'm like, That ain't it. No, especially when you a especially when you, when you, when you watch it on film and you see it in person, what the hell you doing here? Yeah. I I don't know. I whew, I don't know. I don't know. I somebody e either this either you just had an outer like cross had an out-of-body experience or them other guys some trash that you was playing against.


But one of the two. Yeah, Halliburton is one of those guys that I like. I was getting to the point of if you had to do a pre-game edit or a scout on him, he can take up the whole pre-game edit because you, you, you think about him in a blitz coverage, he can make pretty much every pass out of it. You think about him in the open side, pick and roll. He could sweep the defense. He could play in the dr against the drop coverage. He could play against his own coverage. He can get escape and reject. He can draw files. So you gotta go over all those boxes that you gotta check coming off the pick and roll off a live dribble. And he got a pull up game. You got a geezer even though a a different looking shot he's going to make you come out that Kel Martin, he look like Kel Martin.


Yeah. And it goes in and it is efficient and he's a, like, he, he want the moments you see Big moment. Yeah. Like, You know, going around coulda got fined. Right. But You know, he deserve that moment. You know what I mean? So Wisconsin native, I, I salute him because You know, I I love, I love all my Wisconsin natives and the brothers that's, that's hooping at a high clip. And he, he's just representing, well He, he, he really is. He's taught Hadley what, 6 5, 6 6? He he's a big guard. Yeah, he is. He's a, he's a big guard so he can see over coverage. He's not no 6 1, 6 2 guard. He can see over a lot of that and don't let pops in the arena. Huh. And don't let his pops be in an arena he putting on a show.


And the thing is, You know what it is I think in the system that they get up and down. I think the system that Indiana implements is perfect for him. Yeah. Because he wants to get up and down. They play up and down style. It's kinda like Magic Johnson Lee Magic could have been good in, in the half court set because he's so, he's six nine. We had never seen anything like magic. 'cause normally six nine guys, they were centers in Powell forward. We had never seen a six nine guard. So he could see over the defense. But once they adopted Showtime and they was Byron Scott and you had Jamal Wils and you had big game James running the court running the floor. It was over. It was a wrap. It was over. We've never seen anything like it. Showtime. Yeah. So he could, he could throw the ball the length of the court and then he could handle it.


Hey, he coming down, take that with you. And so now, and so now with the space that these guys play with, guys that have speed and are unself like a Halliburton is because I believe he's a, he's a, he's a, the, the essence of a point guard. A lot of these guys are point guards, masquerading. They're actually two guards masquerading at a point. Yep. James Hard is a two guard. I don't care what y'all say. Lukey is a two guard. Shaa is a two guard. They masquerading his points. Jason Kid was a point magic. Pure point, pure point. The John stock the magic. Those were pure point guards. These guys today, the John Morans, the Russell Westbrooks, those guys were twos masquerading.


Now John more so because John's a little on the smaller side. He's not as tall as as say Luca and Shaa Shay's bigger than people think. I don't know why people thought Shaa was like 6 2, 6 3 7. I thought he, I thought he was six three At best. No that, nah, he got everything. Hold, Hold on, hold on. Hey Koran, you unc surprise me the other night we were talking about, we was talking about the nuggets. He talking about God damn joke six 11. Yeah. He's, he legit Man. I'm talking about boy you See his score And his footwork to be That B he got that bag. What the hell? Yeah. He, he has no weakness in his offensive game. Yogi we do has no weakness in his offensive game. He can get to the mid, he can step out, shoot the three, he can put the ball on the floor.


He got touch around the rim with either hand. His float game is impeccable offensively he has no weaknesses. His game. And I don't know how many guys, and maybe well Elijah won, had the footwork like that and he was good around the basket. But Elijah didn't have three points. No, no big really shot the three like that No big was really shooting the three until Dirk came into the NBA. Yeah. And so now you had these stretches, but Yoic offensively from the three point line all the way in, he got the mid, Hey he can finish, he can finish at the realm. He ain't a ball the rim, he can finish at the realm, but he's got tremendous touch with either hand. He, for me, Koran, I don't know what you think Koran for me, look, Shaa does, has earned the nm VP this year.


Hundred percent. Yo Yoki is the best player in the N-B-A-I-I. I wouldn't, I Wouldn't argue that. And and to your point about the bigs, You know, guys shooting from the perimeter like, like dirt did. DeMarcus Cousins is a guy that always gets that. But We just talked about that the other night. Yeah. I said, I said that last night. That was my comparison. Yeah. He was a, that boy was a prop. He had a three year stretch where it wasn't winning basketball because it was still like in transition and, but man, I, I'd never seen nobody be able to guard him. No, you couldn't. Impossible. Before, before he had that Achilles injury. Mm. And then he towards me, they couldn't stop Boogie. Yeah. Yeah. You hey Kar, we was actually having a conversation and there was a real conversation.


Anthony Davis or Boogie Cousins. That was a real conversation. Yeah. That wasn't no play play that was legit. And a lot of people say, give me boogie. Yes. Yeah, You were nice. Hey Karon, you just said something you didn't want to challenge UNC when he said the best play in the NBA was joker. Now do you agree with that or you do have somebody else in mind when it comes to the best player in the NBA? Right now, The the best player in the NBA right now is to you the the the MVP of the league. And who's gonna be the MVP of the league? SGA. Oh, okay. You take, if I gave you a draft right now, I said okay, I'm gonna give you one player. You take it. That's a different, I knew you was coming that I give you one player.


You getting to draft one player to start a team with right now. I'm taking bail. You taking who? Bail. Okay. We respect, we respect That. We respect that. Hey, Hey, hey. Speaking of listen, Kran Kran worked with the Heat and Kran don't even know it's about to happen. You know, he's in a position where he's a part of, he's a part of the organization. Right. So he doesn't even know about the, the conversation and the sit down that you Been having behind the scenes. Yeah. That I had with Washer Mickey Harrison and goddamn Pat Riley. So he don't even know the surprise that's coming, You know, this season. Oh, he got something for us, You know, and he's not, he got something for us.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I got something, You know, I sat down, I sat down with Pat. I'm telling Pat, listen Pat, in order for us to go where we want to get to and to get back to our winning ways, you gotta loosen the reins a little bit, baby. You gotta loosen the reins a little bit. So Pat, he told me, listen, I'm gonna do what I can and we got, I got some surprises and some and some moves I'm trying to make in the off season. We trying to get Giannis and Ja Morron down here in Miami. Now I know you can't say nothing because it is conduct detrimental to the team. So you just listen to me. It's called Tampering. No, that's tampering Tamper. Yeah. He can't. Okay, You know what, lemme stop. Lemme stop. Lemme stop. Let go ahead and finish the show. My bad, my bad. Quran my my bad. Yeah. I, what, what Koran, when I, when I, when I look at Shaa, okay, Shaa got it all.


Shaa got a bag. He can shoot the three, that mid-range bro. That match the way he gets you going and just pull back. That's automatic. Yeah. That damn near free throw. And it doesn't matter if it's 10 feet, 15 or 18, he got, hey, he's perfected that shot unstoppable. He can, he can get, he can get all the way to the cup. And he, and the thing is now he's in that thing, he's in that stretch like James Harden where James Harden was getting into the free throw line. 10, 11, 12 times a game Plus because he had most 20, 30, 40, 50 point games this season. You know what, when I think about it, You know Koran and unc, You know who Ja remind me of who that like, You know what I'm talking about Ja Morant.


Yeah. You know who remind me of don't say you. I, I mean, I mean No, hold on. Now I'm, I'm talking about Sha sj. Oh yeah. Who asked j remind you of about Joe? Me. I knew he was Don't say that. Me, because you should, you should have saw me in high school. We had the same moves, like identical. Our, our movements, our mannerisms, our ability to stop and go, You know what? High school, it's unbelievable how much of Me asking footage what what high school. No, you ain't, don't worry about it. He ain't got nothing. He ain't got no footage. What? He ain't got no footage. Oh Yeah. Well hey listen, hey Caron at Miami B senior high, I score 56 a night. I'm in a, from my freshman and senior year I was 50, 56, 12 and 10. Look at look at up. Look at up.


You can it with a serious face though. Hey, but I don't lie. I lie for you before I lie to What I But see that's the thing. You got to be serious because then if you weren't serious, whether you be a pathological lies, so you got to have some, Hey you gotta Have, you gotta have so discern be like, oh man, hojo might be might be telling the Truth. Yeah. Every time I say something on here, right? People go back Quran people go back and look at it and Google it or YouTube it And say he'd Be and it'd be right. Yeah. And it be it be right there in your face. Because some of the stuff I say, some of the stuff I seen, some of the stuff I did in the past is, is is not believable because people think I'd be playing but then they go and do they homework and they be like, well I be damned this motherfucker.


It's not believable because it's not true. Nah, it's true. I Be think about it. Think about some of the great players. LeBron didn't average 56. Antman didn't average 56. Hold on. Anthony Davis didn't Luca you take some of the greatest Kareem, Right? Kareem. Kareem. What people don't realize Kareem was the greatest high school basketball player ever. Kareem lost one game in high school. See that's, he lost two games in college. So let that sink in for 8, 4, 8 years before. Well he couldn't play his freshman year because freshmen couldn't play back then. But Kareem's freshman team beat the varsity team that won the national championship. So for, for a, for a seven year period, Kareem lost three games in college into high school. So he's the greatest high school and college basketball player ever.


And he never 56. Huh? Who told you that his number, the numbers say that. I mean, well, well my numbers say I'm better than him. So I'm trying to figure out where you got your information from. You were you Gatorade player of the year in Florida? Huh? When you Gatorade Player of the year. But I played, I played in a high school Gatorade. We had no Gatorade back then. We had no Gatorade. Gatorade, they had Gatorade. They been had Gatorade. But we had check soda. Okay, check soda. We couldn't even afford Gatorade. We hadda When you failed to a check soda player of the year. We had, we had check soda. We couldn't afford Gatorade. Unc I I'll tell you, no lie, I'll Ask Soda. Were you check Soda Player of the year? Yes, I was chch so player Of the year. Okay. But we we looking for that right now. Alright, Go Google it. Google Google me.


I'm have to ask you. Donna has one. 'cause he, he fact check. Hey I dunked on you D when he was at Miami high. Udi UD was scared of me out there on the court. Man they couldn't do nothing with me. I'm telling you, you didn't tell. You asked Udi I average 56, 56, 12 and 10 in high school. I'm telling you, don't worry about Carl. We get this LeBron topic. LeBron still isn't ready to make a decision about his NBA future one week after the Lakers lost. I haven't had a conversation with the family yet as far as me going forward or whatever the case may be. But we'll see what happens. LeBron has a $52.6 million player option for next season. Koran. Do you think he'll pick it up? Does he opt out, take less money to try to get more help?


What do you, what do you see LeBron doing? I I think that he's gonna do what whatever's best for the organization because I think that they have a great collaboration over there and they did go get Luca and I think that he's in constant communication just, just from a observation standpoint with Rob pka and everyone's on the same page. He's pretty much having his way, You know, with, You know, bro being over there in the roster that he's been wanting to build out for the ever since he's been in Los Angeles. And I think once you get Luca committed then you can go down that pecking order and You know, check the other boxes and if it is some space for flexibility and you might need him opt out to take less or whatever for the better good of the team, then you do that.


But I think the, the ball is in his court like, You know, LeBron, he, he's earned the right to do exactly what the hell he want to do. And I think they're gonna work with him in every capacity to make sure everything work and they don't check those boxes. LeBron averaged 24 and a half points a game, 8.2 assist, 7.8 rebounds per game in his 21st NBA season. I think Vince Carter had averaged the most points. I think he averaged like seven in his 21st season. He about to break with the addition of Luca. I could see LeBron playing another two years. Koran easy. I could see him actually playing with two of his sons on that roster. Ah, I wouldn't be surprised, You know, and I, I and a lot of people like, oh damn, I, I totally forgot about Bryce, You know, but that makes the most sense to me in the world that he would wait to, You know, he only got one year probably that he is gonna do at the university where he is going to Arizona or something.


Arizona. Yeah. So he do a year there, he, he jump ship and now he on the Laker or or in the league and playing against his dad and brother. I mean some more history to be made this following season. And then obviously they have a realistic shot at competing for a title being one of those top six or seven teams again going into the next season. So, and then you can ride into the sunset however you feel like it. But LeBron is definitely capable of playing it at least the way he is going now, at least another two to three years at a high level because I just don't, I don't know how significant the knee injury is, but he, he, he's never had injuries and he take well good care of his himself. So, and plus here, like he's just, I was ahead of everyone from a mental standpoint And I think, I think You know, them taking him off the ball, letting Luca be the primary ball handler, letting ar be the primary ball handler so that's less wear and tear of his body so he can dive and cut.


He's, he's added a three point shot to his bag. So now he's about to be top five in the NBA three point shots. And that's how you stay a long time because when you have a particular time, think about it, LeBron has gone like two to three different eras of basketball. Sure did. And he's evolved. The greatest treat to survival, the greatest key to survival is adaptability. His ability to adapt to the type because this what LeBron was a a, a get to the basket guy. He still can but not nearly as efficient or not nearly as much as he once did. Right. If you notice now LeBron shoot the three, he still can play with his back to the post. He's still a turn that right shooter and let the thing go. He's still top fast break points.


Yes. That's cool. And he still, and and he led in fourth quarter scoring. Yeah, That's wild. And Year and year 22. That's Crazy. No, 2022. Yeah. 'cause he's a 20, he's a 2021. Was he 21 time All star? Yeah. 21 time. So you, you, you're right. But the question is Kar here, the question in building this team out, LeBron and Luca, they're similar but LeBron, but Luca wants law threats. LeBron wants spacing in three point shooters. So how do you build a team? Because it seemed like Mark Williams would've been a great, 'cause I knew they were in trouble, they really didn't have a big can. Now you only playing Jackson Hayes 10, 10, 15 minutes.


Now you go Ru and LeBron one's playing the four, the playing the five, you got no rim protection, you got no help side defense. And really Luca first dribble that number go, they gonna get by Luca either the first or the second dribble. Ar is a much better. LeBron is a year 22. So we can't expect him to sit in the chair. So they really, I mean Vanderbilt, when you got Vanderbilt, he's a good defender, but you really playing four on five on the offensive end. Finn Smith, he could have some offense, but he's so inconsistent, so up and down. So how, how does Rob go about building this team to make everybody happy and best put this team in position to compete for a championship? Well I think That's the reason why he left Craig's dinner spot with all those sheets of paper in that, in that folder.


You know what I mean? Like he's looking at every roster spot and looking at all the guys that's possibly available in the market and someone that you can, You know, add on that can be an asset to that organization. You are going to have to have a lob threat, You know, for Luca. And yes, when people say that, You know, a a lob threat is gonna take away the real estate, it it actually not because you're put a lot of pressure on the rim and that's gonna put the weak side guy always tagging and trying to take away the dunk and that's gonna open up the two on one on the backside of the court. So that's exactly what they need. And then you talked about perimeter defense. I thought Ho Moore did a great job, but there's always room for improvement and You know, and the challenge for Luca going into, You know, the summer, which it seems to be very potent, is just, You know, working on his conditioning, working on being the best possible version of himself and trying to move the needle on the defensive end of the floor.


So you're not responsible for so many advantage situations. And I think he's gonna take that challenge, You know, he, You know, people hear the whispers, You know, as, as, as coaches, as as a former player. It's true in every joke when people tell, tell you about, You know, some of the things you can do better on the defensive men on the floor or you Yeah, you're not sharing the ball, you turn over prone, whatever the case may be. You go to the back to the lab and when you working on your craft with your player development people and your pods, you like, all right, I gotta sharpen the tools a little, a little differently going into the season. So I'm, so I think he's just gonna be a lot better and You know, I think the team is gonna be a force to be reckoned with. I'm looking forward to seeing him next year Because I look at it seem like every year in the playoffs Luke will wear down it seems like at each, each game, game one he's fresh and then game two he starts to, he he starts to move old and over.


It's like he's aging about it. Like he's Benjamin Button, but he's going the other way. Benjamin Button came down to a baby, it seemed like he was a baby and going to a old ass man. 'cause it seems like after game one it is like game two, game three, they're like damn game four, he could barely walk. I thought this was gonna break him out there in the wheelchair. I'll say this too though, and a lot of people, You know it, You know, no lack of empathy for anyone, but it's like when trades happen, I don't know y'all ever been traded in the middle of a season or stinks. No. It, it takes a to especially in the way that he was. But it, yeah, it takes a a, a toll on you like no other. And then the responsibility to immediately be at the forefront of everything.


You're the headline in the story across the association and then all of a sudden you gotta perform at this optimum level with, You know, arguably the greatest player of this generation and then all of a sudden it's just like the expectations is different spot. I I, You know, I don't, I don't take that lightly 'cause I see it from a different lens being in the locker room and You know, being an advocate for the players. So I I I do have empathy for 'em and, and in that space too, because I was traded, You know, before and I had to go through that shit. So it's, it, it isn't easy and You know, players not robots and there's a reason why it's, You know, mental spaces for, You know, players to kind Of, You know, get through, decompress and talk about it. Yeah. Hundred percent.


Yeah. I, I I I totally get it because it's, it's a situation. It's one thing to get traded if I request a trade. Mm. It's something entirely different when I'm thinking I'm gonna spend my entire career with one organization. He's a guy, guy, You know, he's a dirt guy. Mm. As long as he wants to stay in Dallas, he stays in Dallas. But I didn't want to get traded and you trade me like two months before my 26th birthday. A five time first team all NBA selection. I just led a team to the NBA finals. I've been a a this many time All star and you telling me what? Mm Yeah. Oh it's a shot. Yeah. Give us a shot. Definitely.


Jason Tatum showed the blame for his struggles over the first two game versus the nick. I take full ownership of the way I've played in the series and I can't sugarcoat anything. I need to be better. I expect to be a lot better guys work really hard on their game and their craft and prepare to be in those moments to hit open shots and it just hasn't happened the last two games. But you can't lose your confidence either. Tatum Jumper has abandoned him thus far. He's made just 12 or 42 shots. That's 29%. Hey. And it's frequently settled for three points where he's shooting five or 20, 25%. He has taken only nine free throws in two games and he has eight turnovers. See the free throws telling me he's not being aggressive. He's telling me he's settling.


Yeah. Okay. Hey, Nick said We live with that. Hey, hey uncle. He always say, You know, one of his idols, someone he admired and looked up to. Yeah, I'm assuming he would love to model his game after him. That's Kobe and Jellybean Bryant. So the first thing for Tatum where he gotta go back and think, well that starts up here. This sir, this, there's something that Kobe got that you can't be taught. It can't be coached, it's already in you. That mentality. I mean mamba mentality, whatever you wanna call it, that ain't nothing but a dog. That's all it is. They just changed the name when it came to Kobe. That's already in you. So for when you approach to the game of basketball in this series, it has to change.


You got to go in that with that same mentality. He's settling, going, y'all stop, Stop, stop putting up the three. Stop putting up the threes, put the ball in the flow. Call for iso, wait for the pick. I mean, do whatever you gotta do to get yourself in rhythm to get the game going. You supposed to be the face of the NBA Hmm or one of those type of guys, but you not playing like that guy Ocho. Lemme ask you a question. Why didn't you stop eating McDonald's? Why? Because you had success. Because you had success. Success Doing, Doing what you do doing. So why should he stop? Why should he stop shooting threes? He's had success, he's won a championship. He's been, he's about to be a four time first team all NBA selection, right? He's won two gold medals. So tell me why he should stop.


Well, I'm, I'm gonna tell you this one, I had a lot of tools in my tool bag, right? So if at any point the McDonald's wasn't working for me, I had a plan B and I had something else I can go to just in case, You know what? I can't do this no more. So boy, I'm, I'm vert to this your whole thing with I'm tell you why, I'm gonna tell you why it should have changed. I'm gonna tell you why. 'cause right now you're down oh two mm and what you do on the pad two games ain't motherfucking my bad. I'm I'm sorry for the cursing. What you do the last two games ain't working. So what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna go on the toolbox. I know question toolbox because I see, I seen him Do it. Lemme ask you a question. Your game was predicated on quickness. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was Me. Did you play, did you play physical? Did you play through contact? No, that was your game. I mean, I I mean I could, I could You saw what I did to Ray Lewis. I Could. Yeah, I did. I well everybody saw that, that that grand stayed still on your back.


I think I ran into Ray. I think I hit Ray. So Koran, so, so te if you, if so, tell me if this you Koran you are who you are. Yeah. You an all you an all star, you are an all NBA selection. You've been, you are a champion. You won gold medals and you're in a shooting slump like this. And it's come at the worst, at the most inopportune times because it came when you were at home. You're down oh two and you're about to go on the road for the next two. And there's a chance when you come back to Boston, you're gonna come back to clean out your locker. If this, you, you are in this situation, what's your mental approach? What are you, what is Kran Butler saying to Koran Butler, I'm gonna leave an effort where there is no regrets, like an effort that I can live with an effort that I ain't tossing and turning sleep, trying to sleep with.


And I think that, You know, one, one of the things before I get like diving into the mental aspect of it, I'm thinking about what is his health like certain, You know, because he did take the hit. Is he Nick or something? Is he, is he nick? Like from, why is he settling? But You know, obviously when you are available, when you, You know, you take whatever, You know for your, your ailments and you get out there on that platform, You know, all bets is off. So I think that he just got have to play extremely aggressive. I think he know who he is. He don't need no one to remind him and he just has to be confident, You know, in the moment. And, You know, take on the, the, the, the Jason Tatum mentality, You know, you you own man, You know, and go out there and do what you gotta do.


And you the leader of that ball club. And I think that, You know, brown is gonna step up in a major way too. You know, he's the guy that usually answers the bell and takes a lot of pressure off Tatum in the, in those moments. And I think they gonna do it by committee. They got a lot of guys that's battle tested holiday as well. I think you're gonna see a better version of him, You know, the defensive end of the floor because the struggles is that they send in a lot of bodies at Brunson. He is a guy and he's been the guy on that floor for this series. And somehow some way, one of the other faces of the league, which is Jason Tatum and n Brown, they're gonna have to step up and say, Hey, there's three guys on this floor.


You know what I mean? And I think Kat is gonna have something a little say in this series too, once they go back to New York. But it, it is really gonna be on the shoulders of Brown and Tatum, You know, to take them and, and get 'em back in the series. Hey, hey, I got, I got a question, right? So you think about it, the, the Celtics was down oh two, right? Yeah. The Celtics in both games had a 20 no 20 point lead. The Knicks had a 20 point deficit. They, You know, they, they they were down, down by 20 bowl games and came back and won, right? Yeah. So the CELs haven't been playing well hell, the Knicks haven't even played well yet either. But just so happened towards the end of the game, Jalen Brunson and collectively as a group, the Knicks found 'em up, found a way to win. The Knicks are playing exactly how they wanna play though Ocho Exactly. This is the way Nick plays.


Exactly. This is the way, see you look at, so you thinking that Nick's supposed to have like a hundred twenty, a hundred twenty five points? No, no, no play. No, That's not them. That's not them. That's not them. They, they wanna mark the game up. They want the game to be close. Yeah. In clutch situation the last five years. Just have a chance. That's all I want. Yeah, Yeah. But then I have a question though. Yes. So think about this. The fact that they haven't played well the sex haven't played well, right? They had a two, they had a 20 point lead in both games and still lost towards the end. Now you're going to the garden, right? Yeah. So what, let's say what happened if this time the Knicks dude play better basketball as opposed to what they, when you going home playing? Well I told, I told you the Celtic was gonna go home anyway. I told you that thought You gonna be a sweep?


Nah, I'm saying no. Ain't ain Gonna be no sweet, Ain't gonna be no Sweep. The problem that I have, I really meet me. Of all the teams that play and there's some teams that don't have very good records. The Celtics are the team that I least like to watch play. 'cause all they do is chunk up threes. They chunk up threes. Now they got that 20 point lead by running plays, getting to the rim, finishing, doing a go, doing a lot of good stuff. And then all of a sudden he is like, You know what, this is not who we are. We, I'd rather lose, I'd rather lose our weight jacket up threes than win by doing, by running plays and getting to the basket. The first half, Jason Tatum had two points. The second half, Jalen Brown had three points. Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown are combined. Two of 19 shooting in the fourth quarter.


The Knicks have come back from 20 down twice, outscored the Celtics by 22 point in the final quarter thus far. See, that's, that's your problem. You two bad, your two big guns, the guy that you're counting on are misfiring in the most important quarter of it all. That's the fourth quarter. And you see what happened. Jason Tatum got himself in a, got himself in a pickle, didn't know what to do, got up in the air like, oh, what, what? Oh, boom. And, and, and, and Mikhail Bridges right there. Mikhail Bridges plays sensational. He had zero points through the first three quarters and then he pops out with 14. 14. But the biggest difference in this ball game, Koran, was Kat, Kat shot 1 3, 1 3 pointer. He got his butt down on the block, right?


He got it on the move and he punished Al Horford. That's situation. That's Kat. See Carl as the town. Shoot. Three Kat punishes people. They're two different guys. There's the same person, but they're two different guys. He's So talented, man. He is. And, but see, remember last year when people said, Kat, they ain't got nobody on the gaffer, can't guard you, likely can't guard you. They don't have anybody can guard you. Why are you settling? They're applauding you, they're bringing you cookies, they're bringing you gifts for shooting those threes. Get down on that block and punish 'em. Don't Settle. And he settled. What you think game three? You think the Celtics get this thing figured out, or did they keep jacking up?


Threes not at the guard. Nope. I I I think it all depends on how the Knicks were success. You know, do you go back and you, You know, still have that same urgency and not pretend like you playing with house money and, You know, wear success well and still have that, that same dog and that, that that tenacity, because you have to understand that you going to receive Boston's best. Like They, they gotta win this game. It's coming with The everything. And they gonna throw everything at you in the first court for first half, basically. And if you could sustain it, so be a game of runs. And if you could sustain it, if you keep that energy electric in that gym, in, in that arena, then you, you have a chance in the second half to, You know, make a game out of it.


And if it come down to a possession ball game, You know, you got Mr. Clutch, Mr. Fourth quarter on your side, and he's been the best player in this series this far. He can get you over the hump. But I, I really do think that Brown and Tatum and also Holiday is gonna have a huge say so in this game, because holiday has always been the guy that you can just put on the best offensive player and he can wipe them out or wash em out, and then him and white take turns on those take Turns. But Brunson has been a little different. He beat you up offensively. He know how to, He's so crafty, he's so Tough to officiate and You know, now he has a grit, a a, a good feel of, You know, this controlling this series.


It's gonna be interesting to see what it's going to be like going into the game three. The problem that the Celtics have had is that they had a 20 point lead. And the Knicks don't feel that there's no lead safe that the Celtics have. So it doesn't matter if the Celtics jump out 10, 15 or even 20. The Knicks says, Hey, we've been here the first two games that was in their building. I know we can feed off the energy and our building and chase them down if necessary. But what happens if they can't build that, that 20 point lead? Yeah. See, the longer, see the problem is that with the Celtics is that most of the time this season they were blowing teams out. So You know, those guys getting rest. Now all of a sudden the Knicks got them out there in deep water and they've had 'em out there for an extended period of time.


See, everybody can swim to the shore. If you jump out the middle, a if you jump out the boat in the middle of the a lake, you can swim to shore because you're not tired. But let me see, after the fifth time, after the sixth time, I drive you back to the middle, can you make it back to shore? So that's how the Knicks, the Knicks thing. You know what? Let's get 'em in the fourth quarter again and clutch situation. The last five minutes of the ball game, it's a nip and tuck ball game. It's a basket of two. One way or another. Let's see if they still, still feel like those shots gonna go in because boy, they would, Hey, there was some wide open threes mm in the first two games and the last five minutes of the game looked like me shooting and me and Spice admirals out there, me and spices out.


Hey, JB and JT look like being Spice Adams Rain drops. Hey, that's a good one. That's a Good go. The ball all over the top of the backboard. Shout out to Paul Pierce making good on his bet. He walked from Encino to Century City today in a robe. Did he really? No, I ain't buying that. No, no. Now I'm, I'm Sure I'm, he probably drove ha he probably drove all but the island. Then they get, they, he dropped him off and heard they catch walking through. Hey Paul, listen, I I love Paul. That's my dog. But You know how far Encino is? Hell Yeah, I know how far it is. Hey, listen, hey, if anything for content purposes, ED started off walking, drive a little bit, show another, show, another spot where I'm at.


Drive a little bit, show another spot where I'm at. Take Paul Pierce two days to walk from the seat though. The Citrus City Man. You know how far that is? Yes, I know. How far his seat though is from Citrus City. Hell yeah. Walk Cam, we gonna get Koran, we gonna get you out here on this one. What was your reaction when you found out the Mavericks had traded Luca Donit to the Lakers for Anthony Davis? Oh, man, I was, I didn't think it was real. I was actually, we was on a flight and we just got our wifi back on the plane and I saw it and I said, oh shit. Like Sham said, I was like, oh, they tripping.


You know, he got hacked or something in that shit. The dude broke that. It was, it was official. I actually reached out to a couple folks in the Maverick organization just to confirm it still ain't heard back from 'em. So yeah, man, it was real. It's crazy. Wow. It's Anything Koran, man. Thanks for stopping by bro. We really appreciate it. We know you're busy tonight. Thank you for giving us some, some of your time, man. Stop back. Stop back by any anytime you like, bro. Congratulations. Good luck. A you next in line to get one of 'em head coaching jobs, bro. Thank You brother. I appreciate It. Hey babe, bring me, bring me with you now because You know, I know the Game don't do slew dog. Yeah, The longer you stay away from old, the long you stay the coach at did the nba.


I'm about to go check That shit too. See if you average 50. Hey, hey you two me? Are you, you in Miami? Yeah, I'm In Miami. Hey, let's get a one-on-one tomorrow. Tear your ass up. Hey, I give wait, okay, but put some money on it. What you wanna do that shit? You know I got it. What area you in? I come to you. What park near you? I bought hair Southwest ranches. Man, I break around the corner in Davy boy. What you trying to do? I'm Trying to do whatever. Nothing. He ain't trying to do nothing but Kar. Yeah, I got you. See I got my ball right here too. Now that's what I do my ball from High school show. Who gave you that ball? Show up? Who gave you That ball? Oh. Oh, that a oh, oh. Hey, I got, LeBron gave me this. Can he give you that 50 K ball?


Yeah. It's, I swear to God A it's the 50 K ball. This is it. Koran. This, this the real ball. This the real ball. I promise you I wouldn't, I wouldn't lie to you. Hey Sha, you gotta get here, man. He, he. That's crazy. Come on man. Thanks man. Get on outta here man. Thank you man. I appreciate you man. All you welcome. Stop back by anytime. Yo, The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


This message comes from Green Light. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automated allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hank. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for our brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind The Business, Small Business Success Stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, it Is Ryan, and we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Ary GW Void. Prohibited by law 20 apply.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.