
If you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple. Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple card.com.


What's s good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It just like a dream. For more. Check out Bose Odoo com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Thursday it's a Sean Peyton Homecoming as his Denver Broncos take on his former team, the New Orleans Saints Join, Al, Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett, and Kaylee Hartung for a game you don't wanna miss Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight live from New Orleans Not a Prime member Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and You can cancel at any time. It's the Broncos and Saints 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast and Hyundai's ev lineup was There. For every moment in Vegas, Hyundai took VIPs to the Speedway to test drive the 601 horsepower Ionic five n. On Friday, the EV sessions winner was announced. Hyundai's music contest on TikTok the Twist. Their performances were all powered by the all electric Hyundai. Ionic five. How cool is That? And after the show, fans got to check out the Hyundai dance floor at House of Music. Thanks again to Hyundai's amazing ev lineup. Learn more at Hyundai USA dot com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3.


Odoo is business management made so simple a kid You, explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because They save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Good JLab. Thanks The. Volume.


TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more At Draftking Sports book and of official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We. Don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns? And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to Odoo your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Anybody FF Ask Alabama can You anybody? Snap the ball. You see What happened with That Center. He kept rolling it back. What. We got Alright. Ocho your favorite. Oh hell no. It's on Spello. Over Hey. Lemme see if I can find my hat, man, because last time I ain't got my hat and That was the problem. My hat right here. It gotta be in here somewhere. Let's go.


Damn man, I lost my hat man. Hey like, for real. Come on, you find the hat. Ocho hat the Hat, man. I dunno where my hat went man. I think man, probably done moved my hat, man. And what's the date? What's the date? Unc? I mean What. What day is it? Today is the 18th.


Sunday. Hell can sh Alright, Ocho, you ready? Ocho. We gonna start y'all here. Okay, have We had this Spello graphic Right here? Chat. Okay. Okay, Ocho. We gonna start y'all with a easy one. Perfunctory per perfunctory.


Perfunctory perfu. Fun. Fun. Perfunctory. Yes. Perfunctory. Perfunctory. Can You, can you use it in a sentence please? Yes. Let me see. I'm gonna give you the origins also. Okay? Okay. That means he gave a very, gave a very perfunctory nod. Okay. Perfunctory. Okay. A nod of confidence perfunctory.


Okay, you ready? Perfunctory proc can. PER funk. F-U-N-C-T-E-R-Y for funy. What. You, you said TERY? No, TER. That's What. I saying FEN Ct. ORY. Oh, So I was so Close On the word.


I don't You Said ERI didn't even heard of That before. I never heard of used before in the sentence either. You were That was my first time. I wasn't too far. can let's Go boy. And I used It for you. I used It for you the sentence too. You were close. Hold on, I got this. Wow. What. Hell man. What's wrong with those? No you can't. We. Gotta get some more words.


Nah, I'ma, I'ma get 'em man. This me, I gotta give you a chance to get these. I went to Harvard investors. Nah, all You can doing is yelling. Okay. Seco Seco. S font. Seco font. Seco font. Seco font seco. Oh, psycho cycle. Ash says it's Okay. Okay. Okay. Cycle Fan.


Okay, I'm ready. Psycho Cyan or Fontan. Okay. P psycho fan. S-Y-C-O-F-A-N-T-S-Y-C-O-P-H-A-N-T What Happened. I got it right. God damn man. No, you running close. I Selling this shit out. It's SY I'm gonna give this easy one right here, Ocho.


Hold on, Hold on. Before you give it, let me, let me, let me, let me process something real quick. Okay. You know What, hell on. No, I'm ready. It don't, it don't matter It don't matter how difficult it is. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm, I'm ready. I'm ready. I gotta I gotta sound it out and I gotta Odoo like my grandma used to tell me. Boom. I gotta make sure I ask you use It in a sentence. And when you use it in a sentence, I have to process everything based on the definition and the meaning of the word. And then Spello it. What. I'm ready. I promise you Hey Chad. I got, I got this right here. I promise you Chad, on, on Jesus sandals. I'm not getting this wrong on everything. I believe in everything I stand for.


This is for y'all. You on the phone? Who you calling? Can I'm calling somebody? That You help you Spello the words. Hold on. Hold Word so hard. I You. I can't even pronounce it. That's Why I'm spelling this shit wrong because it's hot. Then the motherfucker in here. God damn. I got this right here though. I promise you. I promise you, Chad. I promise you Chad. I promise you. I'm telling you.


I'm telling you. I I worked too hard. I worked too hard for this shit, man. Nah, Anybody wanna help Ocho, Hey. I got, I got it. Unc, I'm telling, I promise you. What. Oh, Kiara ro Kiara. I, Kiara ro I used, I used, I say I used to say Kiara Raro in high School. I Can, can, you know We right now. We playing. Who wants to Mid Bill? Millionaire? You need to phone a friend. Hold On. Kiara That, that's somebody's name. That ain't the word. What's the word you want me to Spello?


That's the word. Kiara ro Hey. Why? Gimme an Italian word and I'm black. They got black Italian. You eat spaghetti, right? That count. Hold on. Kiara. Kiara, okay. Okay, boy. Hot Hey boy. I'm not boy. It's hot boy. Shit. Well, I'm sweating like a pig in a slaughterhouse, man.


Kiara Can be you. Damn. I mean, listen. The only, only thing, only Italian I know how to Spello is Elli. Mario. Mario Belli Can, but this ain't it. Well, you about, you got his number, you better call him. Maybe help You. Alright, Kiara, maybe You can help you. Spello. That word can The Italian language. Okay, They. Spello a little different than the English language. So Kiara, I know it starts with a K because the Italian language key. Key, right? I, because the Italian don't use to eat That much can everything's with, everything's with a goddamn I for some reason.


So no They don't KIA can Can RA Chiara. C-H-I-A-R-O-S-C-U-R. Man. See I was, you come on on, you got me at a disadvantage. Now listen, I went to Oregon State, went to Harvard and Yale for two semesters. Nothing in That curriculum can was a nothing, nothing.


I We didn't Odoo anything. Italian would help you. Spello That word. So you gimme an Italian word to Spello. He on Nightcap in front of the world. And, and, and like, come on. That's, that's, that's unfair. That's un That. Like you, you can't handicap me like That. I promise you I got the next one, but nothing Italian. Gimme something from the English language. Okay? Gimme something from the English language, like That, That Italian said, okay, give gimme give, give him a word. Ash. Nah, you should have gave me like volatility or something.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're re in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you feel good enough to go out There and play. you turn on that switch. no one can stop you for more, check out Bose dot com.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to Chumba Casino dot com. Chumba Casino dot com Got it? Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woo-hoo Cmba. Chumba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the cumba life. Visit Chumba Casino dot com btw group purchase necessary prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 Plus


Hey. It's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 Hour comfort in a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Garni studded spike bag. Spike Valentino is That girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And can you hear That magnetic click. Discover the 12 shades and vibrant news and pops of color from Couture Industries to spike a pose to its Valentino baby Beyond Heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel and cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated and delivers high pigment color After one stroke, We are at bold or soft and blurred. For a more subtle look, tell us how you wear Spike Valentino


Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app That teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, You can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart. That's greenlight.com/iheart.


This is an ad from BetterHelp. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for What to Odoo. When you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help. And BetterHelp is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time That works for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com to learn more. That's better. HEP Odoo com.


How about this here Man, stop playing refrigerator boy. Man stop playing refrigerator. REF Hold on refrigerator. R-E-F-R-I-D-G-E-R-A-T-O-R. Refrigerator. That's What. I That's What. I always sneak in. Yes, it's No R ei GI Said OR There's no in refrigerator I it right What? No, no.


Had a, you had a D in front of the G. Ain't in Fridge. It ain't in There. Ain't No D There. You sure? What Hey. Hold on. Hey Spello Bridge. Can you shoulda just said refrigerator Spello Bridge. How Odoo you Spello Bridge? Huh? Okay. Spello fridge. B-R-I-D-G-E. Nah, see you Supposed see you put the in front You can to say refrigerated. Y'all butchering the English language. I know What, I'm doing Bridge and Fridge is spelled the same way. Once you add the R and the E, the D is There. So that's, see that's What I'm talking about about the English language. They don't know What the fuck They doing.


They didn't know They were doing They shit. Huh? You said you wanted the word from the English language Can, but I got It, right? You told me I got It word. You said you wanted the word It's gonna No you, It's You had a D in the Refrigerator. What It. Depends What book you look at, you look in the New Testament of the Old Testament can What refrigerator ain't in neither one of them. They ain't have no refrigerator. They ain't have no refrigerator. Neither one of them About the Old T for refrigerator in The dictionary in the Old Testament.


In the old, no, listen, I'm telling you man, my grandma, my, my my my grandma book man in her dictionary and her Old Testament refrigerator was spelled with a D in the New Testament with the new kids. The D is out. There can, it's called You mean New Edition? can you mean the New Edition? It's not called the Old Testament and the New Testament The first edition. Nah. Okay. Refrigerator. You say refrigerator. Okay. Ocho didn't Odoo too well. Y'all my, y'all have to understand Ocho hasn't had his hat, Ocho hadn't had his hat in a while. So hopefully he brings his hat on on the live tour.


So We get so We get We. Give some of these words right now. It's time for Ocho favorite segment. Spello. Lemme, lemme get my hat. Let me get my hat. Hold on. I, I don't know. What A lady put got good look hat Chad ain't no telling. I don't, I, oh Lord. I don't know. What a clean lady. Put my hat on. Alright, well Ocho, let's give it a, let's give It a swirl. Ocho. I don't know what's gonna happen. I mean you like, you like Samson without his hair. Oh, That. That's just What I feel like right now, man.


Damn. Okay, come on. Let's We gonna We going. We gonna give it We gonna give It a try. Try the first Word is ostentatious. Ostentatious. Austin. Austin. Austin. Austin. All it It is probably gonna be wrong, but I'm gonna give It a go. Okay, can you ready? A-U-S-T-I-N-T-A-C-I-O-U-S ostentatious. O-S-T-E-N-T-A-I-O-S-O. Man, ostentatious.


My bad. My bad, my bad, my bad. See, I ain't got my hat man. I ain't got my hat. And I Spello the like Austin, Texas like a damn idiot. Shoot. Sure. Number two. I think this is Accu. Hold on. You don't even know how to, you don't even know how to pronounce It. And I gotta Spello it. Words. That. That. You sent in That you wanted to Spello Accu a US. Yes. Accu. Can you use it in a sentence? You Know What Ocho, I didn't really want to Odoo this, but I Accu can What.


It's when you give in. Yes. Oh, when you give in Accu. Alright. I I'm, I'm, I'm I'm gonna take a swing at it. I, I I, I might, I might strike out like Aaron Ju, but act Acu a USA. Q-U-E-S-A USA. C-Q-U-I-E. Oh Man, come on man. How was I supposed to know? That? Okay. I, I've never used That word in a sense. Ever. You know What, Ocho, this is an easy word for you.


What. Odoo, you mean? All of them are easy but you gotta gimme something I've actually used before. I've never used in a sentence. Obfuscate, obfuscate, Ocho. You can obfuscating. I think it means to put off y'all like words. I'm giving y'all like me words. I'm giving Ocho tonight. Hey We playing spelling bee on all Mad man.


What the hell We got going On in your, Oh, okay. It's to render obscure, unclear, unintelligible. You You giving stuff. If 75 bc Where first this Hey Well you got, you got stomach hurting man.


Well you gotta be crying. You gotta be crying over here. Hell no. Hey. What's thes? You got this with each El Joe? It's easy. I never heard That shit before. Obfuscate. Okay. Okay. I'm, I'm finna give It a try.


Try obfuscate. Let me sound it out. Lemme sound it out. Right. Lemme use one finger and sound it out. Obfuscate? Yes. Okay, you ready? A VE skate. S-K-A-T-E Or maybe S-S-A-T-O-B. FUSE. Oh My god. A God. Obfuscate. Hey. Well you got me over. You got me over here in tears? Hell nah. Hell No. I think I can't even pronou you. Odoo easiest.


You You been saying all of these can never Heard shit. Ab Hell No. Hey my stuff. You got me a tear though. Wheel man. Ab gone. Ab gone.


Ab gone. Oh shoot. Hell no. Yes. Abs gonen. I'm finna take a, I'm finna take a swing at it. Ab I know AB is ab. BS so ab Okay. Boom. Ab Scon. I mean It better be SCON Abs gone. Ab SOND. Abscond. Okay Ocho. The last word a boo a it's showing liveliness.


Enthusiasm Show is very a bully. A bully. Oh shit, You got my head hurting. Oh shit. Boo Can no boy. This is fucking classic boo. Oh shit, boy. You got my stomach hurting.


Okay. Oh boy. That's s good. Can a boo? I'm take a, I'm take a swing at it. Bulant. A-B-U-L-I-N-T Bulant A-B-U-L-L-I-E-N-T-A Boo. Well That hat. That hat got Miracle Power Hey. It don't matter. What hat I wore tonight. I Spello.


Oh man. Hell. Alright. Don't Hey, you got my head hurt man. Hell nah. Hey boy. Oh well my, well my afield my abs and my abs hurt man. You got my head hurt boy. That was, listen, That was classic That, That was classic Hey. I know. I finna get something from the 1912. Olympic Was popping.


Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're re in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you feel good enough to go out there and play. you turn on that switch. no one can stop you. for more, check out Bose dot com.


Hello, It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know, What They. Were doing They. Were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of casino style games. That You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 Plus Terms and conditions apply


Hey. It's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 Hour Comfort in a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Garni studded spike bag. Spike Valentino is That girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And can you hear That magnetic click. Discover the 12 shades and Vibrant news and pops of color from Couture Industries to spike a pose to its Valentino baby beyond its heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel and cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated and delivers high pigment color. After one stroke, wear it bold or soft and blurred For a more subtle look, tell us how you wear Spike Valentino


Neat new glasses or want a fresh new style. Warby Parker has you covered glasses. Start at just 95 bucks, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses. That Block 100% of UV rays every frames designed in-House with a huge selection of styles for every Facet shape. And with Warby Parker's free home try-on program. You can order five pairs to try at home for free. Shipping is free Bose ways too. Go to Warby Parker dot com slash cupboard to try five pairs of frames at home for free. Warby Parker dot com slash covered.


Hey Guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade This podcast. We got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, We, Odoo 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode and I'm supposed to really care whether or not Camera Rising plays well. Here's a big difference. All right, and what's the spread? Utah is a six point favorite. Okay, so they're so teams are four and one. They're going to Tempe. It's Friday night, Billy Friday night. Weird things happen. Tempe, Scottsdale, most beautiful people on, on the planet. At least on the women. I don't, I haven't looked seen the guys. I don't think there's gonna be a lot of people at this game. 'cause they're gonna be like We are in, we're in like the most beautiful people place.


Why am I watching to see if Camera Rising plays can or not? can They have Cam rising exhaustion too? can They? They're they're tired of It. They want other things to rise? So, oh, There. It is There. So I think that's gonna play into Utah's hand. Okay. We're gonna rise into Utah's and Arizona State is not going to have people There. So I'm going to go Utah Coverage six. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade This on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts. So it is time for our segment. It's time for our segment.


Y'all know What, it's, it's called Spello. Can, can I ain't Got My Hat with me man. What can. I ain't got you ain't got Fake it Half. I Can, I ain't, I ain't got my hat with me man. Okay, Chad, y'all stay with Me. Okay. Stay with It Chad. Stay stay with It. Chad, stay with it. First word, easy. These are easy words. can you, you say can easy words can, you Can Say That We will give easy words. can, can, can, necessary. It is necessary when you go on the road to bring your equipment. So We can film Nightcap accordingly. Necessary.


Well Before We start, like I don't have my equipment and we're filming together because Ra Ain't Ra. No, I'm telling you. I'm I'm, I'm gonna tell You can she is she's my assistant. You know, I told her I I'm for real. You have a team of people. I wanted to hire a team of people. Chad, y'all stay with me now. I wanted to hire a team of people so I can function the way Shannon functions. Where he has, he doesn't have to Odoo anything. He You. Just focus on What needs to Odoo and everybody else takes care of everything else. You want There On Dad, you don't get That privilege can. But if she want to be a part of Nightcap and What, I got going on. Then you inserting yourself in my business. So therefore I gave, I gave her a title. I'm paying Her. How you paying her I 20? She should have left all That can.


So necessary. I'm ready. You ready? Yes. Necessary. Necessary. Any, see? C-E-S-S-A-R-Y. can I got enough room to dance too? can Okay. In the good Huh? Chat is for y'all. Chat. Huh? I like to thank Nevermind. The hotel That we're staying at Right. Has great accommodations. Accommodations. Ooh, Accommodations. And I think We did this word already and I, and I missed It last time if I'm not mistaken.


Right? can. So I ain't gonna miss It twice. This one thing about it. I'm not gonna miss it twice 'cause it's a double CO double M. Oh shit. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Stay with me Chad. Now accommodations a combo. Accommodations. Oh, a double. C-O-D-A-T-I-O-N-S. No.


Nine. A Double C. I said ODA Double MI said double M in the first. O-D-A-T-I-O-N Is That not What? I said No It's not. No We What for What. This was easy one. This is the easiest word. Oh, wait a minute. I sounded it out. All Can can. Okay. The way you sounded it out. The way you spelled it out, right? Okay, let me, let me lock in. Let me lock in. Let me focus, let focus, Discipline. Discipline. This is something I've always had discipline, especially when it comes to spending money.


I've always had discipline. That's why I still got all my goddamn money. Discipline. D-I-C-D-I-S ci I-P-L-I-N-E. Discipline. Correct? It's something I've always had something. That will discipline. Continue to have discipline. Rin. That's a very good Discipline. Word. Number four, ambivalent. Who? Ambivalent. Ambient. Ambivalent. Shit. Ambivalent.


Yes. Can you use it in a sentence please? I'm ambivalent. You Might wanna gimme another word because I dunno. What. No, I've been, I'm ambivalent when it comes to accommodations. Ambivalent am biv. So I'm sounding It out.


Go ahead. Based on how it's sounding out. Chad, y'all stay with me now. Ambivalent. I'm assuming A am. B-I-V-I-E-L-E-N-T Close. Ah. A-B-A-M-B-I-B-A-L-E-N-T. Oh, It's the A. Yes, the a and the E That threw me off. I'm I'm, I'm, this Is an easy one here for you. You've been saying no, no, This is easy one here. You said everything easy. Mischievous Chad Ochocinco Johnson was mischievous as a child.


Is mischievous or mischievous Either way is correct. Mischievous, since he said I was mischievous as a child, I should know how to Spello this. And I'm gonna say this with, with such great confidence as if this is the state of the union address. Mischievous. M-I-S-C-A-E-V-I-O-U-S. Close. God. Come On man. MISI Went to school.


H-I-E-V-O-U-S. Like I went to school. People going to think I don't know how to Spello. How about this one? The last word is a little bit more difficult. I got, I got y'all, Chad, I got this right here. I promise you, if, if I promise you, if I don't get this word right, I won't sleep with re sleep ever again until August. I promise you she won't get nothing until August. The word is endophyte. What. Endophyte is bacteria or fungus. That live within a plant. Endo end. Endo, endo. Endophyte.


Fight Of fight. End of fight. Oh shit, boy, boy. Damn. You know, 87% of relationship is relying on sex. Huh? Okay. So I gotta I gotta get, I gotta get this right. I gotta, I gotta get this right because I don't want to be in this situation. I I hope you store It up. can, Can it It, It It. I I hope you, I hope you've been at it for the last three months. Can I, it it is okay in end. Odoo fight. Endo Fight. This is tough because you know where We are now 'cause of technology.


I You, I You lose my woman to the rose toy. can, can. So this is important. But You can watch. No, I can't. I can't. Odoo That. Odoo. I can't. Odoo That. Endo Fight. Endo fight. All right baby. Here We. Go Endo fight. I-N-D-O-F-I-T-E-E-N Odoo O-P-H-Y-T-E. Where the P come from? Endophyte. Where the P come from?


Fuck What. Like phosphorus. PH Nah, the P is for pussy. 'cause I ain't getting nothing. I ain't getting nothing now. Well, you, you, the one That You can, the one That made That big with yourself. Damn. I'm sorry Chad. I'm, I mean, listen, I let y'all down man. And listen, even Martin Luther King had a dream. So did I and I, IIII failed and, and I got you. Now I got you. What. What's today? When We back? Thursday. Wednesday. I got y'all Wednesday, man. I, I, I apologize man. My bad, my bad.


The Volume on CBS Sunday, you find people right? We're all looking for something. I Odoo. Hi, I'm a reward Facts, justice Truth and Coulter Shaw, I'm gonna Odoo everything I can. Won't stop until he finds it. Making Sure you haven't done anything stupid. I don't wanna talk about it. That sounded suss Justin Hartley Stars. I'm here to help you in the CBS original tracker. A new season starts CBS Sunday kicking off CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus


Hear That pumpkin. That's fall calling. And the pumpkin spice latte is back at Starbucks. From That first sweater to late autumn weather, it's all of fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous with a trip to Lucky Land. You know, What They say your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary BGW Group. Avoid were prohibited by law. 18 Plus terms and conditions apply.


Broker brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings You can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone


At your JLab Odoo. You ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with a different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's. Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click grainger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.