
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there. Force firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one miss enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


The volume. Joe FCO had a long answer when asked about mentoring Shado and Dylan and Gabriel. It's a good question to bait somebody into answering. And no matter how they answer it, it kinda looks like the guy's answer to look bad. If I say I don't want be a mentor, I look bad if I say I don't want to. If I don't, if I say I do want to mentor, then I, I look like an idiot that doesn't care about being good at playing football. So one of those questions that no matter what I say, you guys can write what you want to write about it. And there's a lot of questions like that. That's why I end up having to try to avoid them.


I tend to try to like be honest and I've said I'm not a mentor. I play football. I have a lot of experience that I can talk on things and hopefully they listen, but it's not necessarily my job to make sure they listen to me. Hopefully you have a really good relationship with the guys that they're in the room and you naturally want to do that. O Joe, what do you make of what Joe Blacko is saying? And that man is not there to be no goddamn mentor. Man, these dudes behind me trying to take food off my plate. They trying to take money out my pocket. They here to take my goddamn job. What are we talking about? I'm, I don't know why we even asked that question. No, I'm not mentoring shit. I'm trying to keep my job as long as I can. What are we talk, what are we talking about?


I hate, I mean, let's, let's be real. Let's be real. Oh, selfish Foto. Yeah. No, I ain't about being selfish. Better the NFL man. We here to, we here to make money and you sitting behind me and me trying to mentor you. Why the hell I'm gonna allow you to take food off my plate? That's what you here for. You here to take my job. That's what it is. This is the business I here to mentor you. You get your own shit together. We ain't in college no more. Ah, you talk About it's absolutely right if you say I don't wanna mentor. I mean, I mean, so look, that's gotta be natural. It's just like you going on a job Ocho and some guy takes you under their wing and says a young fellow, Hey, let me help you to the game.


Let me tell you how I was able to stay here 25 years. Let tell you how I was able to stay here 30 years. That's a choice that he or she makes that says, You know what? I see something in this. I see something in this young man, this young woman that I wanna partake in them and hopefully it's beneficial. But you are absolutely right. They're under no obligation. I was the opposite. Young guys come in, I I'm, I'm gonna try to a make sure you study. I would quiz him. Okay, this right here, what do You know? Ask as a la ask me a question. Why did I do, why did I run the route like this? Why did I do it like that? X, Y, and Z. Oh, okay, I'm I'm asking you. Okay. Did you not see that safety down, the safety down told you the guy was coming.


So why else would he be down if he's in coverage? Why would he be down here like this? Unless somebody's covering and he gotta cover you because he knows you gonna be the hard receiver. Right? So it's little things like that. But I agree with you 1000% O Joe. It's not, it's not, it's not someone job to mentor you because You know, you get that on a lot of jobs. They bring, bring somebody else in. Hey, You know, teach him the rope and You know, teach 'em how to do this. Yeah. What this is the NFL the people sitting behind you that they'll tell you to teach are there to take your job. I mean, you, you come on man. This is A business Absolutely are. You make millions of dollars and you understand every time someone in drafted, every time somebody in the board in that room, it's to take your damn job. Yep.


Joe Flacco is what, how Joe Holy Joe. Now Joe gotta be damn near 40 because he, he's 16 seasons in the league. He had to come in. I don't think he came out early. Okay, well, So he had put it like he at least 38, 39. I don't know if he's 40, but he's 38, 39 at least. Yeah. How, how old he is, Joe's trying to keep his job as long as he can. Yeah, because You know what it's like, you remember they came and got him off his couch. Yeah. He ain't tried to go back there anytime soon. And I wish you, what you have to understand is the faster he mentors whoever he needs to be, whether it's Dylan, Gabriel, whether it's, whether it's Shado is woman who's the other. He turned 40 Ocho, he turned 40 in January. Hey, The fast he mentors him, the better the better they're prepared to go and play with Jeff.


Joe Flaco going home, Joe, Joe going home, he going back to the couch. I'm sure that's not what he wants. He wants to be in there as long as he can. And for, for me, anything, I think Joe Flaco needs to start the season regardless of if there's a quarterback competition or not. Joe needs to play as long as he can until the number two or number 12. I'm gonna say it like that until number 12 is ready to go. That's it. I agree. It's hard for me to see a scenario in which Dylan, Gabriel or Shado beats flaco out and they're like, okay, yeah, this is the direction that we're going in to start the season. No, I'm not sure he has a very long leash.


I'm not saying they gonna let him go eight, nine games and they only won one. Pickett might have something to sell about that. Man. I, I, like I said, I I I don't, I look, they got a lot of, first of all, you got a lot of quarterbacks in that room. You bring Flaco back. Yeah. Who's a 16, 17 year vet. You bring Kenny Pickett in from the Eagles, who's four or five year vet and you draft two quarterbacks. You're not keeping four quarterbacks on your roster unless somebody goes to the practice squad.


Well, hell, you might have two guys go to the practice squad because most times teams don't have three quarterbacks dressed normally going into the game with two quarterbacks and you have an emergency quarterback that's normally a receiver. And when you get that situation, you just handed the damn ball off. So I don't know, me personally, Elcho, I don't know what the, I don't know what the, the, the, the Browns were thinking in that situation. You know what I'm saying? I know what they were thinking. Tell me what you're thinking, what you were thinking. I thinking we need a security blanket. Our security blanket and Joe Flacco, we, the joke could, dude, when Deshaun went down and Joe had to step in, we saw him have a six seven game stretch where he played phenomenal.


Now obviously he wasn't able to do it consistently because we saw what happened when he took a nose dive statistically and they started losing. But, hey, let's bring Joe in because he knows the offense, he knows the receivers. Bingo. We're gonna see what we can do with Joe until we get these young bulls ready. That's, that's as simple as of getting, why Bring Kenny Pickett back then? Well, I, I don't know, You know, Kenny Pickett and who's Kenny Pickett gonna beat out? And I mean, no disrespect, we've already, we we've seen the small sample size of what Kenny Pickett doing when he was with the Steelers. What are we talking about? He's not, he's no threat. He's no threat to anybody over there. I mean, let's be realistic. Well, And I I don't mean that in addition you Say I disagree.


If, if, if, if he was who he was, he would still be restarted. Excuse me. He is very, very early in Kenny's career. Great dude. I love him. I love him to death. But if you are who you thought you were, who we thought you were, you would still be in Pittsburgh. True. That's All. And I mean, no disrespect. I'm I'm saying in, in the, in the best way I can. But I, and that's my thing, Ocho that's what I don't get. I don't know why you bring, You know, you bring two veterans in, you bring, you draft two rookies. Obviously. I don't believe La Deshaun is gonna be able to play. I mean, he seems to think that he might be able to play or I, I don't know.


I don't see that. But hey, maybe he went to a great orthopedic that would repaired it. I don't know if he went to Ella. I don't know. He went to the guy to New York. James Andrews, I, I don't know. I don't know Watkins. I, I don't know who he went to, but it's just hard for me to see Deshaun playing this year when he tore that Achilles and he retort. Yeah. That goes without saying Now Joe Flacco, we know what Joe Flacco is. It's been a long time since Joe started the season 14.


It's been a backup. Guys don't perform well. He comes in, the question is, with what they have offensively, do you believe Joe can take them to the playoffs? Because right now they start the season, they're behind, they're behind CI me, I would have them behind Cincinnati. I would have them behind Baltimore. Not sure I would have them in front of the, not sure I would have them in front of the Steeler. Now we don't know who the Steelers In front they Yeah, exactly. We don't know who the Steeles, I mean, who the Steeles quarterback is. That is why I put the Browns in front of them based on Fla o's resume in general.


And then what we, what we know we can do. He can, he can bypass and steal some games based on experience alone. I agree. Like Judy over there and Ju and Kus over there. I'm not sure who's at the running back position. I'm not sure, or I'm not sure who the other receiver on the other side may be. But I think, I think Joe's gonna be fine. He's gonna be fine. Un until, until he is not, until they feel they have to make a change. And the fans will let You know what it's time to make a change. True, true. Man. That's a tough situation.


That's a very tough situation. And then every day they post in the quarterback stat Wednesday, OTA, the 28th. Joe Flacco had nine completions on 14 attempts. One touchdown no interceptions, 64% completion. Dylan Gabriel, he was 11 of 16. Two touchdowns, one interception, 69%. Ur was seven of nine. Three touchdowns no interceptions, 78%. And Kenny Pickett with nine of 16, no touchdowns, no picks. 56%. Yeah. I take, I take all those stats and practice with a grain of salt. Mean You an OTA, you ain't got no shoulder pads. Guys can't rush No shoulder pads.


You got shorts on Jersey. Guys Ain't trying to run through no dps to break the pass up At that. That don't mean nothing. Holler at me. Holler how, let me see how you look preseason when we playing against somebody that don't know what's coming, when it's live, when the bullets are flying, it's live action. You got pressure coming, you got eyes, you got hands in your face, you got three, you got two and a half, maybe three seconds. You got people trying to make a team, trying to make a squad, trying to make sure they don't get cut. Make it off you. Come on now. Talk, talk to me then let me know. Let me know what them numbers look like. Then when it actually count That shows how far we come out.


Yo this, this is what they do now. They chart stuff like this And, and I mean, absolutely nothing. And You know, I hate some of the, some of the, some of the, the pages on Twitter routes on air. Oh my goodness. Look at that beautiful deep ball. What nigga? Oh my bad. I'm sorry. Ain't no pressure. Of course. Beautiful. Yeah, of course it's a perfect pass. Like Yeah, but that's where we are. Ojo everything, everything gets charted and everything. I mean they used, look, the teams always charted these stuff. They always kept a, You know, how many routes you ran, how many times you won, blah, blah, blah.


Defense, did they win? How many, how many routes did he cover? And how many paths did he break up? Pick, blah, blah, blah. By times you be, the teams have always kept stuff like this. That's how they evaluated. Yeah. Yeah. But we don't normally have publications. Twitter. What? Whoever, You know, whether it's a, a YouTube or whomever that charts stuff like this and, and keep a tally of it Means nothing. I mean, you're supposed to get open on air. You're supposed to catch it on air. You're supposed to complete it on there. It's supposed to look perfect. Yeah. It's not supposed to look chaotic.


So look knows what he's up against. He knows he is not a first three round pick. So there is no assurances that he's gonna be on the team. He understands that. I'm sure his dad has told him that. I'm sure his agent has told him. I don't know if he, I don't know if it's his dad. I, I don't know if his agent, who his agent is, but I'm saying I'm sure they told him, made him aware. There are no guarantees. The Browns probably have made, well, the mere fact where you was drafted lets, You know, there are no guarantees. Come on now. But if Shado is what he believes he is, I don't see the problem.


So Joe Flacco, Dylan Gaber, Shado, Kenny Pickett all fighting for I believe two spots. Two spots, and the other guy's going probably beat practice squad. Practice squad. I mean, you gotta fight. I mean, like you said, OOO t's gonna tell me ish I'm need to see some preseasons Now I don't think that probably Joe f Flaco probably is gonna play in the preseason. So that means Dylan Gabriel Shado and Penny Kenny Pickett is gonna get all the snaps in, in, in, in preseason all.


Yep. All of it. I I mean listen, F Flaco might get a series if that Yeah, if that. I get. I agree. I agree. I agree. But these other guys, oh, y'all play it and play it lots, a lot, a lot


When it's PCS time, You know, the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University. We support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Despite an not even start to his career. Jet quarterback Justin Fields believe he's on the cusp of a breakout season. He thinks it's the right team, the right time in the right scheme. I think I can be great. That's been the goal of my whole life, my whole career. I think the sky's the limit for this team, for this offense. But we have a long way to go. Our offense and defense are new. So guys are really tuned in, locked in, trying to get everything down. But I think once we do, I think the sky's the limit. I mean, we have all the guys we need, we have all the talent. So it's really just, just going to come down to discipline and execution and listen, everybody has all the talent. It always is always come down to discipline and execution, but also comes down to the coaches. You know, It's, it's nothing but a chess match.


I always say this all the time when it comes to playing the game of football, understanding your strengths and understanding your players' weaknesses. Putting your players in the right places to make the plays. Understanding who they're playing against, understanding what their weaknesses are, and putting 'em in the best position to make plays against said individual players that also get paid millions of dollars. That's what it all comes down to. Having an officer coordinator or a defensive coordinator that doesn't have a, an ego. An ego where, this is my system and I want you to run my system my way despite whether you can do what I like called well or not. That's what it all, there's so many different variables that come into it.


Justin Fields is supposed to feel that way. He's, he's supposed to feel like this is the great sy great system. A great scheme, great, whatever it is. But everybody looks good in shorts and shirts. We all do now. It's a different game when we talk, we talk about the jets. We know what happened when the goddamn lights come on Sunday at one o'clock. There's always been a different story. Now for, for Justin, for his sake, this is the make or break break year for him. You know, you have, you have a stellar, you have a phenomenal season this year. You get you a nice big payday boy, which you, what you are deserving of. You know, now you getting a fair shot, you get another fair shot. You know, obviously cargo didn't go so well. Now you have a first star most of the time.


Sometimes quarterbacks aren't given a second chance. Like you a four. Now you gotta make the most of it. Get that ball to number five. I tell you that You definitely Five, you gonna be all right. He definitely, I I I agree with you Ocho I think this is a, a year that he's gonna have to, You know, Chicago. He is like, look man, what he had offensive coordinator didn't do much. They didn't put him in, in the right situation. That didn't protect him well enough. X, Y and Z goes to Pittsburgh. I thought he played well. I was surprised when Mike Tomlin made the move and, and inserted Russ after Russ had missed it. The games with the calf injury.


But hey, it is what he built. Thought he had some nice talent around him. Pickens, he had some guys that could make plays around in Fry move. They ran the ball okay with Ni g Harrison. Jalen Warren. But now new coach, what seems to be a competent offensive coordinator. Decent offensive line and weapons around him. They've tried to remove the hedge, which is the excuse that you would have if things don't go well. Yeah. So I'm room for the young man. 13 Mocho in three years.


Situation matters. Now you can't go to five 10 situation and say, well that situation wasn't right for me. That situation wasn't right for me. That situation wasn't right for me. Ocho, at some point in time, you gotta accept a responsibility And you gotta look in that mirror, huh? Yeah. Michael Jackson said, you gotta start with the man in the mirror. Yeah. Listen, I do believe AG hired hired a great group of guys. Offensive coordinator, quarterback coach, surrounding him with the talent. Now it's his time for him to let his God give ability to go out there and take over. Don't overthink it. Prepare. Be prepped. Be ready to go. Know what you're supposed to go. Know where you're supposed to go with the ball. Go with it. Yeah. Don't be afraid to use your leg. You know, sometimes people are like, well, I'm, I'm gonna show I can throw the ball.


Okay. What makes what makes these guys dangerous is their legs. Nobody's not fearing their arm. No, I don't want you to run. I don't, I don't want you to escape because I know, I know what type of speed you got. I know you can hit your head on the goalpost. So he's played well. Last, last 12 stars. He has an eight and four record OCHO 17 passing in. Rushing touchdowns, only seven interceptions. Like I said, we talked about it last year. I was surprised that they made the change. 'cause I thought he played well. Could have won the game in, in Indy. They lost that game. Fields will make us the debut with the jet September 7th against the Steelers team.


They traded for him last year, then benched him in favor. Russell Wilson, after pouring two start fields, offer no insight into the matchup. Oh, that's who we play week one. Really? Hmm. It really wasn't a thought. Any extra motivation? No. Nah. Play ball. Just play ball. No, no motivation needed. Hey, no motivation should already be there regardless. I don't care what happened in the past. I don't care what happened in the past. Boy, look, you Look, they wanted him back, but he's like, nah, after the way y'all did me, had I been playing back? Had I been oh and six? Had I been two and four? Yeah, I can understand you going in a different direction, but I was two games over 500 and I don't think, maybe, I'm trying to think, what was that game That, that Russ and them came back and they won.


I would have to, I would've to look back. I, I can't remember off the top of my head, but I don't think they, the Steelers won any games that they probably wouldn't have won if Russ, if Russ wasn't in there. Yeah. But you also have to understand, Mike Tomlin gave his word to Russ. Mike Tomlin gave his word to Russ. So he had to stick by his word because I think everyone, including Russ Wilson would've been looking at Tom and funny after already voicing who was going to be the starter publicly to everybody. So whenever Russ was held, Things change. Situations change. Oto. You can't go back on that. Can't go back on that o joke, joke o joke, poke. Everybody's gonna be looking at him. Funny. That's how, look at me. Funny. I mean, look, I, I, I like look at Ocho, I like sweets, but if the doctor told me I got diabetes, I can't be eating no sweetss.


Right? He said, Shannon, you got high blood pressure. I can't be eating no pork. I gotta change things. You go six and oh, you five and one you four and two Ocho like, Hey Russ. I understand, I know what I said. But, so if that's the case, when they lost four games at the end of the season, why did they go back to, why did they go back to Justin Fields then? Because you did him like that? Hey, all the coach, all the man had is his word. Huh? Man, that, that don't work any that's not working in coaching. You know, you go with the hot man. Yeah. Whoa, whoa. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. That's because here's the, this is why I look At it. Oh. Oh, wait a minute. Wait. Whoa, wait, wait a minute. The hand stayed hot now for what? Three, four games in a row.


Now the hand, the hand, the the hand stayed hot. Justin Fields were four and two, aren't you? You didn't hear what I just said? Yeah. You, you made the change. The hand still stayed hot. Yes. Three or four games in a row. Right. And then, You know, 12 end. But You shouldn't have changed because my hand was hot. You tried to put water on me to cool my hand off. Yeah. I got cool standing on the sideline. Listen, all I know is Mike, Tom had a state and kept promised his word that he said before the season started, Russ was our starter. So whenever he was healthy, he would get back in the lineup as said, started, like I said, before the season started. That's all I, That's one thing I can honestly say I loved about Mike, but Mike Shanahan.


Mike Shanahan said, look here, you might be the starter, right? But if that guy comes in and he's playing better than you, then when you were starting, he's the starter. Hey, hey, who's the who? The, who's the quarterback that was in Denver, right? Had the big ass, the big old beard I'm talking about. The beard was huge. Sticking up out the helmet like Fitzpatrick. It wasn't Fitzpatrick, but he, he, he could sling Kyle. Lord. It Was Kyle. Lord. He could s slang. That ball man had the big old lumberjack beard. I think, I think he was throwing the, the Brandon Lloyd. Brandon Lloyd. That's who had some hands, people talk about everybody else they be mentioning got hands. People don't realize how good a hands that Joker had.


Man B Lloyd was catching all eight acrobatic catches. Boy, Go back. I mean, before the technology and the ified gloves he was doing that with, there was no tack. Yeah. Yeah. There was Sure wasn't. It sure wasn't. Go back and look, go back and look at Brandon Lloyd when he was with the, the Broncos and with the 49 ERs. 49 ERs. Yeah. He was B Lord was nice with it. Tyreek Hill spoke with local media for the first time since suggesting a trade request after Miami season, ending loss to the Jess in January, making himself unavailable in the second half. He walked, he walked his comments back this week and publicly apologized for them.


It was tough, man. Obviously emotions were high then. But at the end of the day, I'm just looking to move forward from that, hoping that I can prove myself and prove to my teammates that I'm still one of them. Ones man who's chasing 2K receiving yards. Still one of those ones chasing a playoff dreams and all that great stuff I've got to prove to myself, I got to show up different, the mindsets got to be different. He said he attended church and therapy over the past month and he says it's helped him reflect on his decision making, namely why it's been so difficult for him to stay outta the headlines that aren't football related. It's tough. The only thing I'm gonna say, man, is money is crazy thing for a lot of people.


I agree. I-I-I-I-I-I love what he said and I, and I said this ocho you, you can't take yourself out of that game. He got that captaincy on his shirt. That's that ocho that carry a little, that carry a lot of weight. Yeah. That carries a lot of weight. Yeah. And for him, and they're asking, are you hurt if he was hurt Ocho I ain't got no problem with it. I don't, I don't me, I'm gonna try to cut, gut it up as long as I possibly can. And when I can't go, I can't go. But to just take yourself outta the game because you're not catching any passes or the ball's not being thrown to you. And some of the stuff that he said, look, and when emotion are high, I get it. When emotion is high, logic is low. Low. Yeah.


And sometimes we, we let our emotions get the best of us and we say things and we do things that we wish we can take back. But I, I I, I love, I love a man that's reflective. I love a man that can stand there and say, You know, I was wrong. And I'm gonna try to be, I'm not only gonna try to be a better football player, but I'm gonna try to be a better man. And he is. Right. Money, money. Boy, look here, money changes. Not only can money change you, it can change the way people see you, the way they view you, how they treat you, how they behave around you. Yeah.


So I always figured that because I ty I, I've always liked Tyreek. Here's a guy, Ocho that had immense speed. And we know the man's named Cheetah, so we know he can run. But Ocho he taught himself to run routes. He wasn't just a gadget guy. They run into him some jet swes, You know, to punt, kick off return Ocho. They just did. But he, all of a sudden he start running the smoke. He can run the speed. I can run the comeback. He can run the dig, he can run the over, he can run the slant. Now a guy with that kind of speed that can close that cushion, he turned himself into a hall of famer. Yeah.


Yeah. He gonna be all right. Yes. He has to be. He has to be. He, he, he needs to be in the, he, he understands Ocho, he, you want a new, you want a contract extension. Well, I gotta pay you on what I believe you can be moving forward not on what you've done. I know about that 1800, 1900 yard season that you had. Unbelievable. You were sensational. I paid you for that. Made you one of the highest paid receivers in football. You were the highest paid until all these other guys started getting their contract. Now, if I were to extend you or give you a new contract, Ocho, I gotta base it on, what do I think Tyreek Hill?


Am I gonna be able to count on Tyreek Hill next two, three years? Because that's what I gotta pay. I I, that's what I'm paying him for. Right. And you see where the, the, the wide receiver money is going, don't you? Hey, that thing hit. It is north of 35. Chase is in in the forties. Yeah. Listen. But I love a man that can look and say, You know, Hey, it's me. Yeah. He, he, right. We all get wake up calls. We all get wake up calls in different forms sometimes. Some of them, sometimes, God, they got gotta shake you real hard Yeah. To get your attention. He No, see, but no, when he shake you real hard, he wants your undivided attention.


Sometimes he'll do something you just, you you'll just pause like, oh, okay, I heard you. Yeah. Hey, he right, he right. Because there's something that, that some things that can happen that can sit you down real quick. Yes. And it hit home. It hit home. He's focused going to therapy. And the fact that he has to prove himself, the fact that he even feels he has to prove himself is to me, man, boy, you, You know who you are. We know what you can do. We know why your numbers weren't what they were last year. But anyway, but having to prove yourself again. If your quarterback can stay upright and healthy, you, But You know what Ocho if you think about it, 18, 1900 yard season.


But think about it, how did this season start? Controversy And it ended the same way. Mm. You see, remember how we say ocho, you limp into the season, you limp out of it. Yeah. You right. You come in with, you come in with the bull jive, bull jive. Follow you out of it. Yeah.


When it's PCS time, You know, the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


So, like I said, he, he learned, he going through a lot. He got a lot of stuff going off going on off the field that's not football related. Maybe, maybe that was weighing on his mind. So people don't understand, man, sometimes, boy, you, you have stuff going on and you have to be able to compartmentalize. And some people compartmentalize better than others. Some people can stay tunnel focused. When I'm on this football field, the most important thing is this football me catching at me intercepting than me second the quarterback or whatever, running the football, whatever game may be. And then once I'm off this football field, I gotta deal with day-to-day of life. Yeah. Family, friends, loved ones, kids. And You know what, that's, that's why I like, that's why I love, when I was playing, I obviously, I didn't have, I didn't have many issues off the field until obviously on, on the back end.


But I'm saying during that, during that early time, that first decade, You know, I ain't, I ain't had no issues. You did not, What I was able to do if I did have anything lingering, which was very, very, very small. I knew once I walked in that locker room, oh man, that's, that's my, that's my, that's my safe space. That's my heaven going to practice, going to meetings. I ain't had to worry about nothing. So life, everything was at ease. Once I entered that stadium, once I touched that grab, once I could smell that grass, I was at peace. And I understood once we, we, we got outta meetings and we watched film after practice. Okay, now back to reality.


Now back the kids ocho they're like, I'm glad it's him not me. Mm. I don't care. He got 'em. Right. So at the end of the day, a lot of the problems, if they're not family oriented, I mean your family, they're really the only ones that care, bro. You playing football, you making $30 million a year, you make x amount of money. I wish I made that kind of money. 'cause he, people think money solves everything. It Don't, it don't, It don't. Because I, I I promise you there is, there's disappointment, there's heartache that even mo no amount of money can absolve you from that can, that can shield you from.


And so, You know, look, Tyreek is human and all humans have emotions. Now it takes dif different stimuli to trigger emotions. But the right stimulus will trigger that will elicit sadness, disappointment, joy, heartbreak. Just the way this we are, we are who we are. Even the toughest. So I, I I hope I, I really do because I thought, I mean, look, he was, he, I still believe he's a hall of famer, but I wanna see him bounce back because I think he's one of the most talented receivers that ever played the game.


He's special. I'm glad he's not six foot tall. Can you imagine him six foot tall with that speed, with his mindset Ocho Well, if he was six foot tall, he wouldn't be able to do the things he's doing now at the height he is. Well, hell look at Randy Moss. God made Randy Mo six ball. He gave him that speed. Randy Moss couldn't run routes. He ran a, he got 153 touchdowns. He did something. I don't know what he did a lot. He caught, yeah, he caught a lot of jump balls and he caught a lot of goal balls. But no, I mean, Randy wasn't trying to run no speed outs. He wasn't trying to, I mean, he run the hook. He run the smoke route catching him with a guy like Randy, put the ball in his hands, all that other stuff.


Look, put the ball in his hands. I'm gonna make you make a decision. How you gonna get him on the ground? Because I got in the ball. Hey that man, every time, every time I think about seeing Randy off the DB off, normally, You know the DB seven yards, three step. Read the quarterback after three step, get your ass back on the receiver, man. Randy, the dude is seven yards off. Randy take three steps. He done closed the cushion and done threw his hand up. The D threw His hand up. Yeah. Hey, The DB stealing his damn backpedal, man. What the fuck you do? Hey.


And then, You know, the Faye was coming on the, on, on the goal line inside the five, You know, the Faye Coming and there with nothing you could do. Yeah. Nothing you could do. But Butty could get it figured out. Yeah. He get it figured out. Patrick Mahome said, Travis Kelsey doesn't seem like the player seem like a player on his last ride. If it's his last ride, you would never know the way he's talking about football, the way he's talking about working, trying to be even better than la he was last year. It doesn't seem like a guy that's on his last ride or he's tired of the job. He's in here, he's working.


I know his body feels good. I think he feels better than even last year before going into last season. Just because he's motivated to have an even better year. Yeah. I, I, I think look, You know, new relationship Ocho new relationship, You know, he's out. You know, she, I'm support my lady and I think the thing I Think you deep down, and so he knows, he didn't put the, he didn't put the time in that he needed to. He didn't put that work in. He putting that work in now look like he, I guess he looked like his body's changed. He's lost some weight. Me, you have to realize they're comparing Trav to a younger Trav.


They're not comparing him to La Porter and all these other guys. They're comparing to his younger self and what they saw him do. We used to him being the premier tight end and all the football and no question who best at Travis? Kelsey? Yeah. Now you got other guys, now you got La Porter said, Hey, what about me? You got McBride in Arizona saying, what about me? You got Bowers in, in Oakland? What about me? I mean, excuse me, Las Vegas. What about me? Yeah, Kittle. So you got other guys that like, hold on. Well, it is not a foregone conclusion anymore. Now Travis is like, Hey, I wanna stay attached to that, that that best tight end conversation and it, it'll humble you, man.


Yeah, yeah. You gotta put that work in. But also is one thing putting in the work, but also he, he gonna need help as well. You the, Well, I think Rashe writes being back, you saw Worthy, you see him get better and better and better. Now if Trav comes back, 85% of what he was, 90% of what he was at his absolute best. You got Hollywood Brown back. The question is, Ocho That's nice of Offense. Offensive. The offensive line. What they gonna look like? What the offensive line gonna look like?


You know, they, they drafted offensive tackle out of Ohio State. The first round to be a left tackle. You got Trey Smith, you got Cre Humphrey, you got one of the best senator in football, one of the best rock guards in football. But they were lacking at the other position. And it sh it reared us. It reared us head in the Super Bowl. It did. But I'm glad Travis is putting that time in, You know, but at this point in time, Ocho You know, you don't, you don't, I mean sometimes, You know, but at the end of the day, you take it one year at a time now. Yeah, he done got past 10. It's one at a time. It ain't no more. Man. That got me five more.


Hmm. I'm take you one at a time. If I get five. Woo. Thank you, Jesus. If I get one, if I get two, hell I got two more than than than the original number that I set for myself. Right. At that point you just pray for, you pray you're getting the extra years. Yeah, because I mean, I wanted five. I was like, man, if I can just get, if I can get me one. Once I got to one, I was like, man, if I get the five oh show woo, five years. Once I got to five, I was like a 10 is the goal. I gotta get 10. Lemme get to 10. Yeah. Once I gotta to 10. Okay. Lemme try to get 11. Lemme try to get 12. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to steal the year after year. Yeah. I sure one to steal me one. I, I don't think I was able to steal one, but I was gonna steal me one.


I don't know if it's gonna be 15 or 16, but I was gonna steal one year. Like damn sharp show don't look the same. I'm not, but them checks the same. I'm not, I'm not Don. Nope. Sharp can still run but sharp. Just can't get over like he would sharp ain't got the wiggle like he was had. Julio Jones says he's not rewatched his Super Bowl 51 loss to the Patriots. I had four opportunities the whole game. That's insane. That's ridiculous. Four targets in the Super Bowl. Also, Julio gotta understand who you're playing. What does Bill Belichick do best take away your team's best officer weapon.


That's what he is known for. He tried to do, he's, that's what he always, he's always has done regardless to where you line up, regardless to where you line up. The defensive play call is a, is made based on where you line up. So he gonna boom, number one, he's taking that out. Yep. Taking out. So I mean, Julio, I mean sure Julio understands that now. And anybody that's gonna play play against a Bill Belichick defense understands that as well. Hell, when I knew I was playing against the, the Patriots, I didn't get, I didn't get my hopes up because I already knew what time it was. I already knew who's gonna eat. Whoever the third receiver was, they gonna eat. You just understand that going to those games, I just didn't get when they got that lead, why they wouldn't run the football.


But people say, well, you do what you did when you got the what, what got you there. Yeah, but you gotta be smart. You gotta be smart O Joe. Yeah. And they, and, and and, and, and, and, and, and Kyle wasn't smart. And it, it falls on DQ two because he's the head coach. All right. Run it. Hey, don't be afraid to run it here. Just to keep, to keep throwing the ball. Stopping the clock. Why that? Yeah, they're not getting over that. And plus rewatching it does not change the outcome. You probably don't want to, you probably don't wanna relive that. Hell nah.


Wanna relive that? Don't wanna rehash it then you watching it. You only have four targets. I mean, you, there's really nothing to see. You had a great sense guidelines though. Phenomenal catch. I'm sure you've seen that replay over and over and over, but losing a game like that, being up 28 3 and still losing, I mean, nobody wants to rehash or read your game. Mm Mm Because ojo But at that point, when Julio made that spectacular catch, they in field goal range. Yeah. Run the ball. Why would you throw it? Why run the ball, kick the field goal? Walk it off. Yeah. Hey, why did Russell Wilson not change a play call to goddamn run, play and run?


I'm, I'm, I'm betting on Marshal Lynching. Okay. They stopped him the first time. I'm betting on Make him stop him again. Make Him stop him again. I'm betting you gonna, you gonna have to listen. You gonna have to show me for sure. I ain't putting the ball game And, and, and if I didn't get him in, I don't deserve to win the ball game. But if you, if you go back and think about it, Ocho they emptied the backfield so it, so marshan is not even a threat to run the football. Yeah. At least you gotta have him back there so he's a threat And give them something to think about. Yes. Yes.


Coach Brian Schottenheimer said they are making changes to the cadence. Sounds like there'll be no more. Here we go. There it went. They changed it. Hey, that was dope, man. But outside, outside of the defense, being able to time it. I mean that would be the only, oh man, No, here we go. And I think that's, that would be the only issue. No, just say sit hu everybody's trying to try to, some things you just can't. It's like, You know what Ocho everybody's trying to get, everybody trying to get like a recording contract or a new recording contract singing the national anthem.


It's the national anthem after singing it and sit your As sit your ass down. Everybody wanna go up there and try to sing, but like, draw it out. Two or three, two minutes, three minutes. Come on. If you sing that, for the most part, if you s national anthem, you probably already got a contract. Especially if it's a big, a big, You know, big event, You know, super Bowl, all Star game, world Series in playoffs, yada yada, yada. Come on now. Everybody tried to dress it up. The, the cadence. Yeah. Blue 19. Blue 19 said hut or you an audible.


We had blue. 59 razor blue, 59 razor. But they did, didn't too much. Yeah, I couldn't even hear it. Hey, I couldn't even hear the damn canon. I just watched the ball. Well, I had to hear a can because there sometimes, but I, I would be a guy and I had to run, I had to run the adjust route. I had to run the seven route. Right. So I needed to, I I needed to hear, but for the most part, like when I'm in, expect when I was the tight end, now obviously, You know, they changed the play and I already knew I was hot. So I'm just, I'm seeing what, what they got Josh around. Right. Okay.


They brought two to my side. They brought one to my side. Tds in TDS figured them up. They gotta bring two to make me hot. Hey, they bring something backside that doesn't, that doesn't impact me. Right. But there are some times we go into a game that, hey, if you get, Hey Pete, they bring, they might bring, they might only bring one, one side, but if they bring the guy backside, just if you see him coming, just, just turn around. If seven you give 'em a look. The volume.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC,


When it's PCs time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that mows with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


This is an iHeart podcast.