
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch Series 10 available for the First time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason de Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay, each week we'll get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Ocho, check this out. The Patriots have hired Mike Bel as the next head coach. Robert Kraft will replace one of his former players with another in hopes to improve the results. Vrabel is the first coach since 1950 to directly succeed. Another coach where both played together in the NFL as teammates since Forest Greg took over for Bart Star as the Packers head coach in 1984. There might be a possibility to bring Josh McDaniels back as offensive coordinator. Considering that Josh, before we talk about Mike Vrabel, it seems to me the only place Josh McDaniels can have success is in New England.


Wait a minute, well stop right there. The only place Jo mcd could have success is in New England when he has Tom Brady at the helm. Well, he did go to the playoffs when he had a, a Mack Jones. Remember Mack Jones? Rookie year. He had Mack that went 10 and six. Then he goes to remember, he goes to the Raiders. He gets the Raiders job. Coach Belichick had this brilliant idea that I think Bill O'Brien was the coach for one year. And then Bill O'Brien leaves and then he has two of his slappy homies come in there man. Patricia and Joe Judge, guys that have never called an offensive play in all their life.


Right? One is a special teams coach. The other is a DC and you know what our first round draft pick is a quarterback that made the Pro Bowl as a rookie that ended up taking us to the playoffs. We want to have two guys in his ear that's never ever called an offensive play. Yeah. What do you think about this? For me, I'm disappointed that Mr. Kraft did not give erod Mayo more time. Right. It'd be interesting to see if Vrabel struggles and not have a a great record. The likelihood of him moving on with Bel after the year is not very likely. No, absolutely. Everybody else that Mr. Kraft has had, now granted he had Coach Belichick from 2000 until 2023, right back to 24.


But Coach Belichick was five and 11. He got another p he got a De Grace period next year. We know what happened. He went in Super Bowl and they take off. But do you like the hire of Mike Vrabel? I mean, I like it. I like it, but I, I don't see much changing. I don't see much changing. Depending on how the draft goes, depending on what they get in free agency, then you, you get some pieces in there that, that could help defensively, that can help offensively. Things might change, but I don't see it to be a quick turnaround that fast. I've never seen a team turnaround that fast. The quarterback position, obviously Drake may as good. He showed flashes of, of brilliance, then he is had some loss.


Obviously you get that with a rookie quarterback. Depending on his growth and how, how much better he gets from, from now to next season, then I think things will, will be okay for them. But I don't see him making that kind of jump where just changes the dynamic of that team in general. And all of a sudden they turn it around and win 10 11 something games. No, it's not gonna happen Buffalo. But if they do have, if they do have a losing season, again, the lease for Vrabel will will be much longer than the lease for Gerard Mayo Buffalo's in that division. They're not going anywhere anytime soon. They got a quarterback. Josh Allen can't no be beat no more than what, 27, 28 years of age.


Sure. They got a young team. They got James Cook, young receivers, young, talented, tight end, good offensive line. They got some pretty good pass rush. They got Ed Oliver. They got Rousseau. So, you know, Von is a little long in too. Matt Milano came back, made some impact plays today. I think they can get a little better on the, at the corner position with Buffalo. I think that's something maybe they're looking to maybe get another pass rush or something like that. Maybe a a a a Thumping Lineback or a Ranger a safety that can take the ball away, but Right. Buffalo ain't going anywhere. No, because they got that 17 back there. So they gonna be, they gonna, they gonna be there for a while.


Yeah, but listen, listen, listen. Drake, Drake May is good though. Yeah, Yeah, I know. Yeah, Yeah. Fake. I mean we, I I mean listen, some of the flashes we, you know, I've seen from him. I'm like, okay, the Patriots, the Patriots got them one now. Okay. But then it's like, oh God. Oh, you can't do that. You can't do that. They gonna make, they gonna make, they gonna leave some, some. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. He's, he's not a, he's not a CJ Shroud. He's not a Jayden Dan. Nah, he's not there yet. No. You know, changing the dynamic of your franchise and offense at the step of a finger with Your play and get him, get him, get some wide receivers, get some players. Because what what CJ Stroud had is they had Tank Dale, he had Nico Collins, he had a Noah Brown, he had a, they straight they to get dog choke.


Right. So they need that had a solid offensive line. The offensive line was really good in his first year. They weren't so good this year. Tonsil, if I'm not mistaken, I think Tonsil made the Pro Bowl last year. I don't think he made it this year. He got nicked up defensively. They were, they were really good. But I, I like Drake May, but they're, look coach, they got $130 million in cap space. Hey, T Higgins. I I'm calling t Higgins the hey, because you know ocho, you got that, what they call that, that window in which you can like tamper the tamper window, right? I'm tampering. Hey, we got, right now we got five years, $160 million for T Higgins. We got 80, we got probably 75 to $80 million Guar fully guaranteed.


Right. I'm gonna put the pressure on Six year, six year 20,000,090. Guaranteed. I don't know if they're gonna go back because, because, because here's the thing. Now what You think do in free agency? Huh? They over, oh They, they gonna overpay. But here's the thing that I know, the more you give t the more you gonna have to pay Jamar. So if you give t six years to two FT get a, so he gonna come back with that to the, to the Bengals. Yeah. So if you give T Higgins six for two, six for 200, what you gotta give Chase? He gonna want Joe Burrow money. You got that for him?


He deserve, he deserves Joe Burrow. I don't care what he deserved. Do you got it? Huh? It ain't my pocket. If He, Hey listen, if I had it, if I had it, he would've been paid last year. He wouldn't listen. If it was me, he wouldn't even went into this season without that bag. 'cause I know it, I know what you're gonna give me. I know what it look like. I'm not even gonna question myself. Yeah. Blindfold. Well, how much you want? Matter of fact, matter of fact, yeah, Jamal, matter of fact, here, you take the check, I'm gonna leave it blank. You put what you want on them because I know what I know what you gonna give me. Yeah. That's what, that's why I couldn't be, I couldn't be no owner but me owner.


What? Yeah, it, it's like, So you, you said, you said something very interesting the First time. You said it's not your money. When it comes to your money, you a lot more thrifty when it's your money. Like when you buy a car, when you buy a house, will you do all the stuff? Hey, hey, would somebody say, Hey, you know, this is on us. Hey first class, make sure we do Delta to one. You know, we got this car service picking us up. Hey, as a matter of fact, hey you want Yeah. Hey you, hey, I got the, got the two airline tickets. We quiet. Hey, they taking care of it. So it's easy to say that now, but we, when it's your money, like how about you want, oh no, we're not gonna be Able to go there. But, but listen, listen now look, there are 32 teams in the NFL.


Yes. Three people on every team. Hey Chad, listen to me. Now. There are three people on every team you go through. You go through it on maybe, maybe on both sides of the ball and you could give 'em a blank check and you won't blink twice. If you were to say, you know what, you write the numbers on there, whatever you want, you can have it. Now, I'm, I'm just speaking hypothetically, based on the type of reduction they going to give you week in and week out, no matter what. And you don't even have to, you don't even have to ask no questions. You know what you going to get And Chase is one of them. Lamar Jackson is one of them. Josh Allen is one of them. Joe Burrow's one of them. You keep going down the list. This matter maybe, maybe three, sometimes two, maybe one on the team on on one on either offensive or defense O Joe, we'll give you a blank check.


Whatever you want, go ahead and write it on there. As much as I would love for fatigue to go back the money that it's gonna cost you, you need to get a couple of defensive players. Are you gonna be in the same spot that you were last year? Yes sir. So the question is, would you rather have get Hendrickson back and get you a corner, have Hendrickson back and pair with another defensive lineman, right? Because it doesn't matter. It is been proven. You got a Triple Crown winner and you got a league guy that led the league in passing yards and passing touchdowns and you missed the playoffs, right? Yeah. 'cause like you said, your defense early on, let 'em down in a lot of those games.


If you do what you always done, you'll get what you've always got. So at some point in time you gotta stop somebody because it puts so much pressure on your offense to be perfect. Every game, every down, every possession. Yeah. One slip up, Boom. Behind eight ball. And so for me, if I'm, if I'm, look, if I'm the general manager, as much as I love to have t I've gotta spend the, I've gotta take that 30 to $33 million and I gotta put it on the defensive side of the football, right? Because, because I believe that even if I don't have a triple crown, Ja Jamar Chase is gonna go to the Pro Bowl for the foreseeable future.


So what he doesn't have 1 27, 1700. Let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, he gets 95 for 1400. Right? Joe, instead of throwing for 40 touchdowns, he throw for 35, 36. But your defense allows seven fuel points per game, Right? Yeah. This and that makes a difference. Yeah. What makes that makes a difference on the back end, you know? And then it increases your chances also of being in the playoffs. And that's it. Because, you know, Joe gets to the playoff. He's been there before. He's very comfortable. Yeah. This team has been there, especially the core guys. Chase, burrow, a couple of those offense, I think maybe one or two of those offensive linemen have been there.


So a you got a core structure, but at some point in time, won't you, you gotta stop somebody, you gotta stop somebody. You can't, you can't keep losing games. 41, 38, 45, 41. Yeah. 34 20, 34, 31. Right. You can't keep losing ball games like that. And you see your quarterback have one turnover with four touchdowns and you lose the game. Right. Because that one mistake, because your defense, He talking nobody. So that's, that's just me. But Mike Bel is the new head coach of the New England Patriots. He replaces a former team. Did they play They played together. Yeah, they played together.


Gerard Mayo who was fired after one season. Mike Bel outta work for one year buys a home, a team that he won three championships with. And people forget that Mike Vrabel started in Pittsburgh. Ocho Yeah. Linebacker Started in Pittsburgh, went to Kansas City, not Kansas City, went to New England. And his last couple years, if I'm not mistaken, he was in Kansas City. Huh? Okay. One year in 2008. Okay. OCHO Mark Davis was not interested in high bel for the Raiders giving past failures of hiring products out of New England.


Yeah. No, but Ray Bel, look, Rayville, I think his first year or second year he took it, he took the Titans to the NFC championship game, excuse me. A FC against New England. Because remember they, they ended up, they ended up losing OCHO and they had a 10 nothing league. And the, and and the, the Patriots came. The Patriots, excuse me, I keep saying Patriots. The Chiefs came back because at one point they were down in the divisional round, remember Ocho, they were down 24 points to Kansas, to the Texans. And they go on this, this, this and just blitz 'em. And they end up winning the game like 51, 31. And then the next week they fall behind 10 dumping.


And then my homeboys with that magic. So, but he said Mark Davis was not interested in hiring Vrabel for the pa the Raiders given the past failures. Josh McDaniels, Dave Ziegler two years ago. So we hired those guys and, and I think the, the biggest mistake from guys that have been around, the coaches that come out of that Coach Belichick tree, is that right? They try too hard to be Coach Belichick, But Yeah. And at, at the end, I don't believe that's Vrabel. I don't believe that's him. Oh, no, no. But I know guys that played for a lot of the other guys and that's, that's, that's what I hear, Right?


I, I don't, IIII think it's gonna be all right. I think he'll be fine. As far as far as Mark Davis, I'm not sure and mean the job, the Raider job isn't that, isn't that nice to begin with, huh? No, it ain't like people knocking down the door to come coast there. So even come out and, and say anything about, I saw something saying Dionne, you know, he not, he not even, okay. Abel's not even what, who, who, I mean, I mean, it's not like bra. I, I'm sure brave look, he probably would've taken a job if there's nothing else available. But I'm not really taking no job without a quarterback because I know, I know my tenure isn't going to be long if I don't have a quarterback. So why even waste your time?


Why even waste your time? 'cause the opportunity, the head coach, but certain people is going to, is going to come. Right? But certain people, those opportunities are going to continue to come. But see, the thing is what Mark Davis. Mark Davis is like, he's thinking, but Bravel never coached. He played under Coach Belichick, right? Mike Bra started coaching as the linebacker coach at Ohio State. Then he got, then he was in, at, at Houston, if you remember Bill O'Brien demoted, Romeo Cannell elevated Mike Vrabel because it would look better as Vrabel as a DC to get a head coaching job. Then when Vrabel got the job at Tennessee, he re hired Remo promoted Romeo to dc Yeah.


So Vrabel never coached under Coach Belichick. Now obviously he knows the type of locker room and the type of ship that Coach Belichick ran. And I, I was reading some quotes where he said he the locker room, everybody cared about each other. The most important thing was to win. And that's what you have to have to win. And teams that win and teams that win consistently, that's the, I believe that's the over, yes, you gotta have talent, but everybody got talent. Now there's the varying degrees of where your talent is located. Ocho. But everybody has talent. I mean, you don't get to this, everybody that's in the league is talented. Obviously there are players that are more talented than others, but others, right?


But everybody has to a certain degree, a certain level of talent. But that's what I will agree with Vrabel, is that when guys are unselfish and guys care about one another, those are the teams that normally win and they win consistently. So it's gonna be very interesting to see how this thing pans out for Mike Vrabel, because yeah, he got his work cut out for him. But he does have a quarterback that they drafted last year and they got $130 million in cap space.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the lead. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC spot me Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you can find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Bur here today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, an NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Viki That Sure, sure. To ka a ruckus, listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, Ken Saquon, Barkley even break the rushing record. Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the postseason run Charge of safety. Durwin James said, Justin Herbert doesn't deserve, deserve the hate he's receiving. Let's take a listen. OCHO Man, we don't deserve it, man. Like I said, man, 10, we know we wouldn't be in this position without him. You know, in this season, I feel like every game he's given us, given us a chance to be in these games, man. And like I said, man, I wouldn't rather have no other quarterback man. I love him as a player, as a brother. And I know he gonna work his tail off next season and I can't wait to be right there with him.


Oh, Joe, do you agree? Yes, sir. I mean, listen, Durban has to say all the right things. Durban has to say that, yeah. Obviously to be in the position that they are in, you know, the quarterback is responsible. You know, when you win, quarterback hit the credit. When they lose the quarterback is the reason why they lose. He should get the blame. Ocho, you can't, you can't say if I, you can't say what a quarterback win, he gets the credit. But if they lose, he gets none of the blame. I don't believe his hate, I believe his criticism. I believe the criticism was warranted. Ocho how? In 500 plus passes you throw three interceptions in 32 passes. Yesterday you throw four.


You don't think he deserved to be criticized. You see, again, nobody, everybody wants praise, nobody wants criticism. Right? But I've never heard, when have you ever heard a player say, man look here man Ocho, y'all praising that man, y'all praising that quarterback too much. Y'all praising not running back too much. Why receiver you give him too much praise Ocho. But the minute you say, bro, you gotta make that play, you gotta get in your break. You can't give up on that route. You gotta hustle, man. Ocho hate. Nah, but listen, you know what? Durwin didn't just come up, come out, come out the blue with that question. The question was asked by yes because of the, because of the scrutiny. Because it's a criticism. He was, he was, he was facing because of performance.


If Lamar throws four, if Lamar throws, lemme ask you a question. Yeah. If Lamar throws four interceptions against Buffalo, will he be criticized yes or no? What criticized he'd be crucified man. Sending the man through four interceptions all year. So he throws four in one game and we're supposed to overlook that. Crucified not criticize. There a difference? Hey, when Dak turned the ball over four times, what did we do? Crucified that. So I'm just trying to figure out, are we not supposed to criticize a player the quarter, forget the position Ocho, it's like a db. You give up four touchdowns. We not supposed to say, bro, what are you doing?


We gonna talk about you. Now you should Allow to give up four sack George pick and drop in four passes. Are we not supposed to point that out? Right? But you gotta understand it is his teammate. Huh? He gonna say the right thing. Remember what I told you? Remember, remember what I told you when we talked about George Pickett? Yes. About being honest back instead of being pc. Now Durwin James obviously is going to say all the right things. You, he's going to say all the right things in front of the camera, you know, but you understand one of the reasons why you are home and you not continuing into the playoffs because of your quarterback performance. You know that in the back of your mind, but you don't say it in front of the camera. Yeah. You just don't. My thing is, I don't have a problem with him defending, but I don't believe it's hate.


I believe it's criticism and it's justified. Right. Also, you have to understand the era we're in. You have to understand society. Criticism Is labeled as hate now. They don't See criticism is seen as hate. Truth is absolutely hate. Yeah Bro, that outfit ugly. Oh you hate, that's ugly, bro. Yeah. And sometimes it really be ugly. Yes. Yes. But look, I don't have a problem with, the only problem is the choice of words that Durwin chose to use. I have. I love the fact, and you're supposed to stick up for your teammate.


And he's right. Justin Herbert played really well this season. He did. That wasn't the case yesterday. And so that's what I love about Sports Ocho is because it's game to game, it's update your resume even though you can be as credentialed as you are. Right. And Pat and it got me off one of, one of the shows, O Fox, Tom Brady was a seven time champion. Yeah. Tom Brady wasn't playing well in those games. And the, and the, and the fans knew it and all I was saying I can't, I'm not trying to take anything away from Tom Brady. What Tom Brady did prior to this game. It has no bearing on this game. Right. Tom turned the ball over twice.


Tom was, was less than 50% completion. That's what we have to talk about. We, this is not lifetime achievement. Now if we wanna do a lifetime achievement, the NFL says lifetime achievement war goes to Tom Brady. Seven Super Bowls, he went to 10 a yada and yacht. So be it. That's not the time for me to bring up a game in which you threw four picks. Right. This is a lifetime achievement. But when we are evaluating game to game, and that's what we do. When you didn't say that last week, so what was I supposed to say? They got through for 500 yards and five touchdowns they won. Where's the criticism in that? But when he doesn't play well, we Right. We talk about it. Got You. And that's what we try to do. And people don't understand.


People don't look, that's not what you saying. Look, when you get information, when you get better information, you're better to evaluate. When you can do better, you do better. When you know better, you say better. Yeah. So what Durbin James is well within is Right. I don't believe it was hate because when I, when I, when I think of people, I don't think people really hate Justin Herbert, but I do believe the criticism now some of the criticism that Lamar has received. But see, when they start talking about, you know, well you don't say this about that. I know I'm being fair because they, they tell me Ocho Well you don't say that about white quarterback.


And then they tell me, I only say this about black quarterback. So if I'm getting it on both sides, I'm pretty sure I'm right down the middle. Yeah. As long as it's not one or the other, it's both. Yeah. I can deal with that. Yeah, but listen, it, it would be hard. It, it would be very hard, especially in today's era and the younger gen generation, they're not gonna be able to separate the two. They're not gonna be able to separate the system from the hate. Anytime you say anything that is not in favor of their play and how they're playing or what they're doing, it's going to be seen as hate. No matter how many times you sit here, you can sit here and explain it to you. Blue in the face. You know, when you talk about players in today's game, they're going to view it as hate no matter what.


Even if you are critiquing it. J just, just What happened to this ocho what happened to the word constructive criticism? Even though it's criticism, you use it, we're trying to explain to you what you did wrong. Yeah. Everything can't, if I just praise you, even, even if you wrong, my grandfather used to always tell us like, boy, I never reward negative behavior. So when a child is acting up, you don't give the child candy. You don't tell a child to go pick out a toy. My grandma say, boy, wherever you show up, wherever you show age, you get wore out. Right there. Now you sound like my grandpa Act Get tore up.


Yeah. Okay. Now if you play good, I'm gonna say you play good. Right. But How am I gonna look? Because people or your the position that we in, they're gonna hear everything that we say. So if you play bad, I've got to say that you played bad, you didn't play good. It's not personal. Everybody think now, if I say a God, say I dislike bro, I don't know you enough to dislike. You've never done anything to me. Right. So there's nothing to dislike. But I think with my trained eye, having played the game an extended period of time, having studied the game, having watched the game, I think I can fairly evaluate what I saw on the field without making it personal.


Right. Am I passionate about it? And I think that's the thing people take my passion with hate. Yeah. Not only your passion, but your delivery as well. Huh? Yes. Delivery, you know, your delivery. It, it, it is, it come off like they god damn, you know? So I I I kind of understand, I kinda understand where they coming from, But I just think the thing is like durwin, like I, I love that you're standing up for your teammate and rightfully so. But I was just like the hate criticism. Yeah. The criticism a little hard. But I can understand. Hey, we didn't play well. It wasn't just on him. We didn't play well. We didn't play well on my end.


Yeah. That's my my thing was like, you know, Hey John had a tough guy. Yeah. But we gotta help him out. I mean, it didn't, it didn't help that we had three or four drops. It didn't have, it didn't help that we missed a couple of blitz pickups and forced him into a situation. Yeah. We gotta help. Hey, if we stay on the field a little longer, hey maybe our defense get an opportunity to rest instead of, you know, being on the field an extended period of time. There's a way to say it. And I get, look, I get, and like I, I think now there's a, because there's so many ocho there's so many sites. Everybody has an opinion now. And guess what, I can go on your page and leave a comment. Ocho you suck. You drop five passes, talk about you the best.


Whereas before OCHO we didn't hear, we, we really didn't hear no outside noise. It was only what they wrote. Right. Maybe when you got to an opposing stadium, you got Boo and the ocho you terrible. You suck. You not better than, oh you're not better than to, you're not better than Moss. But now oh you inundated with that. They, they let you have it. Yes, yes. Absolutely. Because football sports, pro sports have become 24 hours. 365. Yeah. Yeah. And everybody's on social media and for the most part, even if they don't follow you, oh, you on oh ocho on Twitter. Okay, let me go leave this comment.


Oh, he on ig. Let me go leave another comment. Oh, he on Facebook too. Lemme try to message him. He might not see. Hey, they might not can see it, but I'm gonna message him anyway to let him know. Yeah. You still suck. Ocho J Just, just a thought. Just a thought as a, as a fan, knowing that I can reach you. I might, you might not see it, but just the fact that I have access and there's a, there's a chance that you might see what I'm finna say or I'm finna let it rip. And even if he don't see it, guess what you got family, friends, and loved ones that do see it. Man. You saw they said about you Ocho. Right. You heard what he said. Yeah. So you gonna to get it one way or another. If not everything, you going to get enough to like, man, what the hell Ojo.


Why they, why they talking about you like this? Yeah. I, I wish, I wish more players, I wish more players were like me and had my mentality when it comes to people saying things or people, you know, people being critical of their player, whatever. It may just, even, even even life in general, even life in general, like I'm very accepting and welcoming of, of, of critiquing. I have no issue with it. I have no issue with it. 'cause you, you know, obviously when I was playing during that time, if it bothered me through the media, I was seen as the villain and I, I continued to feed the, what's the, what's, what's the word I'm looking for?


What the narrative. Yeah. I, I continued to feed the narrative. I refuse to change, I refuse to conform the NFL, you know. Okay. We can't control them. So what do we need to do? You know, we need to take his money. So when they started taking my money, I I, one of them, I started sending the fine money in early. I was sitting, hey, it got to a point like year six, I was sending the money to the league office a week in advance ahead of time. So you don't have to mail up me no FedEx letter Because I already go mess up. I just, I just wouldn't conform. I wouldn't conform at all. And I wish players were able to take that critiquing like when you, when you, when you got on me for some of the stuff I did you notice I never said anything.


Yeah. I didn't, I mean I I hear it. Oh, I heard, I heard it laughing. Okay. Okay. Okay. And like that. Okay. Next week I'm gonna have something else for him. I'm happy end up. And plus I think the thing is ojo is that social media, because I don't want people to think that social media is all bad. 'cause social media is good. No, it's good. It's a good thing. It's very good. 'cause a lot of times social media can give people an opportunity to see you outside of what's being written and talked about you. They get an opportunity to see you for what you wanna present. Because a lot of times like man, man, I ain't know he was that funny. I ain't know he had that kind of personality.


A lot of people like, because you see me on CBS, you saw me up there sitting at a desk and they see a couple of snippets, but then I get to be on undisputed and I really get to let my hair d Right. They like man. And I think that relatability is what people like kind of gravitated towards. Man. He like my uncle, he, he talk just like he was at the cookout at the barbecue. We having, we in the barbecue at the barbershop. He's talking like that. Just like we actually talk. But he on national television, I ain't know a Yeah. And so the social media aspect does have its pros and cons, but just like everything you have to use it Or to his advantage, It'll use you.


Yeah. Social media is very advantageous now. It could swallow you up. Yes. If, if you have a weak mind, you're not strong-minded, you gotta play. You gotta learn to play the game. You gotta learn to play the game. You'll be all right. Somebody said I'm what? I, I'm drinking. What's Taylor Port A wine, a cheap wine than that? It's Very, Nah, you, you not answer. Damn. They like Morgan David. It ain't, it ain't no it ain't no protuse. It's not no Rothchild. It's not no, you know, no opus. Right. Kaus silver, whatever, A silver oak.


It ain't none of that. You see what this is? Right. Sparkling cider. This ain't number Apple. Yeah. I wasn't drinking nothing, man. This ain't number. Apple cider Ocho speaking of social media. Yeah. Cordell Patterson Shades. The Steelers on Instagram. Oh. Guess I'll show the snow. Since I can't touch the field. Patterson did not play a single offensive snap last night. Yeah, I understand his frustration. Hell Yeah. I, I understand it. Woody was able to do in Atlanta, you know, understand Woody can do At Minnesota More in Minnesota more so on special teams. Yes. Sometimes back field.


But you got na you got Najee Harris in front of you so you're not taking carries from him. You know, so your opportunities are gonna come few and very few. How do you, how do you say the saying few and few Few and far between. Few and far between? Yeah. So you have to make, you have to make the most of those opportunities and they just Can't see. But you can't say, guess what it was no in-between because they didn't come at all. Yeah. Right. That too. Well hell, they, they didn't use their best weapon. So, I mean that's who, that's who should be complaining. But I'm not, not, that's neither here nor there. That game is over. But I, I feel for him though. I feel for him.


Ocho check this out. Here's the Twitter Question of the Week. So if a female takes a man out, do he gotta give it up at the end of the night? Whoa, whoa, Whoa. I love, I now they talking. I got, I can drink that. Hold on. Ah, I like that question. First off, who's paying? Well The woman, I'm assuming she invited the guy out. Yeah. So She's Paying, who's paying the bill? Is she paying? Yep. I I like this. I like this. Now sometimes if you get an assertive woman, if you get an assertive woman that'll pay the bill, she will let you know.


No gray area Unc, no gray area. When you have a woman that asks you out, when you have a woman that pays the bill, she's letting you know what time it is. You know what the play is right after this. Right. I, I didn't come to play and these ain't young folk. These ain't young folks. Hold on, hold On, hold on, hold on. Talk about, talk about, lemme get, lemme get a time about, hold on, look at time out. Come On. Talk to me. That, So you telling me there are women out there that y'all can go out? Yeah. And you can get the buns on the first night. Oh, the, the the older women. Oh, the older women. Now I ain't talking about the young ones. The young ones that want you to pay for everything. Not them. I'm talking about the older women. The older women that are seasoned, the older women that are veterans, the older women that don't wanna play games.


I'm not here to play no games. Listen, I need to understand if I'm gonna deal with you long term or not. How do I know if I'm gonna deal with you? I need to know if when we lay down horizontally or vertically, however you wanna do it. If it's good enough, you know what, I'm gonna be around for a while. If it's not, I probably ain't gonna answer your phone call no more. That's life. I'm, that's the, that that's life. Now I'm, I'm, I'm 57. I'll tell you what I've been through. I'm tell you what I've been through. All right Now you get, you get, you get some of these young Whipple snaps out here today. Yeah. That's all about what can you do for me? Buy me this, buy me that. Get my nails, get my nails and my feet and my hair done. You know my wig.


I need a new install that's different. It's all about what you can do that you really get nothing in return. You know, damn. Getting no return. But I Hold Ocho for real though. I'm talking about, hold on. Because see, here's the thing. Yeah. I got, I I'm ocho I'm extremely, extremely careful because this look no means no maybe means no. Yes means no tomorrow. So I'm really, really, I da a i damned like are you sure? No. Are you sure? A Hey, hold on. Are you sure You don't? I Feel damn near killed a movie. I done killed a five. See, you don't, you don't have to do, that's why, see, that's why you don't have to do that with older women. Huh?


40, 45 or 55 sometimes even 60. Huh? Hear me? They Yeah. What, what 60 What, what fear you playing at? But That ball on Ocho, the thing is the 60. That's my age. That's, that's, that's a little older than me. But I'm saying they grew up in the era. They they grew up in the era they grew up in the era that I came up in. That what? They didn't happen. Oh, the, these, these women, they evolved with the times. Huh? They ain't got time to play. They don't have time to play. That's what I understand. Listen, the young, the young folk. Oh the young folk going, listen, the young folk gonna waste your time. You know why they gonna waste your time? Because they have time to buy. They young, they have time to waste. Oh, okay, okay. I'm 20 old.


I'm 25. I'm 20. What I rush for. Okay, you right. What I rush for. Now you get to talking to women. You, you get to talking to women our age. Age. They ain't got time to play. What? I'm waiting two, three weeks for what I'm waiting a month for. What do I have? What do I even have a 90 day rule for? 90 days I might not even be here. Damn. Listen, Be rude. I'm just being She like that Then I don't need to be bothering her anyway. Now about kill over on me. Damn. I'm just, you, you know how it is. You, you know how it is man. Listen, listen. There are pros and cons. Huh?


There are pros and cons. If you, if you got time to waste and you want play the game, you, you, you date the young folks. But, but I'm saying that, that's, that's the thing that got, oh, you see me? I don't, I don't even ask. You ain't gonna, you ain't gonna have to ask. Ah, no. Hell no. I I you about to. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. I gotta ask. So you talking about a so what you doing a can I come up to you? Oh no, already think I already think something up. Hey, you don't understand man. Well I guess you get, You old, you get, you get you one of them old ones. You hear me? Yeah. Know she put, she put that blindfold on you put the sock in your mouth So you can't talk. No, I can't give her that kind of control.


There ain't no handcuff. 'cause I be pulling that whole headboard off. Hey y'all, hey I guarantee you I smash that whole headboard, man. Bad, bad A all, Hey, nah, man. I, I, I, I don't, I don't like being restrained. Oh no dude. Hold On. Hey, hey, hold on. Lemme tell you something. Now see this, how this, when I tell you you not living this is what I mean. You not living, you gotta get your swing set right? Yeah. Tell, tell Michelle to get you a swing set. You tie it boom. In the, in the, in the, in the, what do you call the doorway?


What do you, what do you call the doorway? The doorway. You tied it, you hang it up in the doorway. Pressure. Yeah. Yeah. You, you hang it up in the threshold. Whatever you wanna call it. Bingo. That's one. Call it love swing sets. You gotta do that Then bondage you get, you get the bondage tools. Nah, nah, nah. I ain't, ain't, I ain't gonna even hold your, I ain't gonna let that happen because ain't ain't no, ain't no tied up. I don't, I can't let you give, I can't let you get that kind of control You got, you gotta let her tighten you up like I'm telling you. Mm. See man, I told you man, you, hey listen, she tied you up when your leg, your legs be up. Right. But you can't move because they got the, they Up high like a woman. Like, on like, hold on. You know I got kids.


Hold on. So you know I got kids. So they put you up in them store. Oh no. Oh no. Hey listen. Hey boy. I'm telling listen boy, Get your Ocho get your bedroom. Man. Man, they come down there like, well, Mr. Sharp, what happened? They, they, they head boy gone off that bed. I done snatched that joke. Smooth off. Man. Please. Hey, hey listen, I'm gonna send you some videos, man. So, you know, you check, you check the videos out and you just experiment. You experiment, you know, and you, you, you listen, you, you're 57. At some point you got to evolve. You got try new things.


There's so much out there that you haven't done yet. You, you, you might like it. That's the problem. You Like. Matter of fact, you, you ever been to the Swinging Club? No. No. Hell swinging. Man. I ain't even swinging when I was in elementary school. I ain't playing on a swing set man. Man, no swinging going on Uhuh. Oh no. Hell to the, I don't know what you hold up. Nah, that ain't, that ain't, that ain't for me. That ain't for me.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. You're like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, you Wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To ka a ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL, we're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course, Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


How you say you ain't swinging elementary school? Hell nah, I don't play, I don't do nothing of that swinging. Oh, I'm good. I will take y'all word for it. I will take your word for it, don't you? Hey man. Hey man, we got, we gotta go through the Dr. Man. You, you ain't gotta worry about nothing, you know out there. You'll be all right man. Ocho rapper, red Man, meth Red man. He used to be a tandem rap group. Said he was celibate for two and a half years, no sex, no alcohol. So everything crystallized for him.


So everything was so clear and his, oh, his head just opened up. I said what he said. He said, I ain't say it Now. What I will believe, red Man, I will believe that you were sober. I can see the discipline in that area and not drinking. Understand that it can better you and better your life, better your decision making as, as far as sex is concerned. I'm not sure how that would cloud judgment in any way. Or, or, or, or cause bodily harm in general. Because sex is, is, is healthy for you. It's healthy for you. It wouldn't clear my mind. My mind would be so cloudy.


Why? I, man, I got the free Willie man. Man, that thing be backed up in you, man. No. Hey, say, hey, listen, listen. I'm, I'm still, I'm, I'm still on my, my, my celibacy my celibacy journey, so I understand what he's saying. But the amount of time, how many years? He Said two and a half years. See, that's, that's now that I can't believe because I'm the one who, lemme see, she left me in October. October, October, November, November, January. So January. Yeah. That's, listen, I'm, I'm struggling. I'm struggling. I'm struggling. I'm, we too. I ain't nothing.


Two months in. Yeah, man. I'm, I'm struggling. So I'm, I'm trying two years. Hey, I'm two months and I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be a, I give six Weeks fighting. Boy. I give six weeks. Who? I'll give somebody six weeks. Boy. I'm in a relationship. I give six weeks. Right. We need some space. Okay. I, I look at, I give you six weeks from today, Right? Six weeks from today, Right. Hey, what, what happen if they don't come back after them six weeks? Somebody blackham. I gotta put Blackham on somebody else.


I gonna tell you. Should I, should I try that? Should I say That? No, no. Hold on. No, I'm Gonna try that. But you No, but the problem is, is the old, I'm gonna just say I got it from you. I'm gonna say that was, you Ain't got that from me. I'm just saying what I would do. That's a totally, that's a to you. And Rel is in a totally different situation, huh? Listen, I, I confide in everything you say. You like a father figure to me. So basically, if it, it been been two months for me and I'm, I'm right here being celebrated and you just said something that you done or you wouldn't do. Yeah. Within the sixth time. And I'm sitting around here waiting two months. Well, just, not really for that, but for me, it's, it is given me peace. It's giving me a sense of, a sense of calm, a sense of clarity.


And I'm like, well, shit, I need to stand on business. So boom, you got, well, she done, she didn't get no six weeks. I'm gonna give her, give her another week. Either you gimme some in another week. I'm gone. Well, she called. She called you the other night. You said you wasn't going to get, get none, so Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. She, she trying, she trying. But I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm in a place in a, in a position where you did something to me. And you need to be, you have to stand on business. And I can't just give my stuff up like that. 'cause I'm not easy. Does that make sense? Yeah, it makes sense to you. I just think of thinking, oh, Jordan, just all depends. Look, if that's something that you really wanna work for, if that's something that, look, because at the end of the day, the longer look I wanna work for, all I'm saying is all, all I'm saying is, is that the longer you'll wait, the more likely something can creep in.


Yeah. That's all I'm saying. So I ain't, I ain't finna be out here no six months, no year, no two years. You know, Hey, we separated. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, Nah, nah. I ain't doing that. You right. You right. 'cause I, you know, okay, so what, what, what, what we trying, what are we trying to do? We need to go to counsel. We need to go to therapy together. What, what do we need to do? How do we speak? How do we, how do, how do we, how do we come back together and to be at a more stronger union than we were? So this doesn't happen again. Mm. 'cause at the end of the, so what do you, what do you think it's gonna take? Do I need, do we need to go to therapy? Do we need, do I need to go to therapy on my own?


And we, we also go to couples therapy. So I'm just trying to, because I do want this to work because I done put so much time in it, so much energy. So much effort, Huh? Matter of fact, huh? You believe in therapy? You think therapy works? I do counseling. You think, think couples counseling works. Let's look at where's Ash? Ash, Ash. To look up the, the statistics on the percentage of therapy actually working couples therapy, marriage therapy, counseling. I, I'm, I'm curious what the percentage would be on, on those that actually work For me. Ocho I went in with, I went in with an open mind. Oh, So you did it.


Yeah. Ocho I don't know what people I've done. It ain't no did it. I done it. I was in therapy for a long time. I did therapy. I was doing, I just stopped probably about a year ago. But I was doing therapy once a week for $300 a, a a a a week for like three years. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Real. That shit back in therapy. It's, it's successful 70% of the time. Seven outta 10. You gotta pay for it. Yes. What? I'm paying you to listen to my problems. Yes. And you and I paying for you to gimme an answer on the issues I'm booked.


Yes. Oh man, nigga, please. Yes. I'm glad y'all think so, but I don't, see, here's the thing with Shannon Sharp. Everything Shannon Sharp has ever said on television or on Nightcap can be proven or disproven. So y'all saying Kap, that don't bother me. 'cause I know firsthand, that's why I'm able to speak so freely and effortlessly about it, because I've been there when the therapist told me, Shannon, you are speaking. Y'all speaking two different languages. She's speaking Chinese and you're speaking Spanish. Unless you learn the other's language, you're never gonna be able to communicate.


Shannon, are you arguing for right. Or are you arguing to be right? I'm not telling you what somebody told me. I'm telling you, as I'm sitting on that lady's couch and she says, Shannon, would you mind bringing your partner in here because you telling me this. I want to hear what she has to say. Mm. And we go, and she said, she asked her, why do you feel the need to try to make him feel like he's left than, do you understand his background? She said, yeah. She said, do you understand how prideful he is about his background and the way he was raised?


He is never gonna be disrespectful. He's never gonna put his hands on you. But why do you feel you need to challenge him? Hey, that's that sound intense. It was. It is. But you have to be honest, Shannon, is this something that you want? And it just got to the point, no, No, I didn't want it anymore. I had given all I could give and she wasn't hearing I was out. I couldn't give anything else I had given.


So, because here's the thing, Ocho, what I had started to do, I had tried to do be so much be what she wanted so much. I lost me. I wasn't Shannon no more. I was what she wanted me to be, but I wasn't me on, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. What did you hear what you just said? You tried to, I'm, I'm gonna put it in my word. I tried to appease her and make her so happy. I lost a sense of self. I wasn't Shannon anymore. I wasn't, I was not Mary and Barney Porter's grandchild. I was not, I was not the, I was not that little boy that grew up on that farm and, and, and grew up to be a man.


I, that wasn't who I was. You see, a lot of times men will go out of their way. Women are just say, Hey, accept me as I am. Right. Right. Right. Men will go out of their way to try to ple please a woman. And in the process of pleasing a woman, you lose yourself. I just had to say, no, Ocho, but you gotta be real with yourself. You gotta be, you gotta wanna work on this. You gotta wanna work. And it takes work. And it's hard to hear your partner say things that like, damn, why you saying that? When that's actually, and, and I can replay it in my head because I'm very, I'm very, I I know what I've said.


I know what I've done. Yeah. But to hear, to hear her say it. Okay. That's why I learned the proper way to apologize. It's not that if I've done it, you said it so clearly. I've done it Right. Intent does not matter whether you intended to do it or not. She's still hurt. She's still offended. Now, I apologize. The greatest apology is change behavior. So you can apologize a f thousand times, but if the behavior doesn't change, you're not sorry for what you've done. No. Mm. And most of the time you're never, sorry. Most of the time you're only sorry. 'cause you got caught Me.


At the end of the day. I just thought that it was like, and we're better off as friends. We're better off as friends. We cool. We have a be I, I think the biggest problem that we had Ocho she was young. I was young. We are trying to figure this thing out, which is, you know, and it just, it just wasn't to beat. And as we 20 years after the fact, she's like, I didn't realize what I had to You, Come on now. They never, they never do till this too. She's like, Shannon, I've never met a man that works as hard as you and as disciplined as you are, but you're very prideful.


You not gonna let nobody push you around. You not gonna let nobody talk reckless to you? No, because I don't talk reckless to you. I'm not gonna call you outta your name because I got, I wouldn't want nobody to call my sister, my mom or my grandma my name out their name. So I don't call women out their name. And now, and now I had daughters and I definitely don't want nobody to call them out their name. So I'm very respectful. I'm very understanding of that for me. And, and a lot of times I was, I had, I was messing with this, this young lady, and she would like, start to argue. I was like, you know what? You're right. I'm gonna let you have that. You get what I'm saying?


She's like, we never gonna figure anything out. I said, I say in order, I, I would rather keep the peace Right. Let you be. Right. It's not that big of a deal to me. I like that. It's not that big of a deal to me. I'm not that, I'm not finna go back and forth and argue with you over. So you Right. But it irked her. It bothered her Because you wouldn't argue back. She said that, I, I want to get away. I say, well, if you wanna understand me, just ask. I don't feel I need to get into an argument or disagree with you for the help you understand me. I'm telling you, I, I don't wanna talk about that. We see things differently. And just because we see things differently, I see things differently than you because of my age. You see things, how you see 'em because of your age.


That doesn't mean I'm right. That doesn't mean you're wrong. But we're gonna see things differently because I was raised in a different era. But I'm willing to accept you for who you are and the era you was raised in. I, you know, I want the same, but I, I, I think the thing is, Ocho I went in because I was skeptical at first. I was like, man, I doubt. But I was like, you know what, I'm gonna go, it's just like anything, Ocho, I can't do anything Halfass. I'm spending, it's my money. So if I'm spending my money, I'm gonna get the most out of it. So I went there and I saw, and I came every day. I mean, not every day, but every week. Right. And I call that lady just like, and the thing makes you like, hey.


And then, you know, and during the pandemic, you know, you couldn't be in person. Hey, FaceTime. That was really first that when I started FaceTiming, I, damn, I gotta call this lady on FaceTime. Damn. You were really into it like that. Yes. Ocho I don't know how to halfass anything. I don't. Right, Right, Right. And, and, and, and, and for me, it's a, a obsession. I, I get a, that's, and that's why I'm like, I, when I, when I'm good at something, I'm really, really good at it. Right. But I don't waste my time with stuff that I'm not. Right. I go all in. Yes. I was, I was 1000%. I was taking notes. She's like, well, take notes. Told you I've taken notes.


Hey, she say something, I, I sneak up. I write it down. Yeah. See, That's, that's, she called me. That's, she called me a, that's, hey, she called me a black SOB. Right. See, that's how, that's how old it be. That's how it would be, you know, very meticulous. Very, very detailed. Yeah. Very. And jotting everything down. And see the, the one thing, the one thing, I don't forget anything. I don't forget anything that's said. I don't forget anything that, that I heard. I don't forget anything that I've saw Ever. Right. You're not hearing me ever. Right. I got, I got the memory of an elephant. Right. But I, but so as, as as time go, as time goes on, which is why I was thinking about, you know, doing something like that.


But then the price points you talk about, like, I'm not doing that. I'm not sitting down and giving you that kind of money just to hear you, for me to tell you my problems and you to regurgitate what you think the issues are with me. Honestly, ocho for me, if I care about somebody that's not a, a, a, a, a, a amount of money enough that I wouldn't spend to try to make it work. Right. Right. Because that's how, what I mean, I'm in, if I care, I care. Right. We dating you need something. I got you. Yeah. Right. That, that's, that's how I am. Because I, I, I've taken time out of, I've taken time outta my schedule to try to get to know you on a level.


And now I spent that kind of time. I done got a year, I done got two years. I done got three years. I'm not willing to just throw it away. Right. Not just me. So you mean to tell me I was in love with this person for three years, four years, and one incident. Make me throw it all away. Hmm. I just, I mean, yeah. I, I'm sure there are probably things that she probably could have done that would, would make me do that. But because I know I'm not perfect and I'm flawed and I, I put people in situations that Right. I've asked for a second chance and they graciously gave that. Mm. That's what, that's why Ocho, that's why I say I'll never ask more than I'm willing to give.


Right. That's why I don't go, Hey, ain't no women. You ain't gonna find nobody in the last, I bet you, you can't find one person the last 30 years, say Shannon Sharp called me at two o'clock, one o'clock midnight and came over to my house. I don't ever ask more than I'm willing to give. I don't do that because I don't want you to call me. Don't call me at one o'clock in that, first of all, I ain't gonna answer the phone. Second of all, You don't got, you don't, no late night booty call ain't where you at, Man. I'm sleeping. I'm, I'm sleeping, leaving the club. I'm sleeping. I, well, I actually, I'm not sleeping. I'm thinking like a Ashley doesn't probably, she done probably send me a message and I'm thinking about, okay, what I gotta do with blah, blah, blah.


I got sponsors. I got this. I gotta, you know, jump on a call. I gotta go a zoom meeting about this. I gotta, you know, talk to No, The right one that have you up the right, the right one to get you up. You ain't gonna have me up. You not finna call me that time of night, don't you? I ocho I'm, I don't sleep well anyway. I probably sleep by four or five hours. That's all. I sleep. And then I get me an hour nap during the day. Nah, it, it ain't that serious. I, I don't, I mean, look, I love sex like the next man, I don't love it that much. Not to get up at no one o'clock, two o'clock in the morning. Oh, no, no, no, no.


I be, you call somebody at one o'clock in the morning. You up Now, when I was younger aren't Cho. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. No. 30 years about, I thought you when I was younger. Okay. And Ocho man, when I was, when I was asleep, boom. Boom. Look at that clock. Two 15. I said, oh no, Ocho. Oh man. Yeah. OI was on.


I ain't gonna lie, I was bad. I be like, hey. I say, boy, ooh man. I go downstairs, Ocho I open the door. Yeah. Somebody said, you been talking about me. I say, what She had on something real scantily. He was scantily cla I say, said what? I said, come on in. You over here now. You done got me up. Yeah. You about to get what you're looking for. Right. That, that was there. Ocho I remember I lemme tell you true story ocho this was in 1993.


I'll never forget it. I had just moved into the Breakers ever said that. I said, nah, I'm good. That was it. Huh? I I I can't do it. Ojo I can't do because I, you know what, in my mind I'm thinking something gonna happen. I'm going somewhere. I'm supposed to be home, be in the bed asleep. I own a job. Something happens. Shannon have a blah, blah, blah. Shannon, you supposed to be in the bed. That's my my, I I always think when I'm not, when I'm supposed to be doing what I'm supposed to be doing. Right. Right. If I try to be off from that, that's why I do the same thing over and over. I'm in my own head.


I'm cool, I'm good.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff,


like, it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk. We into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey There, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


I am good. Alright, Ocho, let's get back on track. Now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for Q and a. Man, I was eight. I was good man. We done be eight. We done be all off track. We definitely off track. MD said, oh, if your team ain't win today, I don't want to hear you say foot or ball. Football. Yeah, Ocho, get him Bronco. Not Raven. You a Land Rover. Hold on. Lemme ask you a ocho. If you one to champ, if you the one to a Super Bowl with the, with the big or with their patriots. You ain't gonna claim you. You gonna claim them? No I'm not.


Yeah You are. No I'm not. Because I didn't contribute to that Super Bowl. You, but I'm saying if you had her, you got 'em there or you helped. No, absolutely not. I'm a bango. That's it. I am A Bronco and a Raven. Okay. I'm a brave. Brave makes you. If that makes you happy, then so be it. I'm a Braven Bronco slash raven. That means the Broncos beating the Chiefs gave them false hope.


No it didn't. You needed to win that game to get into the playoffs. You look, there's levels to this. There are very few teams that, you know, get there in the first year and they win it all the way. Especially when you dealing with a rookie quarterback and bowl a rookie quarterback. But look, they got, they got confidence when they had the Chiefs and Arrowhead on the rope and the Chiefs blocked the field goal. Or they would've lost that game. So if you go back, go back and study the history. The Broncos have always played. The Chiefs, even with Mahomes played 'em tough. Remember two years ago they beat him and beat them bad.


So the Broncos feel very comfortable playing the Chiefs. But they didn't give 'em false hope. They didn't, I don't think they thought they were gonna win the Super Bowl. King. Go King go by and say, yo Unc, after that first TD hit us up with that, that pork that that's all folks. Hey, I'm feeling good though. I do. I I said, you know what I was about? I was like, nope. Shoulda calmed down. Get a good a couple more of these tubs and then you'll be okay. But then I was like, mm, no, Jesse. Oh, if your team didn't win today, I don't want to hear you say for the ball held to the Yeah, y'all got, y'all got y'all.


Y'all got your boy y'all. Y'all get your little laugh on now. But I'll be back When? Next season. Oh, okay. Hold we hold, we play the bingos. Oh. Whoa, whoa. Matter of fact, I saw the schedule for 2025. The Broncos play. The Bengals. Where y'all, y'all play? Where y'all play? Where y'all play? Y'all come to us. It don't matter. We'll be playing. Oh, call it matters. Oh no it don't. I might go out there. I might go out. I might go out to the country to see that one. It absolutely don't matter. Believe That. But what happened to your Broncos today? I appreciate both of y'all, man. We gotta hand it to us bro. Ain't no, you know. But see I like it like this Ocho. I like when a team beat breaks off you because that way you know we're not there yet.


You win by, you lose by touchdown, you lose by field goal. You like, man we were right there. No you weren't right, right there when it was seven, nothing. Seven three. And then once it went to ten seven it was over. All you could see was Taillights flag on the play. Ocho need a sippy cup. He do. He ain't used to drag it like that. JR 55 43 Unc Baltimore City. Your honorary assistant coach Ray. When the Ray was winning Super Bowl for telling them how to use Derrick Henry. They need to senior boys up. They need to senior boys up. Nah, just, damn, I ain't gonna be able to go to the game.


I ain't gonna be able to, I ain't gonna be able to be there. 'cause I gotta be at, I gotta be at NYC Monday because to be in studio. Wait, wait, who play tomorrow? The Rams play. Who? The Ram. Oh. Minnesota Rams play Minnesota in Arizona. It's only one game tomorrow, huh? Yeah. Damn, man. And then you got, you know you got two games Saturday, two games Sunday. Yeah, I think Kansas, Kansas City because they were off the buy teams play on Saturday, don't they? Kansas City plays Houston on, on Saturday or they play 'em on Sunday. I would think they would make them play on Saturday since they've been off.


Right? Yeah. Be that's only fair. That should be a good one tomorrow, Man. Yeah, it should. Brian West said with the Packers having the injury bug, this game would've been, would you rather have the injury bug hit a crucial game? The defense offense excluding the quarterback or also OCHO Burton in Cincinnati needs some guidance. Oh, When it comes down to the, when it comes down to the, sometimes it's about all about a war of attrition. Who's the healthiest, not who's the better team? Who's the healthiest team at the time in which we play?


You might be the better team, but if you got injuries, injuries to key players and they're not able to participate, well all of a sudden you level the playing field. Yeah. And once you get to a, once you get to a certain level, the teams are pretty even. Yeah. Especially once you get to the playoffs. Yes. I mean look at, look at, look at, look at Baltimore and Buffalo. MVP quarterbacks both have been to the Lamars won, but MVP candidates this year, both have been to the Pro Bowl, Mahomes and Stroud. Mahomes has a little bit more credentials. But Stroud has been to, was offensive Rookie of the year.


Been to the Pro Bowl. Right. Those guys, you see what's, what's, what's transpired. Jay Daniels offensive rookie of the year going to the Pro Bowl. Jerry Goff has been to the Super Bowl. He's going to the Pro Bowl. So it it level, I mean now it comes down execution now, but you get injured hopefully everybody, for the most part, I think Washington's fairly healthy. The Lions, they're beat up a little bit, but they've been playing without their guys for an extended period of time. So they've kind of hit, hit their rhythm. Ocho we know what we know. It is not like they got these rash of injuries in the last two weeks. They've been dealing with injuries and they've got, okay, we've got our rotation now let's go play.


But you're right, OCHO Burton has got himself into some trouble. I don't really know a whole lot about it, just about what I read. Yeah. But he, he definitely needs somebody that can to talk to him and like young man, you, you, hey, you got a great opportunity. Don't waste this opportunity. Yeah. You can't mess it, it up. True. Lord says Sheha unicorn Ocho, what equipment as a player did you hate the most to put on for the game? I ain't, hell no. Hell but the shoulder pass, Right, the same thing. I ain't, I ain't putting, I ain't wear nothing else. That, that's it. I, I was light, light as possible. A And, and hell, if I could have gone out there with that without the shoulder pad, I probably would've, I ain't going out there without a helmet now, but the shoulder pad if I could.


But you want to be as light as you possibly can. And, but nah, I looked at that helmet and them shoulder pants. That's, that's my armor. Put it on that shield. I'm going in balance. Oh yeah. Ty said, what's up Icho wish team is better suited to beat the chief bills or the Ravens? Both, both, both got dual threat quarterbacks. And, and, and both of 'em get it done a different way. Both can extend, both can extend plays. Both can buy time. We solve the bar. Buy time, buy time, buy time by time. Find a guy in the back of the end zone. By time find Hill. We see Allen, by time, by time, by time find the, the running back.


So because they're, they can beat you with their arms and their legs. You have to be every, you have to defend every blade of grass when you're dealing with those guys. They can get out wide. They can a, they can keep the ball, they can throw the ball over your head. They're just, both of these teams feel very, we saw Buffalo beat 'em this year in Buffalo. If they play again, if they have to meet again, obviously this will be in Kansas City where they haven't had the same level of success in Kansas City in the playoffs as they have in the regular season. The Ravens, the Ravens want, the Ravens want this.


Both teams want it because they realize in order for them to get the credit that they need, they deserve, they're gonna have to go through, they wanna go through Kansas City. Yeah. Lamar says, look, we had 'em on the ropes, we had 'em dead to right our first game of the season. And we left those jokers off the hook. Buffalo said we did a job on them when they were in our place by, In by inch, remember? Yep. Likely foot. Yep. You're absolutely right. The wise guy. TCG Unc Ocho love both of you from Kansas City. As for Dayton, Daniel Daniels. That dude is superb. Best in the NFC was versus and I guess best in the NFC Washington versus Cheese Super Bowl.


That's asking an awful lot. I I don't know, I don't believe, I don't, I'm not picking them to beat Detroit. I'm just going in and say that now. I'm not picking 'em to beat Detroit. Now that's gonna be A, that's gonna be a tall task. Yeah. Yeah. It's an awful lot because man Detroit. But they can put up points quick or hurry and a bunch of them. Oh yeah. And a bunch of them. And they can win a multitude of waves. They can win a, a field goal game. They can score 50 on you. Washington gonna have to play one of their better games unless back and forth Jerry got, now we've seen him turn the ball over Ojo. Yeah. Yeah. Now when you turn the ball over to playoff time, even if you have the superior team, you drop down and you raise them up to your level.


Yeah. So that's gonna be a very interesting game. What we'll find out a lot on Saturday. Marco Polo, I believe CJ s Straus should watch film on Peyton Manning. Do you believe if he audibles more will help, will that help his game? It's an awful lot. Look. Yes. You can't put too much on his plate like that already now. Oh, Peyton, what? You see Peyton coming to the league. Peyton was doing that in College. Yeah. There ain't a whole lot of Peyton Mannings. No, they didn't even ask Brady. Did you be Peyton Manning? Think about that. They didn't ask Bre to be, to be that Peyton ran the offensive meetings. Do y'all understand what I'm saying?


Not the offensive coordinator. Peyton. He ran everything. He's telling guys, I want you here. I want you here. Run this route, this place. I want you here back. I want you to check and do the run the rim run, bro. That you probably never gonna see another Peyton again, bro. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. But CJ's gonna be fine guys. He just did his second year. PA 13 utter. I built a ball of shade on the pit game, man. Of my words. I'm gonna order the collectors edition. How about you Ocho signed that for me. I I'd like to hear y'all pit quarterback situation for next year.


I think, Russ, you look the problem with Pittsburgh OCHO Yeah. Is that they always win enough game that they're never in position to get one of those quarterbacks, if you think about it. Right. Big Ben fell in their laps, but when you make the playoffs, you weigh down and so all the quarterbacks are gonna be gone. So now you pick it in the second round and you're getting the guy, you, you got, what was the guy? They got Ash, Cody Pickett with a, with a Pickett. Kenny. Kenny Pickett. Kenny Pickett, Yeah. Yeah. Kenny. That's a lot of pressure for a hometown kid played at Pit.


I mean, think about Ocho, the Panthers share that building with the Steelers. You go left, you go to the Panther side, you go right, you go to the Steeler side. So he'd been pulling up to that all the time. Now instead of going left, he's going right. And he's a hometown kid A lot. Yeah. Samuel Griffith. Hey, Unc Ocho. If you were GM of the Broncos, what would be the biggest area of need for that team to be more competitive next year? Tight end. I, I like the receivers. Yeah. Maybe get a little, maybe maybe get a a, a little, I like the tattoos.


I like Sutton. I like Mims. Yeah. They, they made some good plays down the stretch. Boy, Maybe running back. I thought Javonte Williams be a little better, but, but McLaughlin, I think that's McLaughlin. He got most of the Snap and plus I don't like the, I don't like that they ran a slide to the running back, bro. On the short side of the field. Well, he ain't got nowhere to turn. I mean, he gotta do a better job of understanding where he is and try to turn up and not run outta bounds on fourth and two. Right. But I didn't like that play call. But I think I, I, I think me personally running back tight end offensive line.


Pretty solid. Maybe another Pat. I, I love Alan. They got great Cooper and Patino, maybe a safety, Safety. The de the defense is not, is not that bad. Bad. Oh yeah. The defense really good. Ja dang. Says me and the wife and counselor and they helped. I pray I pay a hundred like once or twice, but my guy has a doctorate degree and is a psychologist. Love is a psychologist. Love the show. Thank you. Yeah. But bro, I look, I mean, and she's like, well Shannon, you know, you can come every two weeks. I say, nah, I wanna do this every week.


I wanna do it every week. Because I want, I want to know the root of why I am, how I am. Right. Is it me? What am I doing? How could I be better? I wanna be better. I wanna be better for me. Right. And if I'm better for me, I'll be better for her. That's the way I look at it. Ocho and, you know, I think that's a small price to pay. Obviously everybody don't have the means that I have to be able to do that. So maybe you all can only go once a month. Right. Okay. But you know, hey, it's, it's, it's, it's better to have somebody here that doesn't have a dog in the fight. Because a lot of times her side, her family, her friends gonna take her side.


Your family, your friend gonna take their side. Right. But like I said, my sister, I'm like, I'm like, who side you on? But, oh, that's the way it goes sometimes though, Joe. Yeah. I'm trying go. And then you come to the realization, you know what, Ocho Uhuh, Hey, you did everything you could. It just ain't meant to be. Yeah. I'm gonna try that. I'm gonna try that Just ain't meant to be. Guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Ooh, great Wild Card Weekend, Saturday and Sunday.


Now we know the matchups, the matchup. The commanders are headed to Detroit, the winner of Minnesota and the Rams will head to Philly. Baltimore travels to Buffalo. The Texans travels to Kansas City. Thank you for watching Nightcap. I'm your favorite of Shannon Sharp, bad guy. Liberty City legend Bengal Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And


guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And we thank you for counting. Thank you for your continued support.


Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. And let's celebrate the new year with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. And if you can't find it any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to you. And please drink responsibly.


Please go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month. We got new cis sweats as well as beanies and ies and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please grab yours while supplies last tickets for the Super Bowl show. The new in New Orleans, our first spring tour stop are on sale now, and it's gonna be held at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. You don't wanna miss it.


Both Nightcap and Clubb Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcasts, arts, sports, and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for us. The link is pinned in our social bios. The commanders get a last second of field goal by Zane Gonzalez. It hit the upright, but it only matters if it went through and it did. If they win on a walk off 23 to 20. Jayden Daniels was sensational. The Packers defeated the Eagles. 22 to 10 Saquon Rush for 119 yards.


The Eagles defense picked up Jordan Love three times, and that was enough for them to go to the divi, to the divisional round of the playoffs next week where they'll host the winner of the Minnesota A Rams game. And Buffalo beat my Broncos 31 to seven. It was a great run. We had a great season. We had a great season, but it didn't end like we wanted to. Ocho didn't end like we wanted to, but hey. Yeah, yeah. I, I, I can't say that there's always, there's always next year the Patriots hired Mike Grable to be the next coach after they fired Gerard Mayo one year.


Mike Vrabel takes over. That concludes Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after the Lions Vikings game to, so we'll wrap that up. Put a nice bow on that. We'll have a lot of other stuff to talk about. I'm almost certain Thank you for joining us. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We will see you. My role road. Goodnight. The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Ard. Type on a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Firkin Demers. Jason Am Mers here, and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and an ad's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you will be glad you did.