
I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip, or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, One of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bench you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas, Boy.


Alright, Ocho, your first word. We're gonna start real simple. Real, real simple. Okay. Mardi Gras. Okay. Mardi Gras. M-A-R-D-I space. GRAS Mardi Gras. That is correct. Woo. What's that baby? Here We go. The next word is by you. Huh? Bayou. Did you see the movie? Okay. Okay. Okay. Eves ba Yeah, I did, I did. Wait, wait, wait. With with, with a Woman that I love by the name of Lin Whitfield. Yep. Yes. Yeah. That, that's my my girl Bayou.


B-A-Y-O-U Bayou. That is correct. Your next word. And Dewey. And Dewey, Oh, you got me. Is a spicy sausage made with pork typically used in gumbos and other Cajun dishes. And Dewey. Huh? And Dewey. Yeah. You you got me here. You got you, you got me. I'm, I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna have to guess this one. Un in. Ah, you got me Dewey. Un un dewey. I'm, I'm just going, I'm, I'm gonna spell it how it's pronounced.


I know it's probably gonna be wrong. U-N-D-E-W-E-Y-I-I know it's wrong. A-N-D-O-U-I-L-L-E. Yeah. See? I I, they know it's funny. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not even trying to be funny. That's my first time ever even hearing that word. Oh, you Never heard that before. My first time Ever before I, I sw I sw for God. Well, I got a evil before I sw God, That word before. Beye. Beye. Oh. And I, I had a few of 'em at, at at Cafe Duong too while I was there. Beye B Ben. Ben Ben Beye.


BE The G is silent. I know that. Ben Beiger. Ooh, that's an Oh you got me. God damn. B-E-I-N-G-N-I-T-S. I know, I know you was close. I got it. B-E-B-E-I-G-N-E-T Beignet. Damn. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. This dish is commonly a Cajun or Creole cuisine that consists of some type of smothered seafood stew served on rice and it's pronounced Tufe.


Oh, come on. You know, don't know what know. Tufe is Tufe Tufe tu tu. Now listen, tu samuel tu he played for, played for Barcelona. Yes. ETO at tufe ETO Faye FAE at Tufe. Am I wrong or right? I'm wrong. E is E-T-O-U-F-F-E-E Etfe. God, goy definitely wasn't finna get that. The last word is Cajun folklore and Baton Rouge and named after a popular Halloween festival.


Okay. Thi lay thi lay Come on man. You tripping man. Hold, hold on. Say, say it again. Fifo FIFO lay. Pfo lay Pfo lay. So F-I-F-O-F-I-F-O FIFO lay. And then it is probably gonna have a weird spelling. It ain't lay like LAY so I'm gonna go fifo lay F-I-F-O-L-A-I-L-A-I-E-I bet it feel weird like that. It Was close. F-I-F-F-I-F-O-L-E-T.


Oh man. Oh, okay. Okay. Now that, listen, that New Orleans style spell Spello. Spello. That was hard. That was hard. Hey, you lucky Dave. I ain't putan in there. Yeah, I would, I would've spelled it B-U-D-A-N if that ain't it. I listen, you know what? I would've been much better if I was a part of that culture or grew up in New Orleans. I would've had a better spelling some of those. Oh Yeah. You know, you spell Yeah. Yeah. Three of those I never even heard before. All right, Ocho. Okay, now it's time for the get back. It's time for dunk on unc. Okay, Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go.


Okay. Which NFL team had the longest gap between Super Bowl performances? Which NFL team has the longest gap between Super Bowl performances? Ooh, we, so from the first time they went until the next time they went Correct. Which of her team has the, the longest gap between Super Bowl performances, Kansas City Chiefs? That, that, that is absolutely wrong. The answer you were looking for is the New York Jets. Oh, They, they, they ain't been back. Yep.


1969 to 2025. Yeah, they, they ain't been back. Hey. Okay, here we go. Who holds the record for the most touchdown passes in a Super Bowl? And how many tds notice? This was a two part question. Most touchdowns in the game or in a career, Super. Listen to me. Who holds the record for the most touchdown passes in a Super Bowl? And how many tds was it? Steve Young? Six. Against the, against the four nine I against the IIII think I, I, yeah, He said Super Bowl.


Who has the most in a Super Bowl? Super Bowls. Oh, sorry. So let me, lemme take, let me, let me, let me, let me rephrase this again. Who holds record for the most touchdown passes in Super Bowls? Oh. And how many tds is it? And it, this is not that difficult 'cause you Know, well, I mean Brady has the record. The question is how many? Yeah. Okay. Okay. You got ha you got half of it right? So I just need to know the number of tds he has. 14 though. Nope. The answer is 21. You are not that far off Though.


I'm way off considering that he only had one touchdown in the first Super Bowl. That means he threw 20 in last six. Yeah, he did. Okay, here we go. Number three. Number three. Which team? Now this, this should be easy too because just based on, based on your history, which teams have the most Super Bowl losses? It should be easy. 'cause they go, these two teams have gone so often. Let's see, the Broncos got four losses.


Yeah, you got, you got one, right? Buffalo has four losses. Two crab boy got 1, 2, 3 losses. I'm gonna go with that. That's what I'm gonna go with, I think for is the record.


So I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with Buffalo and the Broncos. Well actually I'm not sure if my answer here is, is correct, but I have the New England Patriots and the Broncos at five losses. True. You see that? Elway lost. John lost three. Peyton lost one. Broncos lost five. Oh, they lost in 77 to the Cowboys. God, yeah. Dang.


Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. But you doing just about as bad as me tonight, boy. Yeah. New England lost. New England lost in, they lost to 85. They lost in 86 to the Packers. And then Brady lost Three, two to two To the Giants. To The Giants. And they lost the feeling. Feeling. Yeah. I'm shooting bad tonight, don't you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You really good about that? You like that though? No, I'm just, I'm just saying. You see, now you see how I felt trying to spell those those Alright. I I'm gonna get this, I'll get this one. No, I finn get this one. Alright, here we go. Which team has never scored a touchdown in their Super Bowl performance?


This team has never scored a touchdown in their Super Bowl performance. Ooh. Oh yeah. Never scored. Nope. Never scored. They made it to the Super Bowl and weren't able to get a touchdown. Wow. Yeah. That's a good one. That's a very good one. So that means they kicked the field goal. 'cause I don't think there's ever been a score of zero at the Super Bowl. Right. You say didn't yet the score or a touchdown or score period. They didn't score Well no, they never scored a touchdown. Okay. That's what I thought. You, they sure they scored but they ain't score no damn touchdown.


Ooh woo. Only team I can think of. But I think they scored, they scored, they scored. I know they scored. I don't know. I'm, I don't know charges. I don't know. Nope. The answer you were looking for is the Miami Dolphins. What you mean they never scored? They scored the Super Bowl. Super Bowl. This joke. Say, yeah, he said a Super Bowl. Hold on. I I'm racking my brains like what they are. You gotta say a hold on. Which team has never scored a touchdown in their Super Bowl performance? This, this Super Bowl performance. This Bad Ocho man, you done get his like you Hold on.


See that? See what I'm talking about? See that Miami slang? That Miami slang. Hold on. You gotta speak clearer Ocho, I listen you you got it wrong. Anyway, regardless. Now this I I be, Hey listen, you making it seem like they've never scored in all the Super Bowl they bid in. That's how you, that's how you framed it. But you Hold on. I take my ticket. Stay with me. This team has never scored a touchdown in this Super Bowl performance. Well, shoot, that threw me off a little bit too, the way I read it. Hold on. I had to go back and look at it. Listen, you, you for four. Here we go. We got, we got I been getting This one though.


Nah, you ain't getting this one either. You going, you going four. And so if you lose, if you get this one wrong, I mean, I won tonight. Yeah. You ready? Which team has the most Super Bowl wins without a single loss? Ooh. Every time they win a Super Bowl, they done, they won. Ain't never lost The most Super Bowl wins without a loss. Yes sir. The Ravens That answer is absolutely correct.


That's absolutely correct. Oh, you thought you were gonna get O Shake? Did you thought you were gonna get O Shake? Did I get Chance a minute? Wait a minute. Wait, wait a minute. Let's not get too happy. Let's not, let's not get too happy. I got two right? You got one right out Of five? Lemme see. You got two outta six. I got one more. Okay. Yeah. You ready? Yeah. What was the first Wild Card team to win the Super Bowl? Who was the first Wild card team to squeeze into the playoff as a wild card and they happened to win the goddamn Super Bowl?


I'm gonna say, if, I'd have to guess it was an a FC team. I'm gonna go with the Oakland Raiders beat, the Philadelphia Eagles. Lemme get that right down. Okay. You got that. You know, I know how long sometimes. Okay. Okay. Oh, you know what I'm saying? You had that Kendrick, you know, sometimes you gotta pop out. Show. Okay. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was good. Oh, You thought you had me? I almost did. I I Not only Did I, not only did I give you who was it?


I gave you the year and who they be. Right? You got lucky. Oh, logged on. I will get you, I'm gonna get you ocho We tired tonight. I normally, I normally, I normally do better than this, but, okay.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every Parent's Dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? How they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the lead. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members. FDIC Spot me Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Boost are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Oh, You need parts O'Reilly Auto Parts has parts need them fast. We've got fast. No matter what you need. We have thousands of professional parts. People doing their part to make sure you have it. Product availability. Just one part that makes O'Reilly stand apart. The professional parts people. Oh, Oh oh O'Reilly.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris.


Alright, We, well since you out here, you might as well participate in the next segment. It's called Sex or Next. It's brought to you by Rose Sparks. Oh Lord. Rose Sparks is a game changer in the bedroom. It's a fast act. Devolves outta your tongue getting guard in 15 minutes and last you up to 36 hours. Oh Lord. 36. 36. So when the mood hits, you'll be ready. And just for the attendees, RO has a special Valentine's gift on your seat. There's an envelope with a $30 off your first order, which you can get by scanning the QR code on the card screen around the venue. Ro wants to help couple have great sex. Sometimes that meaning Rose Sparks, I need this for the night. But other times it means asking your party the right questions with exactly what we'll be doing in a little game. If you have a question you would like to play, please make your way to the floor to wait in line to ask your question. Ladies and gentlemen, from the upper deck, you can also come down. Do Not be shy. Don't start that shit. We in New Orleans. Y'all have y'all had a bunch of questions earlier Now break your hands down to the mic now. Oh Lord. 36 36 hours. 36 hours. Shannon? 36. 36 hours. What? 30. Oh. Oh my God. 36. Hold, hold. Hold on, on. Hold on.


Oh, I got another one in there. I got another one. Stephen A. Oh Lord. Alright, Come on my man. What you got? All right. First off, I'm gonna say shout out to y'all. One of the nightcaps. He was talking about these grippy socks. Yeah. So I got, I got, I got you a pair. I got you a pair. Let your boy get there. Let your boy get there. Let your boy get these grippy. Yes sir. Hey, hey. Tear it off. So one thing I, I gotta ask you, Juan, I gotta ask you Juan. Go ahead. Ask, Ask Me myself. I'm a proponent of, you know, using little bullets, you know, nothing crazy.


Just, just, just a little, little, little something now, you know, put it on the cl. Knock that out. I'm gone. I'm gone. Come on coach. Don't mind me. How do you like to spark it up in a bedroom? I, you know, without the live. Without the live. How do you like to spark it up in a bedroom.


Oh, Joe, look what your boy got. Oh, Get outta gribble. That's the grips. What, What, what, what are he talking about? They acting Shy. No, he asked me what do I like to do to set it off in the bedroom? Oh, you ain't see his ig. Tell him what you like to do. What I like to do. Yeah. That'll probably be a question that you probably should ask her. You know, look, I look all that. See y'all. These new age women. Y'all don't going too far from me. Not really. Yeah, they have rehab you.


You got Evolve. I I've been telling them how old you sir. Nah, he, he sat down, bro. I ain't no dinosaur. I don't need it ball You. You got ball Man. Man, you, You got too many rules. I'm gonna keep 'em too. Hi guys. I'm Auntie Hamme. Okay. And I am a coochie college professor. Okay. And I would love Wait, wait, Wait. You, you a what? A cooch. A coochie College professor. Okay, tell me more. And I have a lesson right now and it's all about, we're learning about how our coochies relate to owls and our coochies.


Who like hoot. Who, who? And I would like to know if you guys would like coochie that comes out in the daytime or coochie that comes out at night. As long as they come out. I'm good. Day, night midday. A early afternoon. Is there, is Is there a difference in coochie that comes out in the day as opposed to coochie that comes out at Night? Yes. Coochie that comes out in the daytime is more calm than the coochie that comes out at night. The coochie that comes out at night. It gets wild like that.


The light shit. I, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey, we need that. We, hold on, hold on, hold on. Can we get a woman to, to confirm or deny this? Because I'm not, come on, hold on, hold on. Come on. Come here. Come on, come on. Where's that? Was that, was that sex next? No. No. Oh, that we go what you want, you call it? I mean, I was next. I ain't understand none of that. You, you understand Y'all. Hold, look, we gonna get confirmation. She about to give us confirmation. Oh, she been drinking? She about to tell and she got on black. Yes, that brown. Oh, you on that brown? She on that brown and she got all black. She about to bring it, don't you?


So I can confirm Auntie Hammond in the daytime. You know we moving about our day, so I'm just going to bend it over into the one two real fast. Okay. But her mama, I lay your ass down on that bed. Everything is wet. Everything is Wet. Oh, sack sack, everything. Ack. Yeah, we, you, you keep it? Yeah. Are You, are you, you married? You your boyfriend here? They're My husband. He okay. Okay. So he confirm. You confirmed this? Oh yeah. Okay. Oh, we got sex dear. Thank you very much. I gotta write that down.


Hello? Yes sir. Hey, what's going on man? Thank you guys for showing up here, being independent. And I want to echo what Prime was saying earlier. Like part of what we gotta do is support you guys like how Prime said support you guys. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Gimme time. Gimme time. Gimme time man. Gimme time. But bro, hold on, hold on just a second. Not to cut you off. I think you, I think you missed the, the, this is like sex or next. It's got we. Yeah, we, we like, we ask it like grown up type questions. Question.


Oh, I'm married. I'm done with it. Okay. Yeah, go ahead bro. What's going on y'all? How you doing? Appreciate everything that y'all put out on the podcast. I watch y'all all the time. Especially Club Shehe. Love what y'all do. Especially Marla WANs. Appreciate love that episode. Thank you. My question actually was for Prime, but he left. He'll be back. He'll Be back. Yeah, he come back. But I do want to confirm this. If you work out, you don't need those pills. What? What if you workout? You don't need those pills. Do it look like I don't work Out. You do work out. But I'm just confirming if you work out, you don't need those pills.


I I have a question for you. How do you know? Just because you work out, you don't need those pills. 'cause she told you that Annual physical check it test testone level. Ha. That ain't got nothing to do with That house. It does high. The eagle head. Yes it does. But I guarantee you act nothing. I'm gonna go keep that it myself. I don't know. I don't, don't tell her. Don't worry about that. I don't know. But you don't know what you missing out on, bro. I'm telling you she don't know what she missing out on. I don't know. We appreciate your statement. Next, Next. Because I, Hey, I've been working out O I've been working out 57 years.


We talking about, this is me, all of you. Ocho is Stephen A I wanted to ask you this girl recently, she put me in the friend zone. We had, we are having great dates, a lot of stuff. She put me in the friend zone after a couple dates. I wanna know how can I get back in there. You not. No you not. I already lie to you. She, But she starts, she she was, she pursued me though. Yeah. Yeah. And she and she told you that you weren't her type when she put you in that vote. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait, wait. You leaving out some key parts? Yes. She pursued you. She pursued me. Wait, let me finish. Y'all had sex already? Yeah.


What I, what we saying? What were we saying? No, No, you come up show were you shot? No, no, No, no, no. Okay. Oh. Oh, it wasn't, it wasn't that. Okay. It wasn't that. Okay. You sure it wasn't that? No, no Ocho It wasn't that. It wasn't that. Okay. Okay. It was, it was after It happened to me. So I'm just Can answer this can answer this. Yeah, go ahead. Can answer this my brother. It was after. It was after a little while. My brother quit while you were ahead. Yeah. Let me finish. You said she pursued you. You said y'all went out on a couple of dates.


You said you gave her some and then you said she don't want no more young man. That's a good, that's a good point. That's a good point. Move on. You're not it for her. I, I love you. Hey, don't trip. I've been there. Love you Ocho. I have been. Love you. I love you. I love you. Shit. I'm in the friend zone now. Unfor. I don't believe a man needed us to tell him that it was over. What? I said I don't believe he needed us to tell him it was over. But Sometimes, You know what? Sometimes It's good to hear somebody Else you got.


So you, you sometimes when you used to living a lie, you know, you, you, you got to come to the fellas for the truth 'cause you don't want to accept it yourself. That was him. Lemme Tell you, I'll tell you how you can get outta the friend zone. Put that on them. Well, 36 pounds. Hey, It won't be no friend no more. Hey everybody. I, yeah. I love the show. Hey, get your boy subscription. You know what I'm saying? That's gonna help 'em out a lot. It ain't get 'em, but it ain't, Hey Rudy. Not that problem. Rudy Oana from Austin, Texas. Hey, I think I speak for everybody here is we Ms. Shannon and I love the show with first takes way better than undisputed.


I ain't gonna lie, but we Ms. Shannon be like, ski, What's going on with the cowboy ski Up? But anyways, we miss that. But my question is, everybody has the question. I don't know if you know this, but he's doing a hell of a lot better on first take. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Alright. Remember that I like first take better than no dispute. I you're damn right. So does everybody else, the main question, everybody has the same question. Everybody's thinking the same question. Who the Hell is Michelle? That's what we wanna know. Michelle Obama. Michelle Michelle. Who? I ain't, I wanna know who Michelle is. I still don't know who's Michelle. Oh, You Why she was still is.


I'm just trying to figure out what what is it? I mean, like if I'd have never said that name, nobody would've been interested in, but We heard you say, whose dick is this? Michelle, we heard you. So now we want to know who Michelle is And what did she say? She ain't say nothing. Next. Next. See what I gotta go through, Stephen. A you see what I gotta go through? Yeah. I do feel bad for you. You know when the fellas come asking you to tell your business like that.


That's not how it usually works, fellas. No, it's usually the ladies that's asking who is she? I mean, the Fellas ain't the ones that's supposed to be asking these Questions most of the time when it's out in the public like that. Right Then It's public consumption. So I need to understand, I want better context as my co-host. Yeah, yeah. Don't lie to me. You, you, you, you, you got the context. We got all the context we need. You ain't, you ain't devote the context. Stop that. And now welcome to the stage she Shea media's newest signee. Humble Baddies. Sit. Sit right there. Sit Where We going?


Where we going tonight? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's Up? Hey babe. No Chiefs. Go ahead Ocho you, you, you you got it. You got it. I'm, I'm gonna let pop it off. Speechless. All I'm, I'm, I'm gonna just asking anyway. I want to know and I don't know, how did Humble Baddies come about? How did this start? Well, we used to have a podcast called I Am Woman. And a lot of people were asking when y'all gonna get back together? So I was talking to Ashley and Alexis and I was like, y'all, we should do a podcast.


And they was like, okay, okay. And one day I just woke up, we were coming from LA and we were in the airport and I was like, let's think of some names Ashley. So we were thinking of names and we, I was like, what do you think about Humble Baddies? She was like, I like it. Hit up, didn't like it. Hit up Lex. Lex was like, I don't like that name. I was like, it's gonna grow on you. We got Humble Baddies and we just started, we went to a pod, a podcast room, started filming stuff and here we are today. Is there anything that you ladies won't talk about? Or is everything a green light?


Every topic We talk about Everything. Okay. I, I'm asking, we talk about everything. Lemme ask you guys what is, is this your honest portrayals what we see on wax to riches on Netflix? Is this the honest portrayal of you three? I think it's part of us. Okay. It's definitely Girl tell the truth. No, I'm saying because we gotta be real like what you saw. I stand on business. What I said is what I said. Okay. But it's not the whole story. And that's why we have our platform Humble, batty, so that you guys can really get to know who we really are, our real thoughts. We can have real conversations, we can engage with y'all. And you really see like where we come from, you get the background.


You can't get the whole story in the two minute scenes. We film for hours. So you not seeing like the full story, but that's why you gotta tap in and get the backstory on Humble Baddies. So, so what we see on Humble Baddies, this is who you guys really are Correct With, with wax to riches, reality TV have became scripted reality, right? So when you have people who new castmates, they have a story, right? And I know we got a lot of feedback, negative feedback saying, oh, why you exposed this person? Their story needed to be told. So of course when you're dealing with producers and everything, it's scripted reality.


It's unfortunate. But So you really don't want 25% of my Nightcap. I really what? Don't want 25% of my Nightcap record. No, you, so our, our scene was playing Chad and I be, we be capping a lot, y'all. So the, how much did my lawyer say she 500,000 a year. That was, it was, it was a battle of the lawyers with that scene. I think it's layers to everybody and we are public figures and we show up as ourselves, but at the same time we are, we have debt, we have families, we have businesses, and we hope for a season two.


So you can see that we are talented women and we have a voice. So we are just here to sprinkle a little bit of my essence on that. So, And our main thing with, with Wags, we want to show that, you know, most people think we want to change the narrative of what a wag is. A lot of people don't know that the women and girlfriends of athletes really have businesses. And a lot of people think that they ride their, their husband or their boyfriend coattail. And that's not true. Like, it's not highlighted a lot that these women have businesses and that's what we wanted to show. Absolutely. What are some advice you'd give to women that's trying to start a business?


I feel like you have to go for what you're passionate for because if your heart isn't in it, then you are already, you know, losing. So just make sure that whatever it is, you know, you gotta stick your mind to it and be passionate about it. Give it your all, you know, get up and do it. Don't just, you know, say you're gonna do something. Get up and do something. Every, every effort means something. I say surround yourself with people who are doing better than you. I say also surround yourself with people who can, you can learn from. I feel that if you are in a room with someone who is on a trajectory, you can tap in with them. So whether it's mentorship, whether it's asking questions. I love to be in a room with someone that is doing beyond because I'm like, you know what, I'm in this room with them, So you know what, I can be there too.


And I listen to them and I take heed to what they're saying and I bring it to fruition and it happens. So I think it's really about who you set yourself with, who you ask questions to and who you, your mentors are. Did y'all, what are your goals and aspirations for Humble Baddies 2025? We all set goals before we, we go out and try to achieve something. So what are your goals for Humble Baddies throughout the entirety of this year? Well, we, we signed under the best. So we wanna, we wanna go on tour. Our goal Is y'all on tour? On tour We signed under, under the best podcast. Yes we did Media company, but we plan to be up there with Nightcap.


Okay. And we need all y'all to subscribe to Humble Baddies. Yes. Thank you so much. We're giving away $2,500 to a small business owner in the month of February. So if you are a small business and you're looking to take it to the next level, or you wanna start your business, we have guidelines, follow up, Humble Baddies, subscribe and you may be a winner. I like it. Yes, give it up. Ladies and gentlemen, Humble Baddies. Thank you. Thank you for having us On the East Coast time. Appreciate your so much Hush. Thank you all The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com we've done your homework.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris and iHeart Women's Sports Production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.