
This is an iHeart Podcast, the volume. Wow. Wow. Wow. The cardiac pacers did it again, trail the entire game, trail by as many as 15 points, but when it mattered the most Tyrese, Halliburton did it again. Go Halle. Go Halle. And Halle, did he go? Thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining us for another episode of Nightcap As you watch the Indiana Pacers and go on the road.


And what they normally do is take game one. And they did it again. Yeah, one 11 to one 10. I said it. They were down by as many as 15, but they do not give up. And I don't think they played really well except the fourth quarter. 12 gave up 12 steals in the first half, 19 turnover in the first half. But they found a way to hang around and they won the ball game. I am your favorite. Look, Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame, artee Pro bowler all pro, Chad Ochocinco Johnson, and our special contributor who's been joining us throughout the NBA playoffs, the Arkansas Little Rock Native University of Arkansas Alum Iso Joe Joe Johnson.


Who's that? And we have a special contributor tonight to talk about game one of the NBA Finals. And that is Cedric Cornbread Maxwell. Guys, let's get look here. You know what? Damn, I, I, and I'm so excited about this game, but I gotta Ocho I gotta go through and gotta go through the run now. Yeah, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We'd like to thank you, Ocho, myself, and the entire team at Nightcap for your support and your continued support. 'cause when we started this thing two years ago, we had no idea we would rise this fast.


And it was all because of you. It's because of your ears, your eyes, and your word of mouth. So we greatly, greatly appreciate that from the bottom of our heart. And hopefully you'll continue to support us. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. Now, if you can't find any city or a state near you, best believe we're coming soon to a city or a state near you, order it online and we'll ship it directly to your door. The best tasting VSOP cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it, try it for yourself. You will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you follow my media company play page, Shehe Media. The link is in the chat. And my clothing company, the link is also pinned in the chat, but 84 is spelled out.


Supplies are limited. And once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Guys, let's get right into this. Right into this game. I thought, I thought I, I really did. I thought OKC had this thing in the bag because they, I mean, Indiana cut it and then they extend it by more than what the lead was before they dug into it. It was nine. And the next thing You know, they cut it down to six and now you're back up to 11. They cut it down again and next thing You know, it's back up to 13. They cut it down again and get it back up to 15. I said, that's too much to overcome. Nothing is too much for these places to overcome. They believe, I don't know what the outside world word is thinking world is thinking, but they have a never give up attitude.


They do a great job. I've heard Rick Carlisle onto the next play when guys would turn the ball over, they would make a mistake. Cornbread, he's like, onto the next play. We good on to the next one. On to the next one. On to the next one. Kept 'em with a positive attitude and they go in there and they still game one still home Court advantage and game one, Joe, you watch this game and like I said, I didn't feel like they played really well except the last quarter they had again on Joe. We talked about it. Six guys, a double figure. A lot of teams. 19 14, 14, 16, almost had seven guys in double figure, but they played six guys in double figures. Joe Howell was Indiana in this hostile of an environment, able to fall down by as many as 15 points. Find a way to win this ball game.


Man, they, they've done that all, all postseason guys. They, they've been relentless, they've been gritty and they've been tough even when they're down. You know, when the game started off and I knew, and I seen that re was starting at the five and Hartenstein wasn't starting. I was wondering, I was like, okay, maybe they don't want hungry playing against Pa Pascal, aka that's a bad match up for Hung. And you could tell he kind of hungs kind of struggled all night because yes, at pace that the Pacers play with, but the guard play was elite. I thought those dudes, they battled, they competed and it was fun to watch, man. But I'm gonna be honest with y'all. I I, I didn't see this, I didn't see this.


I thought OKC gonna take care of business. They had to leave pretty much the whole time pouring bread. What happened, baby Joe? You know, that's what happened when you got the big balls at the end. You think about, and You know what, and Shannon, here's the thing was crazy. Joe came over earlier. I thought he had played in the damn game. The look on his face. I was like said you cannot play Joe. I understand the parlays and all that, but the thing you that you have, you have a team that Israel, you have a Rick Carlisle believes in the scene. You have these guys believe in each other and everybody says Nay Smith, all these other guys who come in and they plays over and over again OKC.


To me, this is what I said before this series. And I still feel that Indiana's gonna win this series because I think championship experience and I believe here, here's what I really believe. I believe that OKC have hasn't been there before. So at the end of that game, a lot of those guys who were knocking down shots, Joe, they won't ice open no more. They don't, don't, they didn't, they weren't playing that way no more. At the end of the game, they got tight and Ocho you've seen it before. Yeah, you've seen it before Shannon. When guys get tight and then lets get tight, you don't know what to do. If somebody would've told me, Ocho, I'm gonna turn over to you. If somebody would've told me the Indiana's gonna turn the ball over 25 times, 25, the other team OKC is only gonna turn it over seven times and they was gonna win the game.


I would've never believed that. I don't know the last time I've seen a team turn the ball over this, they had 19 turnovers in the first half. I'm like, bro, if y'all can, and I was going, I was looking forward to come on and say, You know what, I think they got a chance to win. If they say if they can get 10, I mean 12 or fewer turnover. Right? So you cut your turnover in half, that gives you more opportunity to at least get the ball a shot up. Ocho watching this ball game and, and Shaa was doing this thing, like I said, he said to hell with efficiency from the very first playoff game because he got 36 points, but it took him 30 shots to get it. Yeah. He's gonna be ultra aggressive. What is it about what you saw from OKC?


Because I'm sure you was thinking like, damn kc Listen, I'm, I'm gonna be honest with y'all watching the game Joe and, and Corn. I thought, I thought the game was over. I thought the game was over because it easy, consistently OKC kept scoring. Yeah, listen, obviously they build a lead. They go to 15 goddamn Indiana come back, then they go on another stretch, they go on another run, they get another lead. Well I say, well God damn, the Pacers keep turning the goddamn damn ball over. So at any point when they actually do have a chance to get back in the game, boom, the goddamn thunder going on a run. So I'm thinking the game is over. So I'm sitting back, I'm relaxing. They get to the fourth quarter. Okay? Okay. Both, both ends, both ends of the court, both teams is doing well, and all of a sudden the goddamn thunder started missing shots and then they got damn pace to start In shots.


Where was, what was Chad hungry? Where was Chad hungry in this game at the end? Hey, I I what was, what was Chad at Chad is Chad is supposed to be that dude, You know, that's going to be, he's the second fifth guy. He he was invisible in this game. Yeah. And you have to have those tiered guys step up. You said it before Shannon. You had seven guys, almost seven guys on that pacer team who scored the basketball. Yeah. You had some guys over there on that other side that did just kind of dis they Casper on 'em at the end. They disappeared. And you can't do that in big games. Well, I, I'm what's surprising to me guys, and Joe, let me know what you think about this.


Why would you change your starting lineup? You've been starting Isaiah Hartenstein the whole season, the entire playoffs. I'm, I'm going to dictate, I'm going to dictate to you, I am not gonna let you bring your ass in my house and dictate what I'm gonna serve for dinner. You going to eat what the hell I put on the table or you gonna go hungry or take your ass home? Hey, look, I agree. I agree. My thing is it ain't the fact that, okay, yeah, I, I was worried when they changed the lineup, but down the stretch, man, you got everybody out there six, seven and under. We playing backyard basketball. Ain't nobody really got no advantage. That's, that's actually plays in Indiana hands when you play, correct? Yeah. Play Small Like Thatall getting one shot.


You ain't got no offensive rebounding ability. Yeah. And they killing you in the inside. So I thought OB Toppin played great. He kept him in the game. He, after he slowed down and stopped turning the ball over as long as he catch and shoot crash the blast, man, he good. He's perfect for this game right here. This is perfect for him. And I thought he shined. Hey, You Know, give Rick Carlisle huge points. Give Rick Carlisle huge points. I mean, listen, because he did not let those guys give up. And that is what the, that's what championship Mel away. He's the, he's the only guy out there from championship experience as a coach, right? The other, other gentleman over there, not championship experience. And I think it showed a little bit in this game.


And the, the funny thing about it is if we talk about giving the coach credit, right? The coach can do all the coaching he want, but it comes to the players to be able to execute and not even give up all the way to the last few seconds of the goddamn game. Cornbread them. Boy, were losing. They was down and refuse to give up. They, they refuse to give up. And God, Halliburton, who they claim is Mr. Overrated. He's supposed to be so bad, man. I I, I tell you what I love about Joe, I, I thought, oh Joe, this is what I loved about it at the end of that game, and you and I played in it, you guys have played in, in football at the end of that game in that stadium, you coulda heard the damn mouse piss on Cotton Did there.


That should be, that is a thrilling thing. A bail of cotton, not a cotton ball a bell. Love It. A be of it. Yeah. Hold On, hold on. Hey, hold on. Unc, I got one question for you. I got one question for you and Joe Cornbread. I already know where you going with it now? I asked you before the series started, huh? And Joe, both of you picked the thunder to win the series. Yes. And I just want, I just wanna know after tonight's game, as bad as the pace was played, are you still sure you wanna stick with the thunder to win the series? I want to go seven games. I didn't, I didn't want to. I don't want it to go five or less because then we, what the hell we gonna talk about? Right? So I need to go all the way. I need to go all the way to damn near July. Okay. Okay. Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe.


It's one game Baby This's. Why? It's a series. You hear me? Oh, it's a series. Gimme me now. I just wanna make sure I I wanna make sure we on point. Now you pick the thunder. I picked, I picked the, I picked the Pacers, right? So you have to understand each, each game, each game that's played is a hundred dollars bet. No we didn't. We got to talk about that for the game. You can't come, you can't come in, you can't come in here like that. Man. You got that. Establish that for the Game Star. We made a friendly bet. All right. That's what you In the last series, I tried to run that on you against the Knicks. You wouldn't, you weren't going remember I said that to you? No. What, what are we talking about? We talked about this before when series started. No, not a game, but not a hundred dollars a game, aren't you? No, I'm saying it's a five game series.


Listen, a five game series six seven game series. Each game is a hundred dollars depending on who team win. Well you slick boy. Okay, I'm, I'm gonna let let you, I'm gonna let you finish, but I didn't realize it. They got beat OKC normally beat people up on the glass and they ever beat 'em by plus 17 they ball, huh? Thank you. They playing that little Joe. That ain't my problem. You decided to switch your line up. Up. So what you want me to do? Listen, now why I was thinking when the game started, I'm like, man, what harness style at? But I know what they were thinking. They did not go hungry after that. Guarding Pascal aka that would've been a tough match up for him.


He wouldn't have been able to guard him on the perimeter, but I would've went down the stretch. I would've had some size in that down the stretch or something. Man, come on now. But here's the problem that you run into is that when you go small like that, now you get cleaned up on the glass. That's, and now you're letting them Cornbread, You know, you letting them get second chance opportunities. Now you giving somebody a second crack at you, it's Ocho and I feel Ocho it's like third down. Yeah, you all you hope to do is get the third down. But hell, if you let 'em capitalize and can't get off the field, what have you done? You force a missed shot. But if you can't get the rebound, you've done nothing. Now you gotta play an extra possession and sooner or later that catches up with you. I was really surprised. And that's what Golden State was really good at. Golden State was good at forcing other teams to play that small ball.


Yeah. You know when they had Aunt I dollar and they were playing, You know, basically Draymond at the five and everybody feel like, yeah, we gotta play like that. But y'all don't play like that. They do? Yeah. Okay. See you play two bigs, you are one of the few teams that currently in the NBA that still play too bigs. So why wouldn't this in the most important games of your, of, of this young team assembled life, why would you go small when your advantage is to have two bigs? Hold on, hold Sometimes you overthink it. That's what it happens. You overthink the process. You got there with this one girl, then all of a sudden you change. We're in the wrong place right now. We need to be outside in, in front of OKC right now with that alcohol.


You guys are we made, we made so much tell funny because there's gonna be some people pissed off and then while they get drunk, please. Yeah. And bread. Hey bread Joe and I, I I got a question. Listen, y y'all, y'all y'all are basket basketball, basketball sance, You know, in, in general. So let's say they changed their line up, right? You say you they always went with they two bigs. What happens when you play against a team like the Indiana Pacers that run up and down the court and transition? Do you think they understand that those two bigs might be a liability offensively and de league regardless of, regardless of the boards in general? Lemme ask you a question. La I put put it to you in football terms. Y'all played the Cincinnati Bengals play three wides.


Y'all and your team, the team the good, really good. Are you going chase it? You know what, they got really good. So infl, instead of playing three wives, we gonna go two Tyson, two and two wives. No, I'm gonna do what I did to get me there. So now if you gonna play that small ass lineup, I'm gonna punish your ass inside. I'm gonna punish you on the glass. Like they, because see they're used to playing AKA and, and, and, and, and Miles Turner. Yeah. Right. You are not used to playing Wallace. Wallace doesn't start hartenstein the two bigs. Like I said, they're one of the few teams that still play old like you guys used to play. Y'all had a true big and a true four. It wasn't no stretch, nothing you stretched before you went into the game.


That was the only stretch that we would be, that was the only stretch that was going on Cornbread. And so I'm surprised that OKC did this and one of the, this is the most important, this nucleus and dog knots. This is the most important series of their career. And he switched it up and I just don't know why. Well, I think that sometimes again, you overthink the process. You do. And for me, I remember playing the Lakers instead of getting smaller, we got bigger. We had seven footers all around ml, parish, bird, myself, we got bigger. So you want to attack a team like that on the glass. That was OK C'S weakness.


Everybody in the beginning of this series talked about one person I heard defensively new Dora. What was he gonna do defensively? Well, Dora is probably about six four. You got those guys up there, 6, 8, 6, 9. And he played a great game. But there were guys who disappeared. I stayed like you, I'm I'm like you about dinner. If you come to my damn house, don't be telling me you, You know, you, you don't, you don't eat this and you ain't, you don't eat that. Okay? I, I'm, I'm, I'm like you, You know, I hope you ate before you brought your black ass there because you go get what I heard. You. You're, you're, you're, you're, is that what you are? You're vegan. Well guess what? We have damn poke chops and we here. Exactly.


You know, You know I don't eat. No, You know what we doing? We cooking it with damn Crisco. That's what about all other stuff you talking about? Listen, I mean you look bro, they had, Pascal had 19 points, 10 rebounds, Aren nesmith, 10 points, 12 rebounds. Tyree Halliburton, 14 points, 10 rebounds, miles turner, 15 points, nine rebounds. You had four guys with damn near double figure rebounds. You look the flip side. What did Chad do? When did Chad give you tonight? Chad, Chad gave you six to six. He's two for nine.


Two for nine. He gave you 6.6 rebounds. Isaiah Stein gave you nine points, nine rebounds. And so you didn't have what? They had almost four guys in double figures. You had no guys in double figures. Yeah. And you had a guard that had as many rebounds as your biggest rebounder. So you, you you played into their hands. Look, if I'm gonna get beat, I'm gonna, I got, I I've got to get, now I can make an adjustment brand. I can always tell, You know this, we can always make adjustment, but I'm coming out with what has got me there and then I'll see how the game is playing out and then I'll make an adjustment accordingly. I agree man. Surprise. I hope. Thank you. I like you Joe. Get surprised the hell out of me.


The fact that they changed what had gotten them there. Yeah. Martin Stein, what we know he is, he's aggressive on the offensive glass. Yes. He's aggressive defense. And, and your and your tendency defensively, your your strengths has always been those two guys running the floor, those two white towers being in there, being able to cut things off. You took one of the towers away and Indiana feasted on the glass. And that's how, mind you, they stayed in this basketball game. And another thing guy Joe, no, I'm gonna let you go Joe, another thing that defense, we talked about, they're allowed Indiana to shoot 48% from the floor and 46% from the three.


And we talked about their defense, we talked about Lou Dork, we talked about Wallace, we talked about Caruso, we talked about Isaiah, Joe, we talked about all these guys. Where was that defense? Because it doesn't mean anything. Your defense, your offense is only a good, what can I get done when I absolutely gotta have it done, Brad? If I got a guy and we lead our offense, we lead the league in scoring and I got a guy that leads the league in scoring, what good is that? If I, and down the clutch, I can't crunch time, I can't get, I can't get a bucket. Right? So all this defense that they, and they are, they're, they're the number one defensive team. They lead in steel, they lead in deflections, they lead in field goal percentage. They are a very good team.


But you needed that tonight. And you allow the team to shoot 48% from the floor and 46% from the three. That'll get you beat on most nights. But I'm surprised that the Pacers were able to stay around with 25 turnovers. Hey, hey guys. I Think You know when they got down, what they were down like 15? 15? Yeah. They, they started playing that desperation. Basketball, You know, they started playing desperation basketball to where they start making threes. And You know like when you down like that, you start to play a little loose 'cause you're trying to get back in the game. And once they cut it to about six, I was like, all right, now all right.


Nah, look, I was sitting there comfortable too. I'm ready to get on nothing. I was a little fat. I say man, no I done tow the house up over here by neck. But I, man, I I have never seen Joe Johnson who was one of the coolest dudes around. Come on before this game and look like and look like Trash Joe. What is going on? Joe was a dude. I'm like, Joe looked like he was frustrated like Joe just ran off the damn court. I was like Joe, you alright? Yeah. Hey listen Joe got some relevance. He got some relevance to play with OKC. Man listen, I got some Razorbacks over there man. Hey listen, hey look, when, when you watch the game, like it's hard for me to just sit here and just really enjoy 'cause I be so immersed into the game and I'm like, you analyze it.


OKC got control of this. And then Indiana just relentless man. Relentless. Look Nay Smith, not Nay Smith Nihar Nihar Nihar down the stretch. He was a go-to guy. Yeah, yeah. He was a go-to guy. He the one that was making plain, Hey, You know what I thought I, You know what I thought OKC had it 'cause ne Smith throw the ball and he goes and he goes up and he didn't go up as strong as he needed to be. And then all of a sudden what could have, you could have taken a lead. Now all of a sudden they cut back down the court and Shaa gets a layup. And I'm like, fuck out. Dang. I said, man, you that just that. I said they done, they done lost the game.


Now O Ocho I can tell you what happened. I'm gonna tell you why Joe is feeling this plan. It ain't the game. Some damn dead presidents he's losing right now. Damn. President's what it is? Lincolns see grants and whatever they, he's spin right now. Them things walking away. That's why he's frustrated right now. Listen, long, long, As long as I get my end, he owed me a hundred dollars. Now All that time, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill. Hey listen, Chad Homer's guy, they gotta give us something guys. Listen. Absolute, I think they gotta go back. They gotta go back with the big lineup. 'cause you done tried this small ball and, and it ain't, it don't, it don't fit you. It fits Indiana. It's in Indiana's favor.


Yeah. Yeah. So, because down the stretch when you look they can't get no second chance opportunity. Do miss no, You know if you have Einstein the re in there when Shay do miss a mid, maybe they'll tip it out. You get another opportunity. Yeah. But you getting one shot and now you gotta get back on defense. So I didn't like it man. I ain't like the startup. I ain't like the change the lineup man. You the number one team in the NBA Cornbread, Ocho, Unc, why are you switching things up? Make them people adjust to you. Well hold on Joe. Exactly. Hey uncle, I'm gonna ask you again though, Joe, listen. You, let's say they do go big. I mean as, as a coach, you got to make adjustments and understanding that this transition Offensive I ain't make before the game. Hey, we ain't pretty Wait because you already know they a liability on defense.


If you don't get that goddamn rebound, they down the court running the four by one. Okay. With the easy point. You know what I think, You know what? Now playing it back in my head, I think OKC looked at the series before Cleveland. What did Cleveland do? Play two bigs, right? Cleveland got ran off the court. See, so he, he looked, I believe he looked, I believe Eddie, he looked at it like that. And also the Knicks. The Knicks had success. They had success with what? When they brought Mitchell Robinson and Caddy in because Mitchell Robinson can protect also. Now you got, Kat can do what he wanted because Kat is not a defender and he really doesn't wanna play the five. He wants to play the four. You let Mitchell Robinson. So I think that played a role in, I think OKC looked at those two and they say, man, they ran and and remember Cleveland is a good defensive team.


Yeah. They got ran off the court, they got beat four one. You saw what they did to the Knick. They didn't have home court, they ran them off the court. So KC said, You know what, let me switch it up. I ain't switching up nothing. You gonna have to, you gonna beat me, but you're gonna beat me at my best right now if now, You know, I I get it game two. Okay. I might have to make some adjustments, but I'm not make, I'm not making no, I'm not making, no, I'm not making no adjustments before I have to make adjustments. That's what I'm saying. Come on now. Brent. Brent. I'm like, You know what? Hey, my car cranking just fine and everything's rolling. Good. Hey man, change my transmission.


I want you to change the battery too for no reason. For no reason can, it can no, can it check in engine light. Come on, can cannot crank before I start this in this next game right here. Woo. Okc, there gonna be some assholes gonna be tight in there, man. When you Play a game like that and you, and you got the in your home, this is a, I'm sorry, but this is a must win game for them. Absolutely. Absolutely. This is the must win game. And and Joe, Joe they did y'all come back, Joe died bread. Come on now. The right parlay Joe picked the wrong parlay.


You got the right, Hey, Hey, hey Unc, hey on Bread and Joe, right? Listen, yeah, if the coach made a decision to go small right against the Pacers in the first game, is he gonna change it back in the second game? Is he gonna really sit there and take that sword and fall on that sword and say, You know what? I made the wrong decision if you What I chose the dude didn't work. If a smart, if you a smart coach, you make, do you see that adjustment that you have to make? That's why I said in the beginning of this series, it favored the Pacers because they had a coach who had championship experience. Yeah. It also been there with Larry Bird in Indiana when they played and playing for a championship.


He's won one before. He's won one in Boston. So his experience, I think showed in that game. And he was definitely what you said the old time, I think Shannon, he was great at saying, go on to the next play, go on to the next play. And that's what happens. You if you believed in your coach. And now when you have players over there second guessing what the coach is saying, that's gonna be one thing because you could see the look on everybody's face. I don't know why we're not there right now, man. We could be selling shots like a mug up in there. We be, You know, Joe, we be making so much damn money, You know. Oh Mike, that's, that's, I go next year, next year we gonna take the show on the road.


We going, hey, we going, we gonna talk, we gonna talk to Adam Silver, say Adam, hey a, we we want, we on go on, we want to go on the road, we wanna be a, we ain't gotta, we we be in the hallway, we'll be in the atrial. We ain't gotta get, gotta get your liquor license. Make sure you got your liquor license. That's all. Get your liquor license, Shannon. That's all I'm saying. Listen, hey y'all take this show on the road now y'all gonna have to cut me in or cut it out. All right. Yeah, y'all have to cut me in or cut it out. I'm telling you right now. Cut me in or cut it out. Listen man, I ain't disappointed man. Don't worry about it. Yeah, but that's Ocho. I give my cat Ocho I give you prime example the Super Bowl.


Yeah. Talk to me. What did the Eagles defense do all year? They played cover two. Oh yeah, the entire season they played, they played two, I think they played one or two snaps. Yeah. Of single high safety in the Super Bowl. Yeah. They were a cover two team. Can you imagine if all of a sudden, instead of being a cover two team, all of a sudden they come out and they gonna say, You know what, we gonna play single high or we gonna play quarters. Well that's not what you've done all here to get you to this point. Now if I'm going out there, if you start to gash me in what I'm doing now, I got to make an adjustment. Why would I make an adjustment before I have to? Right. When you've been the best team all year, you've been, you won 68 games, you one of the few teams that's won at least 80 games before you reach the finals and then all of a sudden you let this team and granted India is playing.


Well, I don't think, I think all four of us can agree India has played well. I think they've been the biggest surprise and the NBA playoff this year, they beat the 64 win team. They beat and they've been the underdog. They beat the Bucks, they beat Cleveland, they beat the Knicks. They been and they've been the underdog. You know what, if they were to pull this off in the last 30 years, this might be the biggest this might, this might be considering this might be, this might be Detroit LA beating LA in oh three. This might be the Mavericks beating the heat in 2011. Because think about what they, the gauntlet that they've gone through, they've been the underdog.


Yeah. In the first round, in the second round, the third round and the finals. And they're going up against the final, the, the MVP of the league. And the best offense, the best defense. But Shannon say, Shannon, be truthful about this thing. The Pacers have played better than anybody in the playoffs. They played, they've outplayed them. They, they outplayed everybody. And that includes O-K-C-O-K-C played and they've been okay. Right. And, and some games they struggle. But the patients have been the best playing team during this NBA finals during the, during this whole NBA playoff. They've been the best team. So it, it shouldn't surprise us and at the end of the game for them to make that shot.


Oh my God. Oh, it was when you shot it. I could just, I could feel, I could feel the things you were talking about. I can feel, Joe, I I could feel Joe's pain when he came on. I could feel O Joe's Pride when he was sitting there and then, You know, and my parlay baby, what's on? You gotta chill. Hey you gotta, bro, you 17, you gotta think about, I mean look at Joe. If guys we think about, look who they beat, they beat first team unanimous, all NBA selection. Giannis. Yeah. They beat defensive player of the year. Evan Mobley, they beat, he was a first team all NBA Donovan Mitchell, they beat third team. Jalen Brunson was an all NBA selection.


I mean, so look at, look now you got Shaa Shaa, unanimous, MVP, Jalen Williams 13 Do I think Dot was on the all defensive team. Well, tell me Shannon, you're saying that, tell me the player in Indiana that we're saying is the Allstar player. Nobody Halle, the the said when you didn't Halle go to the Ley, went to the All Star game this year, right? Nah, nah, he didn't. But he but he and Fian Star. Yeah, he star. He's the star. Him and Stockham. They they are they star now Superstar. They stars. Yeah, they and I, they they, but the thing is they're by committee.


The only thing that You know is that late in the ball game, if you need a shot to win a tie, Halle Bird's going take it. Woo. Yeah. You can't let him he bread. He just, just like everybody knew if that game was laid, the ball game. Y'all know 33 33 is gonna take out y'all keep fooling around at aint show. What was, what was, I'm trying to figure out what Hall Burton's dad's mother did in that game. Was he doing card wheels out there? I mean he was killed. He, he on probation already. So he kept his Yeah, yeah. No, I mean that's my son out there. I'm doing a cartwheel out there in the middle of the court. No, don't do that. That got you, that got you put in jail.


You that a hey you already on, they gonna revoke your parole. Look, I'm tell you what, the way that game played out is, I'm just like, all you guys right now looking at it, in the beginning of this game, everybody had Indiana not playing. And then the turnovers like you said Joe, I kept doing like this. I'm like, damn, another turnover. Damn. Throw the ball out. I thought blown down. And then all of a sudden they reel him back in. Joe, you've been there before. Oh Joe, you've been there before Shannon. I know you've been there before out there. What they call get your fishing pole out there and you reel that sucker and you reel him in, you hook him and then you pulling him back in.


He might go a little bit further, but you got him on that line. You got that thing in his mouth out. Little hook like that. He, he said Ocho know about fishing though. Caught red, red. You gotta stop talking. Ocho don't know nothing about setting no hook. He don know nothing about no short fishing. He don't know about no flat. Ain't no flathead. He don't know no about no butter cat, no China cat, no speckle cat. He don't know nothing about that. About no crap. No white perks. No. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Listen. He's talking about fishing, right? You talk about actual fishing now? Yeah. Now there's, there's, there's other perspectives in a different context I can talk about. And you use the same thing y'all talking about when It No, I still Know how to catch. Don't Don't do that.


I know how to cancel that. We're on probation. We on probation. Don't y we're on probation. Oh, we can't get too soon. Too soon. Yeah, Too soon. Too soon. Bad. Oh, I know how to fish. Yeah. Yeah. You know you get too like that too. Ocho you you good hunter? Oh, I'm hunter now. I know my baby watching. Hey, hey, hey, hey Shannon. Yeah. Two leg hunting. But that's okay. We gonna talk about that. We'll talk about that day. About three, four months. We talk about that. It's true. My bad. Apologies. My apologies. But you got sick. But think about it. When the pacers, when the Pacers win ball games, look at the stat line. Look how many guys they have in double figures. They're gonna have at least at bare minimum. Five, sometimes they get six.


Even last game they had seven guys in double figures and those guy, and, and that's hard to plan for because you like, okay, we got a key on, we gonna key on Jaylen Williams and we going to key on Shea. If somebody else goes hay wine gives us 25 30, we can live with that. Yeah. All the paces gonna do is have a bunch of 19, 17, 14, 13, 15, 16. You have two nines and a eight. Joe. Joe, did you happen to see that play? Kinda at the end of the game when I thought it was Sha got pushed, SHA got out and he pushed the, he pushed the opposition away.


That is a little crack to me. 'cause that you're gonna see that from Sha No, he sees. Oh, but all of a sudden he, he did, he did. Like Shannon Sharpe did at that lake game that time with Joe. I kept bringing it up. I'm sorry Joe. Every time I think about it, I can see Shannon on the floor. Bring your ass over here then. Bring your ass. Bring your ass. Okay. Bring your ass. Bring your ass. And he, You know, when he told me Joe, he told me I didn't, I didn't step on the floor. I'm like, who held the damn you did step over the damn floor? No, I did. I did. I ain't never, look, I looked down the damn camera angle. Oh you like this? Bring your ass over here. I'm like, yeah, I looked down the feet.


I like, hold on, let, lemme get feedback. I don't wait. Y'all ain't on the floor. Did you have some? But, but Huh? Did you have some in your system that night? No. No, no. No. Okay. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't. Only time if it's gotta be a private event, I don't, I don't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't drink out in public like that. Hell no. Right. Sometimes, You know, like sometimes though you be in certain situation now, regardless of your environment, you gotta stand up for yourself. You just can't let 'em do any kinda weight when the camera's around. Absolute. Absolutely. But I was, I was, I was surprised. And I agree with you Brad. I thought, You know, I thought they let 'em play to a certain, they were letting him play out. I'm like, well damn that ain found that ain't Oh yeah. Yeah. Letting them play tonight. That, that, that was, that was eighties basketball. That was Yes.


Yes. Basketball where it was physical. It was a lot of bumping. There was a lot of pushing gra. And what it does, it favors Indiana because they're the more physical team. Indiana Pacers are the more physical team. OKC is more of the finesse team. And because of that, the finesse at the end got pushed around by the team that was more aggressive. That was Indiana. Man, they gotta have some size in the game fellas. This is why OKC lost man. Y'all know that man. Come on. They had that lead kinda left. Let let they foot off the gas a little bit and Indiana is gonna do what they've been doing.


The whole postseason. Man, they gonna keep playing to the buzzer sound now. Yeah. At the last five to seven minutes. When you playing small ball, that's gonna work in Indiana favor. Man. You don't have no size in there to come back. Nothing defensively. You can't get no offensive rebound. They limited you to one shot and they pushing it down your throat. Yeah. I just thought KC Yeah, like, like you said Cornbread. They, they overthought it. Man. Why would you change up your lineup like that? Okay, if it don't work in the first five minutes, okay, we'll make some subs and we'll get some guys in. But outside of that, I'm not letting y'all change what we've done all year. We are the best. We're the best team and we've been playing this way all year. Yeah. And now I get to the game and all of a sudden I'm gonna change what I do.


It's like, like when they, when I heard them say they had to change the lineup, I was like, well why would they do that? Yeah. Because I was, because that's what I did. I was looking at it. 'cause I'm looking at, I'm like, hold on, this guy said, I'm like, man, hold on. Wallace doesn't normally start and they didn't dawn him. I'm like, well who normally starts? I was like, well somebody must have got hurt And then I see hardest time say hardest time supposed to be up on that first line. Yeah. Not in the second line. Because what happens, like you said guys, if you notice Indiana, okay, they starting to make a comeback now. They miss a shot. Guess what they can do? Get another opportunity. Yep. Yep. Because somebody, hey somebody get a rebound. 'cause you don't really have no size in it. Basically you got guard all guards.


Oh you got shaa of guard. Lou dot a guard. Wallace is a guard, A wing of a guard and you play with Chad and Chad like a hungry, laid like a guard. Played like a guard. He wants to be a guard. He don't, like I said, he, he look, You know, You Know what's funny? It it is. You know what's funny? Everybody, everybody already, it seemed like they crowned at thunder before the series even started. Now we talk about now that thunder loses. They had the whole game won obviously until the last three, two minutes, whatever it may have been. Now Joe and Unc Cornbread even you said what they need to do and do what they've always done the past few series starting their two bigs. Right now, You know what's gonna happen. I'm gonna tell you how, I'm gonna tell you how the basketball Gods work. They gonna start they two bigs and then get their ass ran off the goddamn court in the game.


Stop, Stop it ain going I'm, I'm telling you, listen, I'm, I guarantee you that's what happens. I I it's just, it's just a but Ocho in general, it's just a general, would you, lemme ask you a question, would you rather lose your way or lose somebody else's way? I I I'd rather lose my, I that's what I, I, I, I got, I gotta, I like Brad said, I gotta, I gotta dance with what got me there. I, I'm not Finn to change because hey man, you need to change. No, let me see what they got going on. And then I got me a change of clothes in the car. So if I'm overdressed, if I'm overdressed, I take my ass to the car and then I'll come back. But I'm not Finn to change you. Hey man, you gonna be overdressed And then I walk up in there with blue jeans on, there's a black tie fare.


Nah, I'm gonna bring you change of clothes and then I'll dress accordingly and see what's going on. That's a good one. Now you okay boy, where where you gonna change your clothes at? You out in the car or you Yeah. Yeah. You know, we changing, we changing the car. You, you, that ain't never been, ain't never been no problem for us. You know? I said man, but I was but look, you gotta go back. I mean the last time I think it was LeBron, I think it was what, 20 was that? 2017? 2017 when he was hitting all those game winners. You remember he hit that one against Andy and he hit that one against Toronto and he played up Hallberg is ha, I I don't, I can't remember a guy hitting this many game winning or game time shots in one playoff run.


You're right, right. And I mean, and you can see these plays though. And Joe was good at this. I I wasn't that dude 'cause we had Larry Bird guys like that, but man, you want MVP in the finals playing with Larry Bird. What did you talk about? I wa I was pretty much a bitch. I can tell you that. But, but, but, but I know at the end of the game when that ball was going to be shot, I was gonna be able to get a bound 'cause you had bird shooting the basketball. What we look at Halliburton right now, this might be that this, this is the craziest thing. We think about a guy that all the other players in the NBA said it was the most over overrated, overrated player. And now they stepped up and kicking ass and taking names every single game.


That is ridiculous. And You know it's coming, you and I can see it at the end when they got the ball out I was like, oh no, it's not gonna happen. Oh yeah, it can't happen again. It can't happen again. No, it can't. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, think about it. He's hit game winning shots. He's hit game. Remember he hit the game winning layup against Milwaukee. Yeah. He hit the game, hit two game winning shots against Cleveland, hit the game winner against the Knicks and here and here we are again. He's got five game winning shots. And if I'm not mistaken, hell all of 'em might be in this, in this playoff run. He's been, he's been phenomenal Man.


I hey I I Halle has been great early in the game for me though guys, he, he, he, he's not aggressive enough. It's like he just kinda, he's so passive and he let everybody else kind of make plays. Yeah. But let him hang around and he get him a chance in that fourth quarter he gonna come alive Key O and he made that o Obe top was Keyto, OBE top was key tonight. Lemme ask how many times he shoot that. Lemme ask you this. Go ahead. How many times have you seen that from the great Michael Jordan games where he just coast along, get up with other people involved and then at the end of the game You know what the assassin's gonna be and because he got other people involved in the game now you can't run away from the nim hearts, you can't run away from all these guys.


Mount Turner had a huge three. Everybody started hitting shots because now he had them involved. They were confident and you could see the wind just being taken out of the cells of what was going on in OKC. It was, if it, for me, this is Joe, I'm like you about this and I'm sure you guys are like this in football. My me, my best thing I used to love OSHA was I used to love when I went to somebody else's arena and I saw damn kids start crying when they would leave the game. I love, I love that. It's like, You know, they lost something. Like that was my, that was my, that was my pet peeve. I loved it.


Yeah. And you look at a late, that ball game, Nihar Nihar was going one-on-one, so gimme the ball. Yeah. Can you the ball, Hey, You know what he going that folks, he, he played with Shaa so he comfortable playing against Shea. Yeah. You know, he played on the same national team so it ain't like, You know, this ain't foreign to him. He like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I got this. 'cause confidence was oozing outta him late in the game. Ocho that boy was getting to it, you hear me? Yeah. Yeah. And, and it was like they, they was breaking down the defense so much that they was getting wide open jumpers. I'm like, man, what is KC doing, Joe, how much that parlay was tonight? Not that you gonna get it, but I'm just saying how that I, I've, I would've got 12 bands, man. I would've man somebody get somebody get Joseph Damn Al Celon because there that damn stuff he stuff running down after that shot that ho it had to be some brown stuff running down his leg.


Hold on, hold on Joe. Joe, you was gonna lose because they was favored. They, you were, you didn't cover the spread man. I wasn't talking about no spread Unc. I had a couple players who was going to do what they was doing and I was finna win. You, me, well a thousands. Yeah man. For a little of nothing too Ocho I ain't bet. But a little of nothing. Damn. Yeah, guess what? And you got a little or nothing so it's even fuck yeah. Hey that, hey, that would've been, that would've been, that would've been nice boy. That've been nice about for me. You talking about for me, you, we could have split that. No, nah, nah, nah. Hey, check this out guys. Game one of the pacers, it was their fifth comeback victory from a deficit of 15 or more points in the 2025 NBA playoffs.


That's the most bad team in a single postseason since 1998. Check this out. The Pacers, the Bucks had 'em, the bucks were up seven points in the final 35 seconds with a 98% chance to win. They lost. They were, the Cavaliers had 'em down seven points in the final minute. What a 96% chance of winning and they lost the Knicks had a 99.7% win rate. Up 14 in the final three minutes. They lost the thunder had a 96% chance of winning the game up nine in the final three minutes. The Pacers one off four, You know, since what, since 1998, only four teams have won a playoff game despite leading for the thir 30 seconds or less.


In 1999, the Spur game two Western conference finals, they only led 10 seconds. The Mavs 2001 game five in the first round 30 seconds. Lakers game four West finals, 2002 13 seconds. Take them, take them numbers, take them numbers you just got, take it to the nearest bathroom and go flush it down the damn toilet. That's what you do with them. That, that's what I hate about all these guys. Right now with all the sta joke that we look at Ocho, when people start getting to a game, a game is about heart at the end of the game. Yeah. Football, baseball, whatever it is. All the analytics that we wanna go down, all these numbers you give Shannon, when you say 98% this, that and the other 98, you got have a set of balls at the end and that's what wins games.


I don't care who you are. I seen, I saw Joe, I saw Joe put down Paul Pierce with a, a hesitating dribble. You remember that lady? He was trying to steal the ball from you Joe. And I was like, I was like, I damn boy. And I was like, Paul, I'm like, I'm like, yeah, damn Paul. I said damn. I said, and, and, and here's the worst thing about it, Shannon. That game was in Boston and when Paul went down and, and didn't get the ball, I guess. Exactly. Hey look, hey Brent, Brent, You know, You know Boston draft me, man, I love coming back that fast crowd. It was nothing better than that.


It was nothing better than that. The Pacers led for a grand total of 0.3 seconds. Check this out, corre, you gonna love this stat. NBA teams were owe in 1 21 went down by seven or more points in the final three minutes of regulation in the NBA finals over the last 28 post seasons. Wow. Zero for 1 21. Wow. But what does that do right now? Oh, oh, I, I know. Oh, and it got it. One for 1 21 in in the others up one, one game and now all the pressure is on the young basketball team. Now can they come back? They got a possibility. 'cause I mean, I don't think I've seen anybody, Joe, you are iso one on one.


This damn sha is different. Damn. He he is, he he's a, he. Let's use the word we like you. He's a bitch. He, that's how we would say he was. I was playing against them. We be a bitch. Yo, that dude's a bitch man. He's a bitch. Hey, them boys out there playing though. They, I I'm talking about both teams. Guard wise. They, they playing great defenses. Physical. I love to see it, man. The competition level's at an all time high, but man, OKC can't play that small ball against Indiana. I'm sorry guys. They gotta, no, they gotta get back to strong boys. Hey. Honestly, honestly, y if, if you think about it and you look at the way things are played out, not only during the regular season, you look, look at the way things are played out during the playoffs, the analytics, the stats, the numbers, everything you, you draw, you've written down the way the game played tonight.


Do you not see how the basketball guards have this thing lined up for the patience to win? Can, can you not see it? You can, you can see it like it's playing itself out in real time and a lot of people aren't paying attention to it because they're not looking at the past. They just listen. It, it, it's, it's right there for you. So if you are a gambling man, if you are a gambling woman, if you play in that world of parlays and all that stuff, bets your money with the pacers. I don't do it, but I'm, I'm just telling Joe, Joe, that's why you lost a night. True. Chill. Chill. They gonna bounce. I'm, I'm they gonna, they gotta bounce back. They don't have a choice. Hell nah. Pa pass gal in game one 19 points 10 rebounds joins Dale Davis as the only pacers with a 1510 game in the finals.


OB topping game one 17 points five rebounds, five made three pointers only. Reggie Miller has more. Three point made in a game in franchise finals history. Despite the loss, Shaa dropped off almost a 40 piece. He had 38 points, five rebounds, three steals. That is the most points in a finals debut since AI had 48 in game one. In the 2001 finals against the Lakers. He didn't really get no help though, hon. Honestly. Now Shaa after game one lo game one loss, he said it's a 48 minute game. The Pacers teach you that lesson more than anyone else in the league. The hard way. He's absolutely right.


Yeah. Yeah, he's right. They gonna make you pay for the mistakes and once you get comfortable and you think it's over, they gonna be steady fighting and swinging and they going to catch you and it's gonna be night, night. It's hard. It's hard, Brad, You know, like it's hard to reverse that momentum. You let a team get momentum, they see a couple go in and then you miss a couple. Yeah. Now you start, man, I don't wanna shoot, just let somebody else shoot. Hey, hey, hey, hey, you take, you take it. I want it Uhuh, and then all of a sudden you like, damn, he hit another one. When did never hard turn into Kobe Bryant rest Kobe. So man, what o with the Obie topic turn into Steph Curry.


Yeah. Well, do You know what happens? That is confidence from the coach. Rick Carlisle is giving those guys the green light to play fast. So Rick Carlisle, as, as you would know, Joe at one time was more of a control guy, the way he controlled his players. Yeah. But now I talked to Quinn Buckner who does radio and television for those guys. He said all of a sudden Rick Carlisle said, yo guys, go out there play, play the way you wanna play and we're gonna win the basketball game. 'cause we're gonna be creative. We're gonna, we're gonna have tenacity and we're gonna do something that nobody thinks. Nobody in the NBA right now thought this was gonna, I, I looked at all the experts, especially you got per over there.


He, like I telling him right now, oh yeah, bunch. Oh yeah, you did mature somebody get mature shoes and escalated. You know, this is what I'm gonna do. This is because this is what's gonna happen. Dude. Duke have to play the game. You can't talk about it. You got to play the gate. Hey Joe, think about what you just said too earlier, not too long ago, right? About Halliburton not being aggressive at the beginning of the game, being very passive, but look at the method to his madness, right? He's being passive, allowing everybody else to give themselves in a rhythm, allowing everybody else to gain that confidence that the game goes on and look at the shots they hitting later on in the game. Yeah. Shots count at the most opportune times where it matters most. And then what does Halle do? I'm not saying he has that MABA mentality, I'm just saying he's acting Maba, like, and he been boy, he been doing it all playoff.


Yep. All playoff Long. He has, Hey, the Chad is asking, they want to know Cornbread Joe. Who? The real 31 I the real 31 right here. Damn bro. Ry Joe. Joe, the, the, the, the real 31 is retired up at the Boston Garden. My number two corry. I I who you, Joe, I believe in you, but between you and I right now, because only been 33 guys in the history of the NBA been a thousand N bp. Damn right. You're right, you're right. Hey, I look, but the one thing, the one thing you could have done was at least put my initials in the jerseys or something while hanging up there.


You could have done something for you. Come on now. The 31. Yo, you and I went up, up together baby. We went up together. Don't you worry about it. We went up together. When I pulled it up, I was like, Joe Johnson, that's me and him going up together. Hey, hey, hey. 'cause when I, 'cause when I see it in the rafters, I show my kids, I'm like, yeah, that's that, that was my number right there. That's daddy right there. That's daddy right there Day bad bread. I ain't gonna lie, man. In 81 when y'all came back on the sixes from that three one deficit. Yeah. That was sick. Mm. Why wasn't sick about that? Man, that was, that was, that was as I still, I still give Darryl Donkey the Caldwell Joe for that bull.


He pulled, what, what the hell the fuck he here? That it was one of the toughest series I'd ever played. And, and Shannon, I know you always talk about Joe and Ocho, you guys always talk about what you do the way you picked. But if you've ever been iso on one-on-one with Dr. J on the right, right hand side of the lane and you said 8,000 people start to stand up, oh, you stand get outta way something bad, something bad about to happen. So, so I been in them precious situations. I know what it's like. But yeah, playing the Sixers and playing during those times during the eighties and, and watching Joe play and then the NBA now today it's changed from where, but where I thought it was, but tonight's game was more about the eighties.


Yeah. This was physical, this game. Yeah. I'm knocking you around. This is what I loved about the game. And it seems like it always reverts back to that. At the end of the day, the game verts back to the physical play of the teams. And I think also, Hey, go ahead O Joe. Also, it, it's a testament to the ref too. Somebody has to allow them boys to play. I'm not sure if they got the ref telling the ref listen, letting them boys play obviously in this series. Don't interfere in the game. Don't interfere in the game unless it's an absolute foul and it just has to be called. Let it be Physical. If you got the best don't, you don't see no blood. You don't see no blood. Ain't nothing happen. That was during the eighties. And I saw, I saw that with Magic.


I saw that worthy, You know, during the eighties, that's when they had, they put in the Legent foul because of the Laker Celtics series. When when that bull man, what you call him did that bull job with a current, with with Kevin McCann, snatched cur rabbit ass out the sky. That was hey, you, you used suspend it for the rest of the season with them type of fouls nowadays. Oh yeah. Nah. Hey, they were, y'all was Wild Lab beer. Hey, you remember when Lab Beer came down the bird? Yeah. Yep, yep. You remember when, you remember when Parish punched him about three or four times in the face? That's, that's what was, was Kobe Bryant. God rested his So he was the one last dude that got the two piece.


Her child, his child got it hit and, and dudes now they ain't gonna fight. They don't want nothing. No, no, no, no. That's too much money at stake. Now I tell you, I can tell you like this, it was just like yesterday when I think about the Lakers and I said this last time I was on your show, Shannon. I wouldn't give, if, if Magic was walking across the street right now and, and six dogs were chasing them, I wouldn't call anybody. I'd get my damn phone out. Damn. Take pictures of that's how, that's how and all them guys right now. I hate those guys. Joe. You and I played in the era. Well, we didn't change jerseys and, and Shannon, you played in the era.


Now you see guys after a game, they all holding up the other guy's jersey. Yeah. This guy just kicked your ass. And you, you holding up a jersey. What? Yeah, you, Hey, I look, you couldn't gimme no jerseys. You done got three picks on me. You think I'm going, Hey man, lemme get that jersey. Hell no. I don't want it. Hold on, hold On, hold on, hold on. Cornbread. Now, back, back, back then Bread. When Y'all was playing in the eighties, did y'all, y'all weren't friends outside of the game of basketball? Hell no, man. First of all, Ocho, we ain't have no damn cell phones, so we didn't know we couldn't get a guy's phone number. And I didn't know a guy like that. I didn't wanna know. And I tell you what I didn't do, Joe. This is what I didn't do, Ocho, this is what I didn't do.


I wasn't going to pray with another guy before Chapel or I wasn't doing that. I wasn't doing that. He better pray. I don't hit him in the back or something. That's what I, I, I had to have a head bro. I I didn't believe all that. Like, yo, well my brother, we going do the no dude, dude, no. And that's why I respect what Draymond Green does. From time to time, he crosses the line and he with me during the, the series where they played the subject when he, he kicked Jalen Brown in the head. And I just happened to tell him I said it on there. I said, if he'd been during, during the eighties and that would've happened, oh, somebody went, somebody would've fired his ass up. But, but what he does now, dudes don't do that, Joe.


You know? No, there was a thing, if you filed the guy, if you filed the guy hard, you knew what was gonna happen. You, you ain't knew what you knew who was coming off the bench and you go down for a layup, you already knew what was going happen. It's too much money to lose now bread, they ain't, they ain't throwing no punches. These dude make so much money nowadays, they get suspended for 10 15 gain. That's four $5 million. I, I, I get you. Nah, I I might have to go, Hey bro, hey, don't do that no more, man. Because I don't wanna lose, I don't wanna, I don't wanna lose this. I don't wanna lose this buddy. You know why Shannon, why you saying that? You know you. I, I, that that thing that showed me who you were, I've seen you play football before.


Showed me who you were playing football. Yeah. But that thing you did when you were in, in LA at that game, that didn't tell me nothing thing about losing money. Oh no. But the thing was though, like when we played back, when I came up, oh, you cheat one of our guys. Oh, we gonna get your ass back. Don't worry about, don't even worry about it. Hey Cornbread. Hey uncle. About to come up out that at, at that sweater stall out on bad Cornbread. No, $4,000 cardigan he had on, that's what they was. Wait, hold on. Hey, Cornbread. How much it was? Four. Th he told us, he said it was $4,000. So, You know.


Yeah. You know, he was in be he was in Beverly Hills. That's where he was. He wasn't shopping like me. I go to North Street Ride, that's where I go. He was, he was like, he was in the real north, he was in Beverly Hills someplace on Rodeo Drive by or something like that. I don't even know what he got like that. I supposed cardigan. I ain't never heard of that. Who? That was my uncle who made that. There ain't nobody made it, man. The volume. This is an iHeart podcast.