
Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower.


Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five se SEL limited rear wheel drive. And 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults.


Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear.


It's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com. The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting.


Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the DraftKings Sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org.


Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. They got, they played, they start the season. Obviously you win the Super Bowl, you start the season deservedly so. Yeah. So you got the Black Friday game, which is the game after Thanksgiving. You got the Christmas day game, you got a Saturday game. Yep. Two Sunday night games, two Monday night games.


Mm. Well my homeboy, everybody wanna see you, bro. Yeah, They do. Rightfully so. And, we To And, we to whom much is given Much is required. Yeah. And plus the fact of the matter is ocho, that Black Friday game we selling at to Amazon. Well, if I'm gonna spend a hundred, $150 million, I need, I need box office. Yeah. Who's more box office than my homeboy? Yeah. Okay. Netflix, they're streaming the, the Christmas Day game. I need box office. Yeah. Who more box office than my homeboy. Yeah. Yeah. And listen, also, and I, I hate to bring this up, Travis Kelsey is connected to a young lady that has an entirely different demographic and age group watching those games as well.


Wil. But don't bring that up Ocho, because they gonna get mad at us. Nah, I'm I'm, I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you. And she's made, she's made it her business to let people know she will, she will be at these games. Follow Her man. She will be at these games. And what does that do? NFL Follow the money. Come on now. It's, it's chess, not checkers. Chess not checkers. At the end of the day, remember what their bottom line is, no matter what they tell you what they say, it's all about the money at the end of the day. Yeah. So I'm not, I'm not up, I'm not upset. I'm not upset about, you know, that's tough. I mean, that's an early bye week. Yeah. Because you think about all those games that they're gonna have on Black Friday, on on Christmas Day and those Sunday, Sunday night games.


Yeah. They, the NFL could have did 'em a solid and put them bi week around week 10. Week 11. Yeah. I mean, my, I buy weeks when I was there always fell kind of like right in the middle, like week eight, week nine ocho. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, I'm good. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't even know. It's so funny. You know, you know what I did on my bye week, especially if we had, if we had a winning record. What That my bye week. I'm, I'm, I ain't take no bye, man. I go play, I go play pickup soccer the whole time. Every, every year. Well now Ocho I think they gotta give you the whole week off. Mike Shanahan won't give you the whole week off. Whoa. A whole week. Yeah.


They get the whole week off. What, when, where that rule came from. I guess it's in the new CBAE. That's, that's that's crazy. Yeah. I mean A whole, a whole week, Man. We got my, you know, we go out there Ur like we might get Thursday, we might get half of day Thursday, right? So Friday we got Friday out Saturday, Sunday. And then we had to be back Monday to work and be worked out by noon. Three days. Man, look here. That ain't no damn bad week. I'm just telling you what I'm telling you what we had.


I don't know. I don't know about all the other team. I don't know what them other teams did. I can't, I can't speak to that. But I'm telling you what the Broncos had when we were, when we were there. Yeah. Man, I, man, I, I remember, I remember clearly all my bi-week. I remember clearly all my bi-week and every time we, we, we had practiced Monday. I think we practiced Monday. I think we practiced Tuesday and we'd be off Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday And, we And we had to be back Monday. Man, that whole week I'm in Miami. I'll never forget, I play soccer at KSP Kendall Soccer Park. I play at Urban Soccer five. At that time it was in, in Wynwood.


Man, I'm playing soccer the, the, the whole week. And then I come back Monday ready and, and back to football. Mike wasn't doing that. Mike wasn't doing that. And it wasn't no situation. It wasn't no situation where like, Hey Mike, you know, such and such got the whole week. Man, man, please, He don't care. He don't care nothing about what nobody else doing. Huh? Hell no. Hell to the no. 'cause he like, he gonna tell us, Hey, can't, you can't run what we trying to do. That ain't what they trying to Do. Yeah. You can't run your players into the ground, man. Man. Please can't run. We So we were so happy about that. We so happy getting off noon because that mean we can take the flight and, you know, it's still two hours.


Yeah. You know, so, but you at least you got Friday, Saturday, man, you gotta leave Sunday night. Yeah. You might as well not even leave to Be back. You can't chance it. I can't chance leaving Friday, Monday morning. Yeah. And, and Friday To be late. And, and, and, and that plane, something happened with the plane or you miss a flight. Oh, hell no, man. Mike lose it. Damn. Y'all, y'all got fine back then. What? Yeah, he defines what the the fines one that must though, because I think like a fine might be like, say a fine is like $2,000 or so. So back then, if you paid, if you paid, if you paid a thousand dollars in front of the team, he would, he if you paid thousand dollars in cash, Right?


Yeah. A thousand flag. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And so it's the fact, because here's the fact you walking down there, so somebody we might not know you was late, we might not have known you done something Right. But you coming down there to hand Mike some money or we know you the fd up. So that's, that's kinda what it was. Because it's kind of like the team know that you let 'em down in somewhere. Maybe you was late for a meeting, you missed a meeting, but that walk. Oh man, please. Like we had that walkthrough that walk through at 11 o'clock. Man, please man. They see Mike. Man, man, boy, you better not be late for that walkthrough. Right. Mike didn't play that. And then here's the thing, Ocho you know the walkthrough, we not going full speed, but it's a nice speed now.


Yeah. There ain't no Yeah. Yeah. Man. Ocho watsy. Oh, lemme take a class off Ocho. Why them dudes start coming out there with Tims? Come On man. Come on Ocho. Man. They had on Tim Man, them coming out there. They, because they, oh, Hold on. It, it was cold right when it was cold though. Yeah, but I'm just, oh Joe, that's not the po Them jokers coming out there. They got the jeans on and they got the sweats over the jeans. Jeans.


Oh Lord have mercy man. Mike. Hey Mike. Call that thing up. Yeah. He said if y'all ever come out here like that again. Right. I say, see, I knew y'all were gonna f it up. I knew I knew it, I knew it. But they knew how Mike was. Right. Ocho we got, we having a practice. This was in 97. Anybody that was on that team that could take ocho, we were about 30 minutes through from practice. Now mind you we're already out there. We've already been out there about an hour and 15 minutes. Yes, sir. Mike started the whole practice over The whole practice. The whole practice. And I'm talking about this snow like a beat.


I'm talking about this so cold Ocho. Look, I don't know what, how think it was a team drill and I, I might have started it. You dropped the ball, Dropped the ball. I think I dropped the ball Rod dropped the ball, threw a swing past the tv. He dropped the ball. Yeah. Man, Mike blew that whistle. Man, Mike blew that. This Over. I was like, okay. Oh, so you know me, Ocho you know, I'm like, you know, know. Hey, my bad fella. My bad. So I'm thinking we about to start the period over. Right? This man starts stretching and everything over.


Man, I wanna fight Mike. Yes. Starting The whole mofo practice over. Oh boy. Look here. When I say Mike, when I say Mike ran a tight ship. Yeah. And that foolishness, we didn't have no foolishness because hey bro, look here, don't y'all mess this up. He done like, okay guys, if we do X, Y, and Z, hey such and such man, look here. Hey, we had this, how we gonna do it? We gonna go out there, we gonna play it, we gonna practice our ass off. Right? Don't y'all f this up? Yeah. Because we know we had a, we were a veteran led team, right? Like, Mike, let us police the team.


We'll fight all you young mofos up in this thing. Don't y'all mess this up, man. Mike started a whole prac from stretching. I thought we was gonna go back to the period, the start of the period. Right, right, right, right. This man done start the whole mofo practice over And. we gotta go stretch all over again. I couldn't even be hot 'cause I was so damn cold. Yeah. Hey, But look here. And that's why Elcho, and when I tell people the mindset that you have to, that you have to have that. I believe you need to have, Mike ain't let nothing skate. Right. Like you drop a pass and, and, and, and like you, the defense might do something, might blow the assignment and defense also.


No, Mike, we got it. Mike say no f we don't run that again. Oh, A drop pass a oh that's, that ain't sliding. Oh no. Hell no. What? And so Mike, Mike, Mike was like Tom Carlson and basically He didn't like, look, Mike was very, very like his time, like time was like, the meeting starts at this time. Right? When Mike, when Mike walked down them steps, don't you walk your ass in behind him. Right. So everybody was all, we understood when Mike come in that room, everybody needs to be in their seat. If you're not in there, you might as well just go ahead and chalk it up.


Right. Like I said, the one time I was late, I don't think he'd have known I was late. It just so happens I was offensive player of the week. And when he called my name, I didn't come down to get no war. Hey, I was at, I was standing out, I was outside the meeting room looking at it like, but no, but you Mike, under look, be on time. That was his number one thing. Right. Be on time, practice start. I mean, meetings started this time. Practice started this time, so forth and so on. That was, that was really his only thing. And then he let the veteran players, he let us police the locker room. Right. What was supposed to transpire? Because a lot of times, Ocho, we put out fires before it got to Mike.


He didn't even know anything about it. Right. And I think that's what better leadership comes in at. And that's why you, you can never have a real enough of quality vests, Hey, nah, nah, nah. Get your ass in the meeting room, get off the phone. Your problem, you're on the phone too much. That's why, that's why you're not playing. Talking about man ain messing over me. Nah, I pulled a film. I say, see you messing over us. Right. Get in there. But we needed that ocho you, you need. And until like you be in a situation Ocho, you don't really know what it takes to win until you in a winning situation. Yeah. And you can say that's why the 49 ERs had all that damn success.


If you go back and look at the 49 ERs, you look at when Mike Holman got to the Packers and they started to win consistently. You, I guarantee you I can go. I don't really know how the Patriots did things, but I can tell you why they won. Yeah. Yeah. You, you listen, my, my time there with the Patriots, I understood why they won within the first week, within the first week, bill Belichick, he ran the tight ship, Got to, No one had to explain what the Patriot Way was and just the way everyone conducted themselves. And that's from the top all the way to the bottom. Yep. From the top, all the way to the bottom. From the cafeteria to the training room.


I was like, oh, okay, now I understand. Now I get it. Yeah. Now, obviously 90% of that was also having number 12 and that key centerpiece at, at at, at the helm of everything. Yes. But man, unbelievable. I I tell people all the time, people ask me, well what was it like playing for Belichick? What was it like being on the Patriots? I say, listen, I've never been to the army, never been to the military. I'm not a Navy Seal. But if I had to take a guess, the discipline instructor that it takes to be in the armed forces, it's what it takes to play for the goddamn Patriots. Right? Yeah. Same, same thing. Same concept. And I, I come to understand that Bill Belichick has a, a background.


I think it's His dad was at the Navy, coached at the Naval Academy. And that is why he ran it the way he did. And that's exactly what that environment felt like. And see that's why it never bothered me. My grandfather was in the military, so I understood what a structured environment was. Oh, So you was used to it. It didn't bother me. Right. My grandmother, hey, when she said be up at, be up at certain amount of time we gonna go pick peas or we gonna hit these fields. Right. We gotta go pick up pecans or whatever the case may be. Right. Alright, boys, such and such gonna come by tomorrow. Okay. Already know what that means. That man coming by, he gonna pick us up at seven o'clock. That means you get your butt up, you know, wash your face, brush your teeth, be ready to hit that truck.


Right. I understood that. So it was never a problem to me. Coach Reeves, he ran, coach Reeves was a iron know old school. Tom Landry, no bull drive, no bs. You jump off sides in training camp, you run a lap. Sometimes you make the whole team run. Hey, I can't imagine grown men running no lap, man. You, but you can, you can imagine it. You could imagine it because it happened. Right? I don't know if anybody in the chat that was on those team Coach Reed was I was with Coach Reed from 90 to 92. Go ask him. Go ask him and And, if you hurt Ocho, man, they put you on that ubi.


You ever did the ubi where you paddle like this here? Nah, what's that? It's a, it's a bike. But if so, if you got like a hamstring issue or something like that. Right. That's how you get your cardio. Okay man, he ran me up outta there, man. Doing that. You be for 30 minutes. Th 30 minutes Man. You go all out for a minute. You break for a minute, all out for a minute. You break four a minute for th bad please Ocho. Oh no. I came up out that thing after a day. I said, I ain't hurt no more. I ain't heard no more ocho. Hell no. I think sometimes Ocho, what happens is, is that a coach has a perception.


When Mike was first there, Mike was the quarterback's coach because he had been to the Raiders. Al you know, he had balling out. He ended up coming back. He's the quarterback coach. So when he gets there, I'm mainly a special teams player. Right. He leave and come back. Now I'm the best title in the league. That's not how he remembered me. Right. So we kind of butted heads. But what he failed to realize, what motivated me wasn't money. Yeah. I'm a praise guy. Just tell him I did a good job and that's all I need to hear from you. Right. I don't need you to tell me, oh hey, you know, hey you can be this. You can make a lot of money. You know you can do. I don't need that.


Just tell him I did. I did a good job. 84, we can win with that. I appreciate you get, that's all I need. Yeah. And so once I left and went to Baltimore and when I came back he's like, you know, you wanna bring, I said, Mike, I don't need to see. Look like I was in Denver. I know what the facilities are like. Right. I know what you are. Like I had to have had a conversation with Mr. Bowling. Mr. Bowler had done said, look, I don't really put my foot down, but hey you coming back. I said, Mike, you know me, you know what I'm about. Yes Sir. I'm about business. I wanna win. I prepare myself to win. I try to do a great job of getting other guys to get on board to buy in what you're sell, what you're selling.


Mm. Because I don't need to see the facility. All I need to know, do you want me to come back? Because if Mr. Bowling want me to come back and you don't, I'm not coming. Right. I'm not 84. We should have never let you go. Okay, let's do this. Yeah. I had more money other places, but I thought it was only right that I'd go back and finish my career in Denver where it all Started the right way. Yeah. I'd, I would've never been happy. Even if I'd have took more money from Seattle, had the opportunity to go to the Raiders, it wouldn't have been Right. Right. 'cause in my heart, that's not where I wanted to go to go. I wanted to go finish my career in Denver, but I just needed to hear him say it right. Once he said it. I was cool o child. I was like, okay, yeah, let's do this.


And plus my fa and i, I didn't wanna put my kids, my kids were still young and man having to get my kids to fly And travel way across Seattle. Way across your Honda From Atlanta, Seattle by themselves. Oh no. Yeah. And then even to my mom. 'cause at that point in time my mom had retired. So my mom would fly there. My mom would fly from Chicago. 'cause you know this before, but after nine 11 that stopped. Well that stopped. But she was still, because their mom would walk 'em through the airport, you know, send 'em down unaccompanied minor. But after that point, I would fly my mom there. They would walk 'em to the gate, then my mom would meet 'em at the gate and then they would come to Denver or my sister would do something like that. Right. But yeah.


Yeah. You gotta just be careful. Hey, Hey, hey. We, we was totally, we to, we totally different too. Like when I think about it, the, the coaching style that you like and you accept, like I was completely, I was completely different. I like, I like that hard coaching and where I'm based on where I'm from and where I'm raised. I'm kind of used to it with the cursing and the, you know, that, that get me, that get me going. Right. What, when I had you, You got Jack, Hey. Oh boy, listen, when I had Hugh, lemme take my glasses off. So you understand how serious I am. 'cause you know, I be playing around all the time when I had Hugh Jackson in Cincinnati and I wasn't playing up the par.


And he get the mother, he get the cursing. Yeah. Understanding that's, I know I can get Chad going with a motherfucker. What the fuck you doing? Goddammit. Come on now. Let's go man. Shoot. Boy, you, oh, that shit just got, just got me. I, I, I don't know. I don't know how to explain it. It just got me, got me going and got me motivated because I have lapses sometimes. Sometimes I play down to my competition. And all it took was for you to, to throw, to say something to me in a, in a encouraging way, but just add a little curse word to it. You know? Right. You know, when you cooking, you know, you cook your chicken and you add your seasoning. Just, just add a little seed. I I I see, I see curse words as sentence enhancers and it, it just get me going.


It is, it is weird. It is weird. So I love and enjoyed that type of coaching. 'cause it made me want to not only prove myself, but to make sure I don't embarrass you based on all the coaching and goddamn film study and meetings we done did all goddamn week. Let me go out here and make sure I do my goddamn job. For me. Ocho I never played down because I knew who I was playing. 'cause Mary Porter was an air condition all of a sudden. Yes sir. Yes sir. Come on. And I got kids. Come on now. Yes sir. And so that was my motivation. You, because I looked at everybody that I face. Well you trying to get my grandma out this house. You trying to get my kids outta these private schools.


You trying to take food off they table. Sir, you trying to get Shannon to go back to Glenville with no running water and no end of Oh no, bro. Yeah. You couldn't See you. You, you thought completely different Than I did too. Oh. That, that's the only thing you think Completely different. Yeah. That's the only, that was the, that was my motivation from the time, sir. I can remember me and my brother talking about it when we was sitting on those pine trees. Young pine trees are called saplings. And we built Yes. That many of them mofos over. And my grandma said, boy, y'all need to stop bidding them saplings. Right. That's all we talked about. That's all I thought about. That was my motivation. Yeah. And so every time I looked at somebody, oh, you tried to get grained up at that house, huh? Okay.


State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also, as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices.


We might've, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. I could. A good neighbor, state Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the ionic five, in ionic six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric, or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five n. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty.


Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three to three mile driving range for 2024 I five SE SEL L limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects and materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual for complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. This is it your moment.


This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults.


You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The world is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and a panoramic moonroof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is more fun to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today.


Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only one safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Man, I can tell y'all shit Chad, we family. We family. And I don't think t would have an issue with that because what we talked about was positive. I mean, it's, it was positive. And he's gonna do all he can to make sure he's out there, you know, for the Kansas City game. And I told him to be careful. I told him to be careful because there's something you don't wanna play with.


Soft tissue injuries. Hamstring, groin calf. What, what, what, what else? Soft tissue that quads Anything. Soft tissue calf, ham, groin, abductors. Yeah. Yeah. I, I told him, listen, what you don't wanna do is don't go out there too early. Don't go out there too early. See how it feels in practice. You know, I say take a Wednesday off, take Thursday off. Don't even practice this week. Practice Friday if, if you got to. And then open up and see how you feel. If you feel like you can open up and you don't feel a little pinch or no or no pull, No tug. Yeah. No, no tug. But you, you good to go? You good to go? So I think, I think us, for us, the Bengals in general, obviously, and TI think we going, we gonna be all right for some reason.


You gotta think we we're two and six under Zach Taylor. We two and six in week one in the last 10 games. Two and six week one. So I'm used to us always having a slow start offensively. We always start slow. I think we gonna be all right. And I, I bet with us emotionally against New England. Yeah, you did. You did. You definitely bet. Emotionally. Emotionally. So, so right now, based on what I saw from the Pats, I, I think the, I mean the pats I'm talking about, well, basically what I saw from the Chiefs, Yes. I, I think the Chiefs might win this one. As much as I love my bangals, I think the Chiefs Mike win with Wi Mike win with ah, Mike win this one. And. we have Chase plan And, we gott plan.


All right. That changes everything. That changes the dynamic. Yeah. It's, and that's the thing with with, because the suddenness in which you need to move, you need to be able to start, stop transition, get in and outta that break. And guess what? You gotta Deal People pulling on you too, huh? Yeah. Gotta deal people Pulling on you too, man. That was the only thing I said. Guys, look, I don't mind you if I, if if I, if I break free from you, don't tuck me. Right. Right. Because I'm pulling the hard. You make me hurt you, you make me tweak my hamstring. Yep. And, and then I'm gonna turn around and swing on you. So I ain't gonna lie. So don't, don't don't, don't turn, don't turn. That was, that was my only rule. Ocho. I look okay guys holding me trying to get off the line to get it.


'cause I know they going because back then they, they held the shit out you. Oh, excuse me. They held, they held a crap outta you back, back in the nineties, man. They ain't called nothing, don't you man. It was literally a fight out there. But don't tug my jersey once I break away from you don't do that. 'cause you know, a lot of times it's to call what, what we call like a slingshot move. I did it to a lot of D linemen. Like they get in front of me, I grab them and then pull myself. I launch myself in front of them and now I'm in a position where I could block them. And that's what DBS do. They would tug you and the next thing you know, they in front of you to knock the ball down. So that was my only thing. And it's, it, it is tough. And I went through something very similar to what, what, what t's going through.


Signed the contract in 96. It was a three year deal, maybe the highest paid told me that, hey, Shannon, you know, you play like you played, we gonna tear this contract up, you'll never get to the third year we going, we going to extend it. Right. So 97, I come in OCHO 97, I come in first team all pro 1100 yards, lead the team in receiving 98, go in, lead the team in touchdowns, first team all pro again, no contract, no not even talking about contract. Hmm. Come in. I, I, I tweak my adductor probably about 10 days before we got a report.


Ocho man, that thing wouldn't get healthy for nothing. And so I deal with that all training camp and I managed to get through it and I was able to get massages, got it worked on and it started to feel better. Get off to a great start Ocho I think I got like in the first three or four games I got like 24, 20, 23, 24 catches cooking. Yeah. In that fourth game, Ocho Darien Gordon, who was an ex teammate of mine, did what we call teacup. So he catching me like this, I'm running shallow and he tackled pinned my arm. Yeah. Broke my collarbone. Ah, oh, you hit the ground.


He put all that pressure on you too much. Oh, it don't take much pressure to break the collarbone. And I knew it. I knew it instantly. I knew it instantly. I remember sitting, I remember sitting up Greek, I motioned to Greek to come get, come, come Greek. I said Greek is my collarbone Greek. He said, what you think happened? Sharpie? I said Greek, I broke it. He said, you think so? So he put his, he put his hands up on, up under my pa up under my pad. Right? I sharper you. He like, ah, ocho ocho daddy man missed the rest of the year.


End up in Baltimore Ocho there's a report that Justin Fields had a toxic relationship with Nick foes in the Chicago locker room. According to reports, the relationship between foes and fields basically reached rock bottom after situation where foes was trying to teach something to Phil. Mm. Only to turn around and realize that Phil wasn't paying attention to anything. Phil foes were saying, according to report, foes and fields could not stand each other. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Listen, you, you in the chat in the NFL listen as much as you, you, you wanna get along with everybody, think about where you work. If you work in the corporate world or wherever you work, you don't get along with every person that's there.


That man is in there to take your job. No. They're there to compete. Oh yeah, yeah. They're you, you are there to compete. Everybody's not gonna get along on the same team. That's just the nature of the business. At times. I'm better than you. Why are you sitting here trying to teach me younger, younger player. Listen to an older veteran who's been somewhat, not somewhat, not, not really. I don't wanna call him a journeyman, but he, you know, played on a few different teams. He has a Super Bowl win. Yeah. So I think that's someone you would want to listen to. And, and especially that's, that's my point. Yeah. Especially when it comes to playing a position with the quarterback. Because he knows what it takes to win. Because he has won before, after taking over for Carson wins when he got hurt. Yeah.


You know, but listen at, at times you just not gonna like people. It, it, it's just the way it is. And I think it's unfortunate that it came down to this. I think it's unfortunate that it got out now that Justin Fields is gone and he's, he's in, he's in Pittsburgh. So why now? Yeah, why now? It, it wasn't an issue then why make it an issue now? It wasn't a issue, but I di I'm disappointed that it got out because it makes Justin feel like he's uncoachable. Like he's un he's unwilling to listen to someone that's trying to help. Help. Yeah. And, and you know, look, when I was in there and somebody could give some valuable information, I mistake that I made is that I listened to the wrong person and he gave me the wrong route and I went there and read it full speed. Right. And coach looked at me like I was a damn fool. But that's my fault.


Right. That's my fault. I think the thing is Ocho for me is that when I, I've always said that if I ever got in the situation, I say when I make the team next year someone ask me something, I'm gonna be able to give them real information because I'm this eye. Look at it with Joe, you can't beat me. I'm gonna teach you everything you know, not everything I know. Right. So you are never gonna be able to get beat this job. And I understand like when, when Ozzy made the move to move on to Todd Heat, he had to get me up outta the Todd Heat was never gonna be able to beat me up outta that job. Right. Right. Because I knew too much. I had been on, I knew all the tricks of the trade, I knew how to get open Right. No matter what the situation was. But my job was to make sure, and to R's credit, he hung on everything that I said. So I tried to make sure that the locker, the the tight end room was better when I left and when I found it.


Same way with Denver. I I take it as a, as an elder statesman ocho that's my job. Right. To pass that information down because I had some guys that really helped me in the receiver room. Mark Jackson. I backed him up. He helped me immensely. Vance Johnson, those guys really, really helped me when I was there. And so I really appreciated the older guys really helping me to try to get me up to speed because they knew if something would happen with them, I'm gonna have to go in and play right now. What good is that you don't help me out and I gotta go in and play and I don't know what the hell I'm doing. Right. That's a re a negative reflection on you. But I I, I agree with you Ocho I don't like that this got out because at the end of the day, you know who's gonna look negative on Yeah.


Yeah. Because you got a veteran quarterback that's played a number of years in the league. And like you said, he did win the Super Bowl. He did go to a pro bowl. Right. He once had a season, which he threw 27 touchdowns with two interception. So it's like, man, he tried to help Justin Fields and Justin Fields doesn't. He's uncoachable you, you can't help It. And it's so funny. It's, it is always, it is always the black quarterbacks when stuff like this comes out. True. You think it only happened with them? I guarantee you it definitely doesn't. I think when Brett Far and Aaron Rogers were there, I'm sure they was the same. Yeah. Hey, it, it was, it was some of the same issues. You know, I think, I think it happens like that when you have two players at a certain position and you, you, you understand that if you're not playing well, the person that's trying to help and coach you could eventually be taking your job if you don't play up the par and it just, it's, it, it is what it is.


Oh Joe, the friendly wager between LSU teammate Jane Daniel Malik NRS is off now. They placed the friendly wager $10,000 bet, which he whoever would win off NFL's offensive rookie of the year no would win the money. But on Friday after neighbors attended rookie camp, the Giants learned the specific of the NFL's gambling po problem, excuse me, the NFL gambling policy. And he revealed that the bet was off. It is unclear if the bet would've violated the policy, but the two aren't taking any chances. No neighbor said, the neighbor said, I'm educated now and I got be of sports betting and gambling. So we're calling the bet off. There's no bet now. Eh, no sir. Hey Malik neighbors, Jayden Daniels. The bet is still on.


The bet is still on. Give me the money. I'm still a part. I'm, I'm not a part of the NFL. Well I am. Wait, nevermind, lemme take that back. Lemme take that back. Bet is still on. Don't matter what, just put the money in my hand. Put the money in my hand and I make a decision at the end of the season on who deserves it. Malik, you gotta come to Playboy. You gotta come to play if you're going to outdoor quarterback. What happened? How about, Hey bro, I bet you 10 grand I went offensive rookie of the year. Okay. Bet it's when you made it public. Right. See some, some things you just keep to yourself. Ocho Well, actually I like it though. I like it. Huh? Because not only the NFL don't like it. I I don't think he, he made it public.


I think it's, it is a great a motivating tactic. Are you any less motivated by things? You, lemme ask you a question. I mean, how many people, how many people, how many people knew your goals? You didn't share 'em with anybody did you? And you was just as motivated to, to achieve them? Yeah. Okay. You have to understand we look, I I get it Ocho Yeah. But you have to understand how the NFL and the gambling, so you don't want, you don't even want the mention of it. Yeah. Like I said, Hey Ocho, I bet you such and such bet. Yeah. Boom. At the end of the year. Yeah. Oh, how'd you get this? I ain't gonna say how I got it right. But a good, a good friend of mine gifted it to me.


Yeah. I, yeah, I think, I think for one on, on Malik Naples part, I think it was all in good fun, you know? Yeah, yeah. For sure. Look, look, little friendly, really friendly, friendly competition. And I don't think, I don't think it's against the NFL gambling polish because they're not gambling on a game. They're just, it's a friendly wager between them, between themselves based on how they play their rookie season. That's all that, that's no foul, no harm. Now you know, you wanna know what's harm me bribing the referee with a goddamn dollar bill trying to challenge a red, a red A call. Yeah. Now that, that, now that, now that's gambling. 'cause I literally took out a dollar and tried to bribe the referee. Now that I understand them making a friendly wager between themselves, whether it's public or not, is no harm, no foul.


And I, I'd hope, I'd hope, you know, we, we'd allow those two to, to go outta This. Oh Joe, man, you know, there a lot of bets going on man. That done been bets between teammate. I mean, not teammates. Yeah, but hell, I, I, I, teammates friends. Yeah. Yeah. But nobody know that. I bet, But nobody, nobody know. Nobody knew. Hell, I bet Alpha, alpha Williams 25,000. But I would have more touchdowns than he had sacks. Golly Man. Guess what? Who, who won? I, I broke. I broke my collarbone week four. He broke, he tore his Achilles week five. So we settled. I went to, he wanted 12 out. So I said we we could settle. Right. He had one sack. I had no touchdowns.


So we settled What you had to pay him. He said, I tell you what, he said I want $12,500. Right. Guess what this joker wanted What he wanted. Don't say food. Susan B. Anthony dollars. Susan B. Anthony. Yeah. He wanted those quarter dollars. So I had to go to the bank and get, because he wanted the inconvenience for me. He wanted my pride. Oh. So when I got put that order to the bank. Oh yeah. Because I get $12,500 of Susan B. Anthony. Do you hard know how hard it's to get those damn things. So he made it difficult? Yes. And they was heavy as hell. Hey, let's go.


I, Hey listen, I I like to bet though I like It because that's the way we betted. Yeah. So like we bet in the locker room. I didn't, I didn't want your money. I want your pride. Yeah. I want $500 in nickels, man. Sha come on man. I want you to take your ass to the bank. Ask the cashier could you get $500 in Nichols. And when she ask you say Mr. Such and such, why you need 500 on Nichols? I want you to tell them I lost the bet to 84 mm. I get Buffalo Nickels, I get a hundred dollars in Buffalo Nickels, I get $250 in Dimes. Right. That's what I wanted. I wanted, I wanted a a a a, what is it Kennedy? Half dollars. We call 'em Kennedy. 50 cent Pete. Yo. I wanted those. Yes. Silver dollars. Yes.


I want your pride. Oh, everybody making money. Yeah. So what is it for me? Okay, you lose a thousand dollars. You gonna bring me a thousand dollars cash? No, I don't want a thousand dollars cash. I want coins, pennies, nickels, dimes, Buffalo, nickels, Susan, b Anthony Quarters, Kennedy, half dollar, Kennedy 50 said what we call him in the south. Golly. You know Wecho, you know we gamble everything. We had a little poppy shop basketball thing. Yeah. In, in, in the locker room. So we, we betting per diem. Hey bet everybody got their per diem lined up The role per diem. Yes. Yes.


We bet. Role per diem. Man, look, Me and my, we've getting ready to go to practice, right. Me and my home, me and my homeboy Burns. He like, we got, so, you know, we, we been there for a week. So I went upstairs, got my check, got his mm. I said, because we like to bet. Don't even look at it, put it down. Okay, fine. Bet it is what it is. So I put my check down, he put his down, we shoot, we gotta go to practice. We come back, come on, let's get the ball first. Hey, hey hold up. Me and Bern shooting this. He shoot, he miss I make it. So at that point in time you get to open the check and see what it, It's Right.


So he opened my check. I opened his, his was like $1,400. Right. Mine was like 70,000. Woo. He said, oh boy, you'd have been throwing up. I said, oh hell yeah. I said, but that's, but that's the chance that you make. You don't look at the check. You just bet. Yeah. I'm cool with that. Well Y'all, y'all bet than me boy. I ain't playing Uhuh. Oh we bet. Everything. Oh we bet everything. Oh, boray in between you up play in between. Nah, what's that in between? In between? Is that what The quarter two? You take two Dexa cards. I flip one, I flip both cards up. Yeah, it might be a ace.


It might be a five. You go say a in between. If it comes in between the ace and a five, you win. If you get hit on the edges, you get double. You have to pay double. So if it's a Ace or five, you pay double. Ooh Man. I don't know where that is. We played on the way to Super Bowl. Right. Asked the guys what park got a life? 50 grand. 50,000? Yeah. Oh we took Super Bowl. I took, oh hey Peter. I'm sorry. I gotta give up this information. Oh. But we took, we took, hey we took four sub bowl tickets off Willie Greed. Ooh. Four sub bowl tickets and 10 grand.


I know he were, I know was hot. I was very generous. I know he were hot Ocho. I wanna do old school car. 71 Chevelle. Yeah. I said man give five grand. I can't, I said, because you go home and tell your wife you lost this car. It's gonna be problems in your house. Snap. Yeah. Gimme five grand. We'll call it Eva. And Mike used to tell 'em, say look, y'all gambling with 84. Do y'all know how long 84 been playing? Right? 84. Okay. I don't really like you guys gambling 'cause I don't want you thinking about your lost 20,000, 30,000 Right during the game.


But like, if I rock with you, if I want a big sum of money off you, I'm like bro, go ahead. Hey just give me, give me five grand. We'll call it even. Yeah. But I wanted nice black chrome rims. Just got it. It'll probably work about 20, 25. Yeah. I said, man, gimme five grand. You go cool Boy. Hey boy, y'all listen, we gamble. Hey, when, when, whenever the gambling went on locker room training camp. We on break. Man. I'm, I'm, man, you know I ain't, I ain't around none of that bro. I ain't got spending money spending Shit came about Ocho.


You go ask anybody that played in Denver. No sir. From 19, from 19 95, 96. Right. All the way it, it, they closed it down when I left. When I came back it came from there. That's where we gamble. We played cars, we rode rolled dice, they played video game. We drank, smoked all that within Club Shaik. That's how it came to be. Yeah. I don't see, I don't see how y'all do that man. And people in the chat that gamble people just in general. Like even when y'all was playing, even former teammates of mine, there was, there was, there's such an excitement and passion and joy in people's faces when they gamble. Hear from. And me being from Miami, watching people gamble, playing spades, playing, playing t playing get, get like me with the quarters.


Back in the day we was in high school watching, watching the dope boys play C low, excuse me, I hate, I hate to say that word, but watching the boys say C low. Like what, what are we doing? I'm not doing nothing or losing my money to anything where I can't control it. Like if I'm losing money, I want to be in control of it. I don't want any outside variations of what I'm doing. That caused me to lose my money. I can't, I can't do it. And then I, I, I remember I going, I went to the casino with rail and I'm talking to the man. I'm saying Sir, are y'all gonna stop the man from continuing to gamble that much money at the high roller table? Why you allowing him to do this?


Oh, that's what we do here. Yeah. Why You think we don't have no, oh no. I gotta have it. We gamble O Joe, we gambling. Why, why you think we don't have no windows? What the fuck you mean what the windows have to do with anything? Ain't no clocks on the wall. Ain't no clock. 'cause they want you to lose track of time and they pumping in fresh oxygen. Listen, I learned all this just not too long ago without, when I was in Vegas for F1, you know? Yeah. I'm like, man, y'all Better. I gamble. Ocho we gamble. Yeah, but y'all, Every night, every, there was not one night in Denver when I, we was in training camp. Right. That we didn't gamble. Yeah. Ocho we was going to bed. Like we got a, like we got practice at nine. Right. We ain't go to bed till like two o'clock, three o'clock in the morning And y'all going to practice on four, five hours of sleep.


Yep. And and the last night we stayed up the whole night like our, our crew that normally, oh, we got, you gotta stay up the whole night. Oh. Oh we had a black, hey we had a blast. Oh. And the last and the last night the rookies Yeah. Got together. Mocho. You Got, you got 'em. Yeah. I remember them being what? Man, look here we go to the store, we get like 25 pounds of flour. We get like 8, 9, 10 bottles of syrup. We cut the pillows open. Right. We got the tar and feather. Oh not the tar and feather.


Yeah, extinguishes. Oh. You know how hard, you know how hard that is to get off. I do know. Oh no. Think about how many guys came with Ben, with Ben with pillow, feathers in the head and only stuck on their back and on the neck. Hey, because you know I was cool. Hey, you know, hey I get the key. Yeah. I get the master key in. They asleep fire extinguish 'em down. Book it up outta there. Oh, we did some damage. I Knew they were hot, But you know what Mike said, Hey, hey, I don't normally do this, but I know, you know, probably 84 has something to do with it.


Right. And this team. Oh man. Or if, if some stuff popped off, they already know. Right. Mike knew the team building. We got this covered. Right. Woo hoo. Oh, we, oh, that dorm was a mess Going crazy. Yes. Yes. Because hey, got together mocho. It's a part of it. Welcome to the Broncos. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Most Definitely. That's what I miss Ocho. See that's what I miss. The fun. That's what I miss. The talent show. Like we had, did y'all have a talent show like the rookies had to put on a talent show?


No, but hey listen, that, that hard knocks y'all had Yes. Before we did ours. That talent show, boy, when, when Buddy did Ray Lewis and Buddy did. And Buddy did you? Boy, I was in tears. I'm talking about in tears crying. That was good. Oh yeah, that Was good. Oh, we had, we had, we had a talent show. We had a talent show in, in, in Denver. But I, you know, like I said, I, I ain't really know. Like I said, I mean, when I was in college we didn't really do the stuff like, like, like rookie stuff. Hazing, they ain't cutting nobody hair, stuff like that. I mean, I'm trying to think what we did to the rookies Because it got me, I mean, it was, it was all, all fun.


Like I said, I didn't wanna let nobody cut my hair. Right. You know what I'm saying? I, and I ain't do, we wasn't doing anything to demean anybody. We wasn't gonna cut your hair and foolishness like that. But I'm sure there was some things that we did, but that was all a part of it. I, that's what I miss. That's what I miss. If they could just let, and I was like, Mike, if I could just go back, I ain't wanna do meetings no more. That's what really got me outta the league. Yeah. The meetings. I said, Mike, just let me practice. Let me show up to practice. Right, Right, Right. Let me play the games. Your boy good. Yeah, Your Boy good. The I said, but dog. That's funny. Ocho those were the days, bro. I wish I could get those back. I wish I could do that. Obviously I couldn't play anymore, but I just want to go hang around the just go hang. Not now. I'm just letting my guys what I was like after I left for like three or four years.


Yeah. I just wanted to go back. 'cause a lot of the guys that I played with were still playing man. I said, man, I wish I could just go back there. They like sharp man. They ain't the same without you. Yeah. Because you ocho you know, I kept it live now. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. State Foreman in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also, as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home.


Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five and Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric, or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five N.


And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 I five SE SEL L limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six se long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and the pens and battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual for complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience.


Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today.


Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. The world is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and a panoramic moonroof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive. The kicks is more fun to drive than ever before.


It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. I guess it's easy to attack the messenger instead of digest the message. Why do players?


Because sometimes they wrong. Yes. With the criticism, sometimes the criticism is not warranted. Sometimes you, you criticizing based off your insecurities. Don't do that. Yeah, don't do that. Yeah. Criticize. Criticize. But not based off what you saying you would've done. 'cause you don't have the ability to do what that would've been done. So that's my problem with criticism. I look at it like this. When before this social media blew up time, what we would ask of people that was critiquing us. Okay. Did you play they, all these players now is like, they wanted someone that actually played the game, that had an intimate knowledge of, of the game to know what it's like to be in the locker room, to know what it's like to be in subtle, to know what it'd be like in the field and feel that, yeah.


Okay. So now, and then when they got that, they said, well, you didn't win anything. So now when I critique a player, not only did I win at the highest level, I won multiple times. Not only did I win multiple times, I got the ultimate validation by being selected and cant. So now what it, oh, you jealous, you mad 'cause you didn't make as much money. I made a damn lot of money for tight ends when I trade time changed inflation. Okay. Guys are making money, making money. I get nothing. You ask me to give you my honest assessment when I give it to you. You don't like it because I critique your favorite place. Amen. So I I don't understand how I win, Don. I think, I think it's a different era.


We're in a different era and I think it's more so delivery. I think delivery is very, very important in the way we are critical And, we analyze players. It will be seen regards to how you try to do it. It will be seen as hate because there's really no way to criticize a player without him feeling a certain way about it. And again, I, I talk with you all, unc, we talk about this all the time, prime. And they, they, they get on me a lot about not being able to be critical of players when they don't play the way they should. And I always go back from a point of view of knowing what it's like to be them now opposed to being on the other side with the media. Now it's very difficult for me to say he did A, B and C, but I'd rather say, I'd rather talk about d, e, and F on what he can do to make sure it doesn't happen again.


I don't even wanna focus on the negative. I want, I don't want be the problem. I wanna tell you what the solution is so you don't play like that again. I like, I like going That route, but that's not what you, but that's not what just, but Ocho But that's not what happened. You gotta critique on what you saw, not what you think you gonna get down the road. Okay. Comet do that. He's not good like that. You know Chad ain't gonna do that. He ain't gonna critique nobody. He ain't, you know, Chad ain't, he ain't built like that. Chad, Chad, Chad not want to be, because he is, Chad is a good dude and he, he wanna be loved. He, he just wanna be held, you know, I wanna be what held. I just wanna be held. He wanna be loved. I mean, I, I like criticism.


You know what's funny? Think about Prime. When you played, when I played, I love, I like the hate, but not now. I want you to hate, I want you to talk trash. I want you to say bad things about me. Like I enjoyed it. I enjoyed the media saying bad stuff. Like, it like, it, it, it, it dri it lights somewhat of a fire. You know. And that's why to me, I don't understand why players care what the media says. That should motivate you. You know, Though. I Well yeah, Can't expect people to be who you are. That's what I had to learn as a coach years ago. You can't expect people to be you. You can't expect people to feel like you, to think like you, to interpret things like you to to, to even fathom things like you. They ain't built like that.


Check God, we made one you man Like that. But we at the highest level. This is the NFL though, you know, think about you been Through, so you making it. If you Lemme finish, lemme get where I'm going to even get to the pinnacle of your childhood dream. You've had to be through some shit. You've had to go through some stuff. So anything being said yes in and or about you shouldn't even bother you. This. And why don't we not been talking about New Edition? I said you about around and I said he probably was Michael Prime. Don't do that. I was with you. Me and you. I was with you at in 1992. Me and that's A's a lie. But anyway, that's a lie.


But anyway. Yo guys, we've heard about pre we've heard about your pre-game rituals, but what about your post-game rituals? Did you have anything that you did time? Did you have anything? You did Ocho I always had migraines. Always had migraines. So controlling the migraine from being up and being fired up and, and, and just wanting to go get it. That calming down period was tough. So I always had migraines. So on the plane ride back home, they was medicating me and trying to get me stuff and ice everywhere. I couldn't never do nothing after games. So I always went to the crib. Straight home. Yes. Yeah. My, my routine after every, my routine after every game in Cincinnati was always the same win or lose.


I'm going to jail. Alexander's in Hyde Park. I have a celebratory cigar win or lose obviously for forgetting outta the game healthy. And that was it. I did the same thing every, every after every game for a decade straight. And if the people, if corporate from J Alexander sees this, if y'all don't bring back them goddamn honey butter biscuits. I know something honey butter croissants. Oh man. Yeah. What you do, Jay? That's it. I normally just went home. I go get something occasionally. Hold on. Was there something, what? Was there something you, you went, got, you said you get No, I'm just asking.


They wanted no one something. You mean something to eat? It wa it wa yeah, yeah, yeah. It wasn't nothing going on. My body was, man, you know, I was leaving when I wasn't said, wasn't going on wanted time. It wasn't no safe going on. I wasn't, I wasn't gonna be able to do nothing. I a locked up on her and then she got a, I'd have to get an iv. I was like this here. So no, we, occasionally I would go, we'd go out to guys, we'd go get something to eat. But most of the time I would call ahead get a order black. There was this restaurant called black I pea, I would call ahead get chicken, rice, broccoli, corn, two two wheat rolls. Two and, and, and, and eliminate. He always discipline on his eating. Man, I have a quit prime. Did you eat healthy when you played? No. No.


Thank you Man. Thank you. I, I was so, I was so ignorant When I was in Atlanta, I had soul f cater for lunch for everybody, for the whole team. Man, you, I collard greens and rice and blackey pea baked chicken. We eating that for lunch, then go out there to practice. I was like, man, we have lost our mind, man. Thank you. Know what? Thank you. I I, because all I'm gonna do y'all eat that I'm going to sleep That I, I appreciate that. I'm glad, glad you that because I've been trying, I've been telling people for, for 30 something years. They, they, they don't listen to me. Nah, I Didn't, I wish I had it though. I wish I had it. I wish I had it. See, stayed in shape. But I, I didn't eat right. Right. I didn't eat right either. And I always stayed in shape. So I mean, Yeah, but you, you, you, you a freak genetically dog.


You, you could eat whatever you want. You still gonna stay lean you. But, But you know, I, I still, but I worked like a madman. I'm still working like a madman. I ain't got, I don't even play. Yeah, you just, you going to always be lean. That's your jeans. That's just who you are. And you never, and you, you don't, you don't have the disposition to put on weight. You don't understand that you're not gonna be two 50, you're not gonna be 300. Don't, Joe, that's not your body frame. Look how narrow I'm you see how your shoulders are. He don't like me to call him. Narrow your shoulder offended. Don't Look, I'm not, I'm two 20. What whatcha talking about? Narrow. Look. No, you never been, you never been 200 in your life. Have you? Yeah, I'm two 20 Right now. What y'all talking about been you never been? No. I don't think you've ever hit 200 in your life, have you?


Nah, never. Nah, hell no. Hey, hey, hey Prime. You know how they used to have the NFL experience? They had that jersey and the little kids go stick their head in that thing and you see little body hanging. That's what he looked like. He always ripped though. He always been shredded About rip. Now I'm ripped. Now. You always been, you always been that way. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't play. I will say this, my brother and I have never had a fight. Now he used to cheat and I used to beat him down, but we never had a fight. The only time my brother told me what he wasn't going to do was that he wasn't gonna go to Savannah State College.


And I said, that's good 'cause I'm on the way, bro. I'm, I'm leaving Columbia. I was in school at South Carolina. I'm leaving, bro, you're not going to the Army. That's not gonna happen. The only time he and I ever had a disagreement, I have never in my 59 years on this earth, tried to be his father. But we were always taught that if you have to look past your own dinner table to find a role model, there's something going on in your home. Mm. I only wanted him, Bobby Dandridge, his nickname was Mr. Clutch.


We had Franco Harris and, and, and Tony Dorsett. I wanted him to look at his own dinner table and be like, it's, remember it's the shepherd and the sheep thing. I never told him what to do. I never tried to instruct him. I never led him. I lived my life. But the wonderful thing, and and for those of you who have kids, you know this, the wonderful thing is he was watching and I am so proud. I'm, I'm proud of that guy right there because I'm proud of Chad because the perception, the persona and who he really is, is actually two totally different people.


You don't realize how hard it is for him to come out here and do that. That ain't who he is. That is not who he is. I'm ruining it for you and for him to, he didn't go through anything. He's led by a, by a higher power that put him where he wanted to be and what he went through on tv, he needed to go through that so he could get here. And sometimes, Many, many times in a family, you go through things that are hurtful. But he had to go through that to get to here.


And he had to be here to get him. And those two together doing some really good stuff. They're fun to watch. They, they, they talk about really good things. Not the anal part, but they talk about really good things. And I'm very proud of both of them. When we did the same things when we both played football, we could talk football. When we both did tv, we could talk tv. I play golf. He doesn't, so we don't have anything in common right now. But we can still find out how each one of us, how we're doing. And I, I'm very proud of how he handled the skip situation.


He, he almost, he almost lost it. The, the, the Afro-American almost came out. I know you saw it when the glasses went on the table, skip, I'm in the eling hall of Fame. I was like, I said to myself, that is the end of the Sharps on tv. That's it. Because I knew what was gonna come next. And I was like, skip, I hope you can fight. But no, I, I say that in jest. I never, I never thought he would lose control.


I was really shocked that he yelled and screamed. But he yelled and screamed not because of what Skip said. He yelled and screamed because he was so hurt that he, someone he liked and trusted would say or do that to him. And he would never say this, I'm not on tv. I don't do anyone else's media at all except PGA tour golf. I go on their show, but I don't do anybody else's because you can't ask me about him because I'm not going to give you anything about him. Do I like his success? You're gonna have to use your own imagination. Do I think he is doing the right thing?


You're gonna have to use your imagination. I do not talk about him. Everybody goes, when you gonna be on Club Shehe? And I was like, I was first before it became Club Shehe and, and Chad, they were famous. I went on then. 'cause I was like, I see where this train going. And this is way before Kat Wig. I do not want to be anywhere near where this thing's going. So Club Shea and Nightcap, I could say this, this is probably the last time you'll see me publicly because they are going in a totally different stratosphere.


And I, and I want to thank Cam Newton. I told Cam Backstage I'm very impressed by him because they are a lot alike. And, and you have to admit, cam is the largest human being you've ever seen. Dude is gigantic. You say you was disappointed that your former coach was there when you got there. Y'all came in together. If I'm not mistaken, Ron Rivera didn't call you. Yeah. When he was in Washington. Why did that upset you so much? That was my dog. Like, we've been through so much. I always hear his voice in my head. Yeah, kiddo.


You know, man, this, that, like I say this respectfully, he raised me and I raised him. He was a rookie head coach. I was a rookie player. I was not going to allow him to fail in Carolina. Not under my watch. Right? Because there's the oath. And as it is, it's just in us as athletes that when somebody takes a chance on you, no matter what round it is, you feel obligated to give. 'cause they've, no matter what you wanna say, they've allowed you the opportunity to take care of your bloodline.


So when, what was happened or what had happened in Carolina with me and Coach Rivera, we had numerous talks and discussions about the game of football and about life. So when I was going through the transition of being out of Carolina, I was like, yo, at least I was damn coach. And it wasn't just him. See, that's the thing, I can't blame a head coach because he may not have picking power. But Marty Herney the same thing. He was, he drafted me, right? He was in DC And he said, no, It's, I'm gonna take it a step further.


The head trainer that they had, Ryan Vermilion was there. Nobody. So me going through this whole resurgence like, yo, like damn. I kept asking my agent, I'm like, yo, they ain't called Washington ain't called What's going on? So maybe that you weren't as close as you previously thought. Man, I'm an action person, bro. I'm an action person and I teach my children this. Man, I could tell you anything, but if I don't prove on a day-to-day basis that I love What I showed you Dog, that don't mean nothing to me. Have you had a conversation with him? Have you spoken To him? No, sir.


Not, not like we said, nah, it's not no beef and I don't want nobody to kind of take, what I'm saying is that I'm angry because there was a business decision that has to be made. And I was, and I knew I was coming off a shoulder injury. Is is that that's all it was. It was like for me to just say, Hey kiddo, how you doing? Hey, how you feeling though? Let's come up here for a physical. Let me really do a deep dive. We can't do. That's, that's, that's the relationship we had. And it was the things. And I told Coach Rivera, I was like, yo, this was in Carolina. I was like, in any short yarded situation, coach, give me the fucking ball.


The Volume. It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment. But a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com, sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Sure, the Hollywood Reporter makes it easy to stay on top of news about film, tv, fashion, culture, and the business of Hollywood.


But to make it even easier, head to thr.com and subscribe to our newsletters like Feinberg Forecast and be in the know on the latest about award season or sign up for today in entertainment for a good sense of what's happening in the industry. Our THR charts newsletter highlights what content is trending and worth watching and where to find it. Head to thr.com for all of those and more and subscribe to our newsletters today. When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free.


Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for champion league match live exclusively on Paramount plus.


Head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today. Plug in a Hyundai EV. And the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 ionic five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.