(1s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we start it together. Watch the Today. Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NB. Cba looking for excitement.

(18s):
Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the cmba life@cmbacasino.com. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.

(49s):
Oh, Tasty High note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this leaf blower, PayPal could pay for your purchase, the great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary in July 18th to see official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per Cart.

(1m 18s):
You know, some people say that Oo, business management software is like fertilizer, the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, ooo is all of these things, fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com, o doo.com, The Volume.

(2m 6s):
Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, your favorite of Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And joining us tonight, we have a very special guest to help us break down all things NBA and he will be chiming in on the Sha Sanders going 1 44 to the Cleveland Browns. He's an NCA champ with the Kentucky Wild Cast in 1996. He's an NBA Champ 2006 with the Miami Heat, A career 17 and a half point score in the NBA three time All star Antoine Walker Wan. Thanks for joining us.

(2m 47s):
Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for your continued support because without you, there can be no us and especially in times like this, we really need your support. So thank you very much. Make sure you check out Shape by LaPorte eight. We do have it in stock now. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. She Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.

(3m 26s):
Everything has restocked, the link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale now. Eight stops are be more Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, YC, Chicago. And we're gonna close things out in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. Guests are shaping up real nice guys, you don't wanna miss this. So we come into a city near you, make sure you come out and check out Nightcap with UNC and ocho. We would greatly, greatly appreciate your support.

(4m 9s):
We got a lot of get into s ur stuff. He finally got drafted and his brother is a free agent. He's going to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. But first we gotta go with basketball. The last two games were very interesting to the very end. The first one, ocho, y'all in trouble. Y'all in trouble. But let's start with the Warriors with a 1 0 4 93 victory. Steph Curry got it going. Hey, when he's off the court, they're not the same team, but he came back and they are very different team. 36 points, seven rebounds, nine assists. They did all of this without Jimmy Butler. They got some timely, I think Buddy Hill had 17 points gp the second two, he came up the bench man and he was sensational playing outstanding defense.

(4m 55s):
Yeah. And made some timely threes and he really closed the game out. Steph Curry is the oldest player in NBA history to have a playoff game in which he scored 30 points, five rebounds, five assists with five made threes. Steph Curry assisted or scored on 16 of the 23 points they had in the third quarter. The Warriors did not score a single basket with Steph. Wasn't on the court in the first half. That just goes to show you just how valuable he is because he opened it up for so many other people because you have to double him because he has unlimited range. Kwan, you watching this game and it looked like Houston, like oh damn, Houston might go on the road and steal the first one on the road playing very, very well.

(5m 36s):
Jalen Green was playing out of his mind. String goon DB Dillon Brooks playing well, but he got in foul trouble and he goes to the bench. What did you like about what you saw from the Warriors then? How were they able to pull this out after being behind the majority of the game? Actually, I really, to be honest, I like the fact that, You know, Steph obviously played great. You know, he is gonna have to have a monster game with Jimmy being out. But man, buddy Hill and, and Gary Page II man came up huge. You know those, when those guys score the basketball, they become real dangerous. And that's what they need. Because Draymond Grant, at this point in his career, is not gonna score the ball. He's gonna do a lot of intangibles. He's gonna rebound, he's gonna defend, he's gonna get some steals. So they gotta get scoring for Steph.

(6m 17s):
You know when you gotta have somebody else that's gonna help step out. And that's what made it great tonight to see those guys step up. You never know what's gonna happen with Gold State. You know, Steve Ks been messing with Minga this series too, hasn't really been letting him play. So you don't know who's gonna show up big, especially with Jimmy out. Boy, huge game. And Steph be Steph. That's one thing about, You know, Steph probably can win two games in a series by himself. And this was one of tonight. Yeah, at this point in his career, Draymond is red. He's never been a score. He doesn't really look to score. He's looking to do a great job of handling the ball setting great picks, rebounding, defending, as you mentioned and initiating the offense. Gary Peyton, the second in the fourth quarter, he had 11.3. Brent rebounds, one assist.

(6m 59s):
He was a hundred percent from the floor, a hundred percent from the three he played exceptional in the second when he got in there. He and Buddy Hill as you mentioned, Twan Ocho. What'd you like about what you saw from the Warriors? I mean, listen, I, I like what I saw from the Warriors. Obviously Steph did what Steph normally does. But listen, like to said, I thought the rocker, I thought the rocker was gonna steal a game, especially with the way they were playing Steph. They had somebody running track and everywhere, all over the court, You know them young bull, You know, every, everybody over there young. So he tried, they trying to set screen to set fix and they on Steph and they contested everything, make it every shot, difficult all the way up until the half. And, and listen, he just exploded in the second half hitting a lot of shots. But I think one of the reasons with Jimmy, with Jimmy Butler being out, obviously you need step to have a game like this today and he can go off like this and win win a game by himself.

(7m 43s):
He had 36, 12 or 23 and, but the supporting cast Buddy Hill went crazy with 17. Gary Payton Jr. Contributed as well was 16. And the Warriors bench outscored the rockets 42 to 31. And that was a major factor in why they were able to win this game. Well it looked like they started out early twa, they was blissing, they was trapping him, getting the ball out of his head. They wanna make him give it up. And, and I, if you notice later in Steph career, Steph is sometimes I thought early he would force the three. Steph doesn't have a problem putting the ball on the floor and going to the basket, not Twan. That makes him dangerous because if you before like, Hey, nah bro, you not go, we not worried about you driving the ball, so You know, we gonna hug up on you. Nah, Steph say, nah, he handles too good bro.

(8m 25s):
'cause I can put it on, I can go behind my back between my legs and I can finish with either hand. And he's unafraid to shoot that mid range also. So he's his game when he gets that three ball going when he shoots the ball and he's turning, he's talking, I got something for y'all, y'all. Hey y'all get that. Be dangerous, one, be dangerous. Listen, I I I stick with Houston, You know, has to respect the fact that Steph Curry is who he is, obviously one of the greatest players of all time. You gotta double it. Take the ball his hands. You gotta make one of those other guys see if they can get 20, 25 points tonight. You can't allow Steph, especially the game once Jimmy Butler was not playing, I would've double stepped the whole game. I wouldn't allow Steph to beat me.

(9m 5s):
I would've seen, if I would've seen him minga, I would've seen a buddy hill, Gary, Peyton a second. Even though Buddy Hill, the game a second I thought played terrific tonight. Let's see if they can do it in an all, all series law. I'm not gonna just let them beat me. I'm not, I can't let Steph beat me if he has no, You know, he's gonna have one of those nights where nobody's gonna be able to, but you gotta flat out guard him and double team him as much as possible and make somebody else beat you if Houston wants to win, right? 'cause Houston don't have enough scoring. I love Houston. I love the fact, I love their mentality. I love the way they play. They play hard. But You know, in this league you gotta score some points. They, they just don't have enough firefighter offensively. So if you go, if you're not gonna be able to score the basketball, you gotta defend at a really, really high level.

(9m 47s):
I think the thing is Kwan, is that they're so athletic and they're used to getting up and down, but You know, come playoff time, they're gonna make your ass play in the half court. So you be, you better be able to run some sets. And that's what say if you go back and look at Golden State, look at when they run that made their run, they would've able to run, set step is perpetual motion. He's not gonna stop. So if you Think you got him guarded on one side, you better tell the guy, Hey Harry, come over to you so he can be on his best behavior because he and somebody's gonna set a pick because, so you have to watch him, you have to keep, literally keep your eyes on him at all times because if you turn your head for just a second, he'll backdoor you. Oh yeah. Or they'll hit that flare to him to the corner and then now he's splashing the thread in your eyes and you're like, well, damn, damn.

(10m 29s):
And you can guard good for 21, 22, 23 seconds and he'll let the ball go and it splash. And it's so demoralizing when you play defense for that long twan and you don't have anything to show for it. Go ahead, Ocho. No, I I, I'm, I'm gonna say, gonna say the same thing. I think the rockers did a very, very good job in trying to contain him and do as much as they can to disrupt his rhythm, obviously in the first half. But no one would, even though they would, even though they have the younger legs, they were unable, they were unable to continue to do that. Obviously Steph going off and at some point he's one of those players on, and no matter what the game plan is, you just hope to contain them because you're not gonna be able to stop him.

(11m 9s):
And that's what young boy did tonight. Yeah. If the thing is, if, if he see one or two of 'em go in and you can, you can play the perfect defense and you saw the, I mean, he'll start falling outta bounds and launching the ball, you're like, that ain't got no business going in. Yeah, that should not have fallen, but it does. And it gives him a, a, a jolt of energy. So now you got your work cut out for him because like wan say, you might have to blitz him or trap him at half court. You've gotta make him give that ball up and make someone else beat you. I'm gonna see, let's see if Buddy Hill can go get 36. Right? Let's see Gary Payton a second, if he can go get mid twenties, because I cannot let step do what he does and let these auxiliary guys do what they're do by adding to that.

(11m 51s):
If, if you do that, you're asking for a lot. But I agree with you, Twan, I thought with minus Jimmy Butler, I said, You know what I, anybody but Steph, anybody but Steph, a, BS, anybody but Steph. And You know what, and, and thing, and I, I have a lot of respect for you, Doug. I think he's one of the Greg Young coaches in the league. I just gotta make somebody else beat me. I cannot let Steph beat me once Jimmy Butler puts a DNP and he don't put that uniform on. I'm making somebody else beat me. I just, I just can't do it. I can't, I can't see Steph with 37, 40 points and really controlling and dominating the game. I'm pretty sure they gonna look at the film and uc is a little stubborn.

(12m 32s):
We all know that you gotta, I mean Steph, Steph is probably top 10, top 15 player ever. Play the game. Let's respect that. Yes. And let's double team. Let's respect and double team and force somebody else to beat you. He can't just play hard in those defense unless you got one of those guys. I know Dylan Brooks is his defensive specialist and he knows he's tough. But if you don't have a guy that's gonna chase and run for 40 minutes, what Steph is gonna do and, and the guy's gonna have to ball his hand the whole game, just double team him, get it outta his hands and make somebody else beat you. Well, I thought Dylan Brooks got in foul trouble. And the problem is that you have is that he knows the type of defense that Dylan Brooks is gonna play on him. I Think you gotta give him a lot of different looks because it's just like anything you give a guy enough, he'll build up the resistance to it and he'll understand, okay, this is how you're gonna play me.

(13m 17s):
This is the way you play. Okay, this is what I need to do. So, and once Dylan Brooks got in fire trouble, they, You know, they tried in Thompson on him, they tried some, some other different guys, but now you let him see a couple of those shots go in and, and, and You know, the NBA is such a rhythm game. A guy, a guy that might not be one of these great players. Yeah, he see a couple of shots go in my, and also too, don't forget to add Golden State at home, so You know, yes. You know, go stay at home. So, You know, you tend to play better. Not only just the role players play better at home, your main guy play better home. I mean obviously you want your your star to get your big game on the road, but You know, Steph has huge games in that arena. You get I think about that too, that home crowd too.

(13m 59s):
So I'm just gonna try to disrupt them, get them out their rhythm. They missing a key piece on that missing Jimmy Butler guy that brings so much to their team. You got the double team staff. There's no other way that you're gonna be to beat Golden State, especially at home because those others are gonna play better at home. They, they, You know, at home it's just, it's kinda like a, it's an ongoing saying that the others play better at home. You know, they, they just, they feed off the crowd. They, you get great production from those guys at home. Now, if you want that strategy on the road at Houston, okay, maybe, but at home those guys are gonna make shots. They're gonna feed off the crowd. And that's when you seen Buddy Hill and, and Gary Peyton second have nice nights. Not only did you let Steph go get 36, you let him have nine assists.

(14m 41s):
So now you allowed him to bring others to the party. Mm. Yeah. It was supposed to be a a i I told you it was Steph, not a plus one, plus two. Steph was supposed to come to the party by himself, Juan. So now you let him meet two other guys in the, in the party. So now if three, when it was only supposed to be one, I seen him one. I didn't say a one plus one or one plus two. I said step, you invited to this party. Okay? Lo and behold he bring Buddy Hill and and Gary Payton a second. Now look what, look what happened. They all dancing, they done got rid of the dj, they playing their own type of music. O joke. They doing what they w hey, You know, You know matchups mean everything too though. You know, sometimes it does, You know, You know, if I'm used to it, I may not want that matchup.

(15m 24s):
You know that sometimes that can happen because their key players are battle tested in these situations, right? Houston isn't. You see Steph Curry, Draymond, they've been here, done that. Although Jimmy hasn't won a title, he's taken a team to the NBA finals. Oh yeah. Twice. So he know what it was like. Kaon, Looney, he's done that. Minga and Moody, they was on that team. Although they didn't get very much, very many minutes, they understand these moments. Houston haven't been in these moments before. It is a different type of an atmosphere. It's a different type of environment and you have to be there and be in it to understand what it's actually like.

(16m 4s):
I'm not so sure that these guys understand what it's like. You're like, oh, you have to go through the fire. That's why it's so hard for first timers to win the championship. Now it's happened, but you need to be battle tested in situations like that. And I don't think Houston is battle tested enough in that situation. And another thing, Twan, who's their go-to guy, you see most teams, they gotta go to Guy. They gonna go to, yeah, the Celtic, excuse me, Celtics gonna go either to JT or jb. Yeah, you got the Clippers, they gonna put the ball in Kauai hands or they gonna put it in James Harden. You get the nuggets. Jamal Murray or Yolks ing that ball. Lakers you got, you got LeBron, you got Luca, you got Ant Man for the opposing team, you got Ben Carroll.

(16m 47s):
I don't know if I can definitively say I wanna get the ball to this guy right here and let him go do something special. I think they're, they're, they're built on, they're an assembly type team. So, You know, hopefully guys playing well, we can get out on the break and use our athleticism and our youth. But when they get you in a half court set, you better have somebody that can go one-on-one or who's getting late in the ballgame. You need that person. I mean, hey wan before you, before you answer, obviously I think about Van Bleek, You know, a veteran, veteran presence. He, he's on the court. He's, he's used to being one of the guys that normally has the ball in his hands and can create and make things happen. But Dray and Green is their guy. He's supposed to be their guy.

(17m 28s):
Oh, he's the one that can make things happen. He can, he he can put the ball on the floor, he can create space, he can take people on one-on-one. So collectively as a group, they have to get it done. If, based on what you're saying, if they don't have their Anthony a if they don't have their Luca, their LeBron on their team or their Steph Curry, Jalen Green has to step up and be that guy, especially in moments like this and use the youth to their advantage. You, you just, you start, when you start off with your question, you named everybody a superstar or two on each everybody team. When you think about Houston, like you say Chad, it's by committee, it's not really Yeah, one guy we can really pinpoint that's gonna be that guy. And that's something that eventually the upper management, they're gonna have to try to go out there and maybe get a, a guy a a a a-list start Kevin Durant to go along with the group they got because they gotta, well yeah, they got, I would love to see him with a young court like this.

(18m 20s):
I would love to see him with a young court like this, but they don't have that guy. So this is their first time going through it. So I just think, well Jalen Green's still young doesn't understand, he hasn't played well this series either. He didn't play well at home and he hasn't really played well 'cause he gotta think Superstar chance play last game. Twan the first game play well, gotta put the last games. You gotta put that thing up 25 times, 25, 30 times. Give myself a chance, You know, if I'm gonna be a superstar, I gotta give myself a chance, especially on the road. I gotta, I gotta somebody on that. Houston team's gotta stay up every Never slam big. He's been there before. If he's a Fred, Fred's been there. Get get on my back. Yeah, somebody's gotta take a look. Hey, it's not

(19m 0s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today with Summer. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch the Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.

(19m 30s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.

(19m 58s):
What's Good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know it's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available bulls personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guess is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 with available HD enhanced intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features, snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture, and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival.

(21m 1s):
This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 oh mg. Aging is a natural process as we all know and we at the deep dive we embrace it. But I will tell you one thing about aging that I don't care for. It's the symptoms that stem from changing hormones, especially as you get closer to perimenopause and menopause. That's why listeners I wanna tell you about happy mammoths Hormone harmony, it's all over social media. Happy mammoth. The company that created hormone harmony uses science-backed ingredients that have been proven to work for women. Hormone harmony is perfect for those menopause symptoms that put a woman's life on hold. Hot flashes, night sweats, racing thoughts, low moods, poor sleep, gas, no desire to be in bed next to someone if You know what I mean. Yeah, hormone harmony can help with all of these things. I've noticed a little extra pep in my steps since I started taking the hormone harmony supplement and I love feeling more energetic. For a limited time you can get 15% off on your entire first order@happymammoth.com. Just use the code Garth at checkout.

(22m 22s):
I don't think Fred has played well Go Go ahead Ojo. Go ahead, go ahead. Make your joke. No, I I'm wanna ask Wan, hey Wan, based on when it team to team now you could, you could probably give me a little help on this team to team. Obviously you have certain players that have the green light to be able to put the ball up and shoot whenever they want, You know, regardless of whether they're missing trying to get themselves in the rhythm. Isn't Jalen Green that guy that has that green light to be able to do that? Oh, without question. He definitely has that green light. Yeah, he probably, You know, he's probably the only, he's probably one A and I'm gonna say Fred, maybe one B the guys that have the green light that could just come down and shoot. I'm gonna just say those two guys have it. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Jalen Green did not play well.

(23m 2s):
He was four of 11, one for five. It was kind of a very similar situation in game one in which they played and they ended up losing that game and the game really wasn't close. They made, they made a run at Golden State late in the ball game. But the game I think it got, the close they got was maybe four or six with a co with a like a minute to go. But he has to play, he has to play better. I don't think Fred Van Fleet has played well this year. Now I know he's been nicked wan and I know he's more than capable. That's why he got the big money to come to Toronto. But he hasn't played well and he, in order for them to win, because he's the one that's been in these situations with Toronto, he won a championship.

(23m 42s):
So he knows what it's like. But I think in order for them to have a chance, they gonna, he's, he's gonna have to play much better than what he's playing. I, I got, I got so much respect for you Doka. I don't think the series is over, but this is gonna be a deep series I think. I think Houston has a chance to, to make some adjustments. They can see what they did wrong and really respond to this because you don't know how long Jimmy's out have, we haven't got the word how long Jimmy's gonna be out if Jimmy has to sit a couple games, this series is still wide open. Now if you get Jimmy back, they probably gonna be a little outnumbered to be able to beat, to beat the Golden State Warriors. But if Jimmy's not gonna sit out, which I'm probably sure Steve Kerr's probably gonna say, Hey, you got a game.

(24m 25s):
Yep, I agree. I agree. He's gonna probably say, take the next game off, let's get you to a hundred percent and get you back to a hundred percent. So I just think that this young team, this is their first time going and we got, we got so much respect for 'em because they had such a great season and they, they have three seats but they, they're in experienced a little big. You see some of the, oh I'm sorry two C, you're right. So we we're putting a lot of, we put a lot of thought that they're gonna be really good. But you see the mistakes, you seeing them right now? Yeah. Throughout the game and throughout the series. The mistakes that they're making and I, I don't know if they're gonna be able to recover. Steph is too good. They got them veteran guys, everybody on on Golden State have been in meaningful games throughout their career. It's gonna be hard to beat Golden State. This was the game they needed without Jimmy Tonight.

(25m 6s):
You could have put a little pressure on Golden State. Now I think Golden State feels good about they self, but when you think about it, you thought about all the teams that could potentially be the seventh seed. I think all of 'em pretty much would've been favored if the Clippers the seven seed. I think they would've been favored over Houston. I think damn be anybody, Minnesota, I think they would've been favored over Houston. Golden State is favorite over Houston. I think Lakers would've been favored. I I, I don't see a scenario because of their youth and because of the lack of, because every, every team that I mentioned, they have a bonafide superstar, right? Some have two The nuggets, You know, we know you just said the magic word. You just said the magic word. You gotta, You know this, you gotta have superstars play all time during the season because your legs are fresh and you guys know this store season and everything else.

(25m 52s):
Young guys gonna have fresh legs. Older guys are just gonna take them a while to rev up because playout time, they know how to win. They know how to preserve. There's no back. It's no back to back games. Nobody ever talk about that. I always tell people it's no back to back games. So when you get time to get that button to get rejuvenated, get in the cold tub, get yourself back together. That's why it doesn't bother Golden State a team like that that has some veterans on their team. They gonna get a couple days off. They right back at it, but they get the rest. But these young guys gotta understand that and figure out different ways to be effective. I think with Houston you have to respect what they have and that's double team step, right? You can't let Steph beat you. If I'm your doca, I'm gonna put my pride to the side.

(26m 32s):
I know they wanna be the sub defensive team and you supposed to have a couple guys that can guard individually. I'm gonna respect Steph as a top 10 player to ever play this game. And I'm gonna double team him and make Buddy Hill, make Gary Peyton. Just that a second. Beat me moody, minga somebody. Yeah, they gotta beat me. I'm not gonna, it's gonna, I'm going like back in the old school days, I'm running across the half court. I'm chopping Steph just, just forcing it out his hand a little bit. Making some other guys take some shots. You can't have a night like tonight when you get four or five other guys in double figures and Steph gets sturdy. That's gonna be tough to beat in that way. You are absolutely right. And another thing you lo I'm central, I ain't going nowhere because guess what?

(27m 13s):
I ain't gotta play. I ain't gotta play in Orlando and then leave that night and go to and go to go to Miami. Miami. Right. Oh that's true. And then come back up the road and go to Atlanta and then I hit Charlotte and then I'm up to BI ain't got no long road trade. I'm here so I might be here for four days but I'm here. I don't have any travel. Whereas in the regular season you got travel and like you said, those young legs can take advantage. Now we stationary, we ain't going nowhere until we leave and have to go back home. Well that favors a team that's been there that knows what it's like to be in situations like this and to be able to like to to to to like okay this is what we need to do. Lock in this right here. And yeah, teams that have been here, Ocho, they know how to put you in the half court setting.

(27m 56s):
You when you gotta be, you got to be able, they not gonna let you get up and down. They not gonna let you get up and down. You've got to, you've got to execute in a half court set. And execution normally comes from guys that have been there. Right. And as Wan keeps saying, superstar players look at the teams and look at they have at least one, some of them have two Yeah. Superstar players that understand this moment and how to get it done. Go ahead. The reason, it's the reason why Golden State made, it's the reason why Golden State made the trade they did for Jimmy Bucker. They wasn't gonna lease cont they knew they couldn't continue to lease Steph Curry on that island by himself. Don't get me wrong, I love Dre, I love Draymond Green's probably gonna be a hall of Fame, but Draymond, Draymond Green is not a a score.

(28m 37s):
He's a more of a, You know, utility player gonna get you four, five rebounds, six 7 cents play defense. He's gonna do all the intangibles. But they needed another bonafide score to go along with Steph Cur. And that's why you saw the additional of Jimmy Butler. So that's the same thing with Houston. You're figuring this out right now. You had an exceptional season. I'm not saying it's serious is over, but you have to respect what you got right now on the roster. You don't have a guy, you don't know who's gonna get 25 or 30 foot Houston. We gotta wait and see. No. You know what I mean? We don't know right now. We we we waiting to see who's gonna show up and you asking some young guys, Janet Green, these guys's first time around in the rodeo, second time playing meaningful games like this. It takes some time.

(29m 17s):
But you gotta respect Steph. All I'm gonna say, I would love to see you Doka. Don't be stubborn. Respect Steph, double him and make somebody else beat you. That's how I Wanna go. You know, Hey. Yeah, I mean listen and to, to make the, make the series obviously interesting. Also the head coach Ido, he could go talk to Van, he could talk to You know, brother Green and say man listen, in order for to have a chance, not only are we gonna double step, double step and do what we need to do defensively on him, you got the exertive injury. But on the officer end, man y'all, if you see it, pull it. If you see it, pull it every time. Yeah. I need you to put up 25, 20, 22, 25 shots a game. It's the, it's the only way because we don't have, because we don't have a a bonafide superstar.

(30m 0s):
I need one of y'all to fill that role and put your cape on. Yeah, yeah. But if they don't win this game, it's over. 'cause I don't believe they can beat 'em three times in a row. If Golden State win this next game at home, it's over series, over Twan. They're not beating them. They're not beating them games in a row. No, this was the big, this was the big game at night. You need to steal this with you. You left one slip away on your own floor, which obviously that killed you. You would love to go on the golden state of two. Oh that didn't happen. So when that doesn't happen, You know you gotta win game three to get controlled back of the series. Yes. Now it's like the Golden State. 'cause now you, you're able to win one without Jimmy. Now he gets two games off.

(30m 40s):
Now what a couple days sprinkling at rest. So you don't even have to bring him back. 'cause worst case scenario you two two. So now you get Jimmy to get a chance. If you get a few extra days rest, it's just gonna be tough for Houston because they're gonna have to find scoring. I don't know where that's gonna come from. That's still young Jabari Smith. Those young guys don't have enough mental toughness to say, Hey, I'm gonna get 20 shots up. They ain't did it all year. They play by committee, You know what I mean? They're not gonna shoot the ball and be aggressive like that. So it's gonna be tough to do that. But they gonna be competitive. They're gonna be games like tonight. They're gonna compete. Your dunks gonna have them ready. But I just think they're a little outmatched sometimes matchups matter in the playoffs and I think they're a little outmatched right now, Say Twan.

(31m 23s):
So there's no scenario in which you, you See to that game. Yeah. So there's no scenario in which you see the Rockets even having a chance. You really think the series is over. You gotta win with it with no Jimmy Butler. You gotta get the win. And so you can now, You know I'm, I'm assuming that Steve k gonna probably Steve Krs gonna probably again, I Think you him line. Maybe I can get Jimmy a couple extra. Yeah, me too. So you arrest Jimmy again. Worst case, you still two two. I still like Golden State in that scenario. Right? You had to win the night I think tonight you had to take over the series and then you build that confidence and then now Jimmy may wanna play the next game. He not feeling a hundred percent right. You know what I'm saying?

(32m 4s):
Now he comes back and now he can kind of throw that rhythm off a little bit. But now I think the momentum's completely in Golden State hand. They in control of the series now the most interesting game of the night, the Nuggets and the Clippers and all of these games with the exception of game three. 'em come right down to the end. The series of Na Tie two two and Wan, I don't know if you're old enough to remember when this happened. The first thing went through my mind. NC State Houston 1983 and oh yeah, Albuquerque, New Mexico. Gary was there. Berg shoots the shot. Lorenzo Charles dunks it in at the buzzer. They beat Elijah Clyde Drexel, that great Houston Cooper team coached by coach Guy Lewis rest his soul and they pull off the national championship.

(32m 45s):
Very, very similar situation. Replay center officials confirmed the ruling. It was a good basket. The ball was out of his hand when the buzzer went off. According to ESPN research, Aren Gordon Dunk was the first ever game winning, beating, dunk in NBA postseason history. Yoic, he's Yoic. Look, shave gonna win the MVP. Yoic is the best player in the NBA 36 points. 21 rebounds eight assist two steals. He joins. John says the only players with a 35, 25 playoff game over the last 20 season. He was great when he needed to be. Great. And I, I don't even, I don't know what, what, I don't know what ad work adjectives or adverbs or whatever we want to use to describe this man.

(33m 30s):
Yeah, but we can't s say we can't sing his praise or heap praise on him enough. That third quarter was, was a thing of beauty. They, they stretched the lead, the 25, the 20. But I know, You know, I'm noticing this and tell me, am I, am I delusional when teams get down? Seems like everybody likes to jump into that zone. The clippers jumped into a zone and it really, and it really threw 'em out their rhythm because the guys started taking early threes. Michael before the junior couple took a couple, I think Aren Gordon took a couple. I think Murray took a couple and it allowed them to get, and they started trapping for some turnovers and they got themselves back into the ball game.

(34m 11s):
But the nuggets absolutely had to win this game in order to make this a series. I can see this being a seven game series. What did you like about what you saw from the fight and the determination? Because normally Twine, you have a lead that big and you lose it and the team take the lead. You like we cooked Honestly, You know, whatever championship team you just saying it right now. Those guys been in the war, they've been there before. They don't get rattled. I think with Clippers, and you just alluded to it a little bit, you gotta pick your poison. I mean, don't get me wrong, Yoko is gonna get his numbers, but you gotta decide it's gonna be 36 or 26. And what I mean by you gotta double him and double you gotta double him with a purpose. I can't get him get a triple double with 30 because now the chance are you're gonna lose that game if he's able to get 30 points.

(34m 58s):
Yes. I you have to make, you gotta make Murray, you have to make, You know, Gordon, you have to make Michael Porter Jr. Beat you. You have to decide. T Lewis has is a great basketball mind. Jeff Van Gundy, I know it's over there orchestrating the defense. You can't let him have his cake and eat two y'all. Y'all guys are that saying too, when you ever got your cake and eat it, two, you can't give 'em both. You gotta take away one. And they didn't do that tonight. When you, when you look at the numbers, you see 36, 21 and eight. That mean he, he did everything. You gotta, you gotta take got 86. Yeah. I rather have, I'd rather 'em have 15 assists and 20 points. Now normally I got a chance, right? But if you gonna give them 30 points, they don't have a chance to beat them. The Clippers gotta remember the Clippers are missing a really important piece of the scoring from last year.

(35m 40s):
Obviously Paul George is a big piece to replace on the scoring side. Norman Powell's great today. They're not getting much at the point guard position as far as scoring. If the Clippers are not, they're kind of doing that by committee. I think the big Fells playing as good as you can play zoo box. He's, You know, box played up, excuse me, he's playing unbelievable. You're playing against, You know, arguably the best center ever to play the game. You know, he may end up as the best center ever to play the game. You're playing him one-on-one most of the time and trying to guard him and score up. So they're doing a good job in that, in that sense. I just think the Clippers have to make a decision on we can't give 'em both. Which one are we gonna give him? Are we gonna make him a passer or are we gonna let him be a scorer?

(36m 21s):
I I ain't gonna lie to you, he's that good. I don't know what you one to do right now. You know, it's hard. Yeah, I would have to watch. It's hard. I would have to really watch the film Chad. I ain't gonna lie. I gotta watch the film and like, kinda figure out maybe the percentages, You know, these guys are analytical now, so maybe these guy, maybe some percentages that can tell you which way to go. But man, I can't, I can't sit and watch 'em do both. But hey, this is the thing too, too, right? Twan, listen what happened if you do, if you do doubling, you doubling you, you catch him up top, you catch him down in the post and you double him, force him to kick the ball out. But when you have Michael Porter Jr. Christian Braun, you got Jamal Murray playing and contributing the way they are tonight, it wouldn't matter if he does get 20, if he doesn't get 30, they going, they going counter for the points that he does score with the way they played tonight.

(37m 7s):
Well, I wanna see him get five guys. I wanna see him get five guys a double figures again, I'm gonna try to lose that weight, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna lessen that 30, okay? I'm gonna make that 36, 23 at least, right? I don't want it to be 30. It can't be 36 and five guys of double figures. That's what happened tonight. You get that. They can't, you can't nobody beat them like that. Right? Right, right. And plus the thing is, is that you let him get it in an efficient manner. Now if he gets 36 and it took him 30 shots, then you could live with that Twan. Great point. That's a great point. You let, you let him get that, you let him get those numbers in an efficient manner. He's 14 to 25. Yeah, that's a great point. I just Think you, you gonna let him, you go ahead. If I got, if I got, I know Jeff Ney, we all know Jeff v Gunney, great defensive mind won of the greatest defensive minds that the coach basketball, he has to, he's winning against Michael Jordan.

(37m 53s):
He's winning against Kobe Bryant. He's one against some of the greatest scores to ever played a game. You gotta decide which one. You can't just take both of 'em. You can't just let this guy, you, you can't, you can't take the, you can't take the triple double and the 30 points. You can't have to happen. I gotta, you gotta make a decision on whether or not I'm like to double team this guy and make him a passer. They nuggets only hit 10 threes tonight. They didn't hit a lot of threes, they hit 10. No, the clips hit 10. So, You know, you, you even in the three point category tonight, so I gotta take my chance. I might respect this guy could possibly be the MVP again. He's probably the right, You know, one of the top five greatest senator to ever play the game. You have to respect guys. That's what I'm saying about Steph. You have to respect guys and what they bring to the game and how much a difference they make to their team.

(38m 38s):
I can't let Joker have both of 'em. That's just me. I'm not going right. Ift lu T Lou, you gotta figure out. I'm not gonna let him do both. Yeah, I thought, I thought, You know, they, they, the other night he had a triple double, but it, it was, You know, in a losing effort. I mean he was since, I mean he's, he, he's Nicole, there's a reason why he's won three MVPs in the last five years. He's probably gonna finish second this year. He's been second. Every other time that he didn't win the award. I don't think this year's gonna be any different. He's sensational because we've never seen a center that can do all that he can do on the offensive end. He has no weakness. Footwork is impeccable. He can shoot the three. He has a turnaround. He can play with his back to the basket.

(39m 18s):
He can, he can, he can run the offense. Hey, you come with a double team. He knows. Oh, that's you. So my man, this guy's supposed to be over here without even looking. Who, who He's IQ basketball player. That's what I mean. You gotta re that's what I mean Sha you gotta respect him. Yeah, respect the skillset, respect what he brings to the table and try to take something away. And then you gotta try to double team, get his ball outta his hands. Make somebody else beat you. I wanna take my chances. I'm, I'm, if it's me, I'm a double team him and I'm gonna see how many Michael Porter, Jamal Murray, see if Aren go, I'm gonna see how many shots those guys can make. I'm gonna see if one of those guys can go off.

(39m 58s):
I'm gonna try to just double change, jump or frustrate him, get it outta his hand. They, they need, they need a little bit more from, I think they need to get a little bit more from Chris Dunn. I thought Kauai played really well, especially in the second half. The, the fourth, that fourth quarter. He was really good. Zbox has giving you everything. I mean he's giving you what he average in the regular season 19 and 12 Harden. I like to see Harden be a little bit more aggressive. He only took 11 shots. I I like to see Harden around 15 to 18. I think he's, I think he's trying to pick his spots if you kind of watch him. He's not like overly aggressive. He's trying to get his teammates involved. But I think at certain times he has to be aggressive when they go to that Ben Simmons lineup.

(40m 38s):
Ben Simmons ain't even, and I and I, Ben not even looking at the basket, Shane, he ain't even looking at the back. So when, You know what I'm saying, Chad, he not looking at the basket. So by him not looking at the basket, bro, he in the game, he's kinda like, You know, he's on a team. It's six against four when he not looking at the basket. So that may be a time where James go, You know, get into his one-on-one game and, and try to be a lot more aggressive. But I do agree with you, you need, it's them nights. You need that 30, that 35 like, You know, went Kawhi Kauai went only had that 30, 35 point performance. You need James and Kawhi guys to go get those numbers because you're not gonna get much, You know, at that center spot besides when, You know, when Ben is in the game. And I know they like to play that lineup because they get right.

(41m 21s):
Denver kind of confused a little bit and everything. Right. And Ben is, Ben is a pretty good defender. I I am gonna say that he is a pretty good defender. He still could play defense, but offensively he's such a liability. Right. You know, it's hard to watch sometimes. I can't believe it that he's such a liability right now. Yeah. I'm cheat hill. Hey, Hey, hey m so somebody like Ben Simmons that has all the potential obviously at one point and, and what I thought, based on what I heard and what I've seen, at what point mentally does a confidence kick in and he understands how good he can actually be and he and he finds himself getting the rhythm and he finds himself getting confidence.

(42m 2s):
I mean, I don't understand what the issue is based on him. If you look at him, you understand we can do what he can do. He can play defense. He can score if he had the confidence and willingness to shoot the ball, whether it be midrange, whether it be three, whether it be, You know, picking people off the dribble to the hole. It's like he doesn't wanna do anything. I don't understand. I I've seen him a clear layup right there and it is wide open and he'd rather pass it off. I Think it, I think at this point it's, it's gonna take a coach that, oh boy, that honestly believes in him, play him extended minutes and, and force him to, to be aggressive offensively. You have to really basically like force him to be that, You know, remember he was playing a lot of point guard towards the end before he, he left obviously left New Jersey.

(42m 44s):
But you, I mean Brooklyn, right? But he has to, he has to like, you have to put him in position where you have to force him to be a score, to be a playmaker like him playing that center. Like I would, if I was Lou, I would let him bring the ball up to court against JOAs, maybe put him in a pick and roll. Maybe he could turn the corner. The jokey can't guard him in the open court. Yeah. But you bailing them out. You're bailing them out by not letting him be aggressive offensively for what you just talked about Chad. 'cause he don't wanna shoot the ball. He don't wanna be aggressive and attack the basket. That's what's basketball in that situation. So I, me, me personally, I think it's that ship sail because there were times that he had the ball in his hand at Philly and he wasn't aggressive and, and, and You know, You know Joel and Bead said what he said. Doc River said what he said.

(43m 25s):
You see the thing is, and I use the analogy like this wan and Ocho, I can teach you to swim if you're not afraid of the water. See if you're afraid of the water. I can't teach you how to swim. You see, I like that wan you said he's afraid of the basket. So I can't teach him how to be a aggressive. You see a guy that's not afraid of the basket. Hey I miss it. Okay, okay. Oh well the next one gonna go in. That's not how he sees it. Plus if he gets fo he doesn't wanna go to the free throw line because he got the yeps there. So now I'm not looking to score and I'm not looking. 'cause they might foul me and put my butt on the free throw line. So I'm afraid of the Warner. So I really won't ever be able to do anything. But doggy Powell will stand up in the kiddie pool.

(44m 6s):
Damn. I'm really not gonna try to get my, I'm not gonna put my head up under the water. Go back and look at it. Mark, you right. I like, I like what you said is a hundred percent accurate. And I, and I think that, but I think what t Lou was looking at is that maybe I got a quicker guy. He's been a great defender in this league. Yoic is not a guy that plays above the basket. He plays below the rim. Just a guy that I could probably put on yo and mix it up a little bit because Ben Simmons probably 16, 6 11. That's like what? You know what I'm saying? So whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, timeout. He what? He about 6, 10, 16, 11. Chad, he, that's why that's, that's why he's playing center. That's why he's playing center. Yeah. Yeah. He's that big.

(44m 46s):
He's a big kid. Yeah. He, I'm thinking I'm, I'm thinking he's 6 5 6 6. No. Oh, no way. No, no, no, no, no. The shortes, the shortest he may be is six nine empty. That's the shortest he may be six 10. Six 10. Yeah. He, he talk boy I short he 60. Yeah. And he's Supposed to be out there dogging It man. I'm talking about like, man, stop. Ah, stop playing that way. Get a hundred million dollar contract. 'cause he was six five. He's 6 16 1 with the handles

(45m 15s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch the Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.

(45m 45s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now It Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.

(46m 14s):
Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.

(47m 14s):
Bobby Bows here with news on the top shelf country crews, setting self February 27th to March 6th, 2026. It's not just a cruise, it's a country music experience at sea. An amazing lineup of performers. Well, we're gonna be there. The Bobby Bone Show. I'm gonna be there. Keith Urban, Lee, Bryce, Scotty McCreary, Parma Lee, Leanne Rhimes. It doesn't in there. We'll also be stopping in stunning destinations along the way. Go to top shelf country cruise.com to book any available state room. Gotta hurry though. These spots are filling up fast.

(47m 51s):
See, what concerned me is that I didn't see him get any better from his rookie year till now. Go back and look at all the guys that's got these big contracts. Have you seen Shea get better? Have you seen Jalen Brown get better? Ha better. Have you seen Jason Tatum get better? Have you seen Luca? Have you seen Jalen Brunson? Look at all the guys. Austin Reeves is a prime example. It's hard if you put the time in the gym for you not to get incrementally better Awan. It's just hard for you to stay The same tells me you're doing the same thing. Look at those guys and how they've evolved and how they've gotten better and better. Look at Kawhi. Kawhi wasn't no score when he got in the league. Kawhi gave you about 1213.

(48m 32s):
Not Kaw can give you 26, 27 when he's healthy because you see the work that he's putting in. I'm gonna be honest with you, I'm gonna be honest with y'all. You guys know this as as athletes and we are athletes. You know, sometimes guys don't want it, man. You know what I mean? We can, we can want them to have it. We see all the individual talent. He showed us a glimpse from when you in college, his first couple years in the league on how great he can be and what you just said, Arthur, if he hasn't decided to put that into work, and I love to little to t lose one of the, the best coaches in the league and great motivators. And if t Luke can't get him to playing basketball at a level that's gonna just contribute and help a team and I, I don't know where you go from here. This is like the perfect scenario.

(49m 13s):
You don't have to have the ball in your hands. You got a guy like Kawa that's scoring the ball. All you gotta do is do the intangibles on the team. But they didn't even even step up. You can't get donuts from 'em. You can't. You gotta get some, you gotta get something outta here. He had two points tonight. Hey, hey, hey Wan. Hey. Yeah, I, I I, I tell you what he could do. I tell you what he could do. Tell the business Simmons, come on down here to Miami and hang with me for, for six months. We gonna, we gonna get him mentally, right? Six 11, Yes. All this, all this time I've been watching basketball. I think, You know, I think young boy, I, I'm thinking he's six six, You know, six five. Nah, I'm thinking he's scared to shoot the ball. Obviously. Obviously being in Philly, You know how Philly fans are. They do not play.

(49m 53s):
No. They will boo you in your own stadium. Yes. So I'm thinking, okay, maybe he's a little reluctant to pull the trigger. He doesn't wanna go to the free throw line. I understand it. I know how hard it is when you miss shots and you're feeling down on yourself, but then you have to deal with the fans. Okay, boom. That's one thing. But then I think about, well damn, still as many years as it's been, you got your big deal and you still haven't got that confidence in you to be able to just at will. Just play the game you've been playing since you were young. Basketball. All you gotta do is take the ball, put that motherfucker in the hoop. Excuse me. Now my, my my mentality on him is now changing because now you telling me he's 6 10, 6 11 and he playing like, he like he five 10. Chad, I, I'll, I'll bring, Hey, I, I sw for garden.

(50m 33s):
Bring him on down here to Miami. I get it right because hey Kon, you gotta understand, I I'm in high school. I was only six four, but I averaged 56 a game since my freshman year of high school. You, you got proof Of that average 56. We got proof for that. No. Yeah. 56. Listen, every, every night, every, every game. Two hour 56, 12 and 9 56, 12 and nine. Same scoreline. But I chose to play football instead. You know, I'm just thinking like hungry, You know, You know you gang a few guys down there. I can get the fact check. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. You know, I played against ud. I, hey, I dunked no UD twice. Yeah. Okay. Ask ud ask UD about me in high school. Why was the real deal? I was like, I was a mix between like Russell Westbrook and John Moron and, and and, and then Kevin and and Kevin Durant.

(51m 21s):
Yeah, I was, I was, I I was a bit All that. I'm gonna say this, I'm not because I never seen you play. So just a little backstory. Yeah. I played with Donovan McNabb, who's a great basketball player. So I'm not gonna say he said who I played with Donovan McNabb great basketball player. But he who? Yeah. Oh, he big time. He went, he said, was said he was as a two sport athlete. You didn't know that. Yeah. Donovan McNab, two sport athlete Donovan average 20 points a game for me. That was my second 20. That was my second leading score. Donovan McNab. Okay. Yeah. So I can't say that you can't play. 'cause I know I done seen football players be really good. Yeah, I, well listen, I I would listen. I was so good.

(52m 1s):
I was so good. Obviously I could have played for the heat with Ronnie Sly like they were trying to get me back then. But my grandma, my grandma, you got any footage? She Wasn't on that footage. You got any footage? Huh? You got any footage? Yeah, On v on VHSI got the tapes right here in the cover. Okay. That's what I, lemme see little footage now. I got, I got, I got you man. Okay. Just look for it. I'm real, I'm a, I'm a real hooper. Like I'm from New York. I just think the thing now is wan I I and I get what you're saying Ocho y'all get what y'all saying, but the old saying it's easy to teach, teach a child than repair a broken man. And I think, think right now, whoa, whoa, whoa. No, wait, wait. Stay, stay, stay right there. Stay right there. Hold I understand what he's saying. I understand what he was saying. I got him.

(52m 42s):
You wanna write it down. You wanna write it down? Yeah. You wanna write it down. If you, if you, if you notice kids learn to swim easier than a grown person because a kid has no inhibitions of the water they throw, you see 'em, throw them babies in there and the first thing they do, they go in their back, they, hey, hey, you tell 'em one or two times wan and they get to their back. Now, You know, grown coach, You know that. Y'all know this in sports, You know, sometimes you can get with that coach, right? And I pray with T Lou and t Lou's a good friend of mine and I just thought T Lou would probably be be that guy that can instill that confidence in them to be a lot better. Now, I didn't say he had to go out and get 15, 20 points a night, but he has to. But he, You know, like you just say can't have two points.

(53m 24s):
You gonna play tenor or if you gonna have two points, let's do some of the stuff you used to do. Give six, seven rebounds, have four five, this have an impact on the game. 'cause he's too talented and for whatever reason, I don't know if he's lost it, but I thought with T Lu being there and being under T lu and he would be able to get that out of him, then when I seen him in the rotation, I was like, yes, this is perfect for him. 'cause he's gonna get an opportunity with a great coach that's gonna put him in a great position to do the best. Like, I like the, I like the, the Clipper's mindset. Put Ben Simmons at the center spot. Let's, let's mix it up a little bit and see if we can get Joker. But if he, he don't give you none. No offense for me guys.

(54m 4s):
There's no purpose in playing Ben Simmons. It's no purpose because joker's weakness. Joker's weakness is defense. Well, Ben Simmons is not a threat at that. So it doesn't do any good. And plus he do, he's not playing well enough for T Lou to give him extended minutes. So in the amount of minutes that he's playing That's true. He's not gonna be able to get you the points, the rebounds and assist that he would if he was playing a full game. What's up? That's great. That's a Great point. Listen, I yeah, I know you're not a tape recorder, but I need you to rewind that quote. 'cause I went to give him a pen and pad. I ain't have it on me. Something about a child. Something about a child. It was a good one. I I need that because I got, You know, I got 50 11 kids and I need to be able to use that in my next argument. Yeah. It's easy. It's easier to teach a child than to repair a broken man.

(54m 45s):
Stop. Stay right there. That's, that's what I'm talking about. Next time, next time they ask for some money, next time they ask for some Money. Number two child. I like that too. Yeah. And, and so that, that, so that's the problem. No matter how you slice it, Ben is broken when it comes to the offensive end. Can he still slide his feet? Yeah, he's still, he's still six 10. I mean, he ain't gonna shrink. Looks good. He's still in great shape. Look, look, look really good. He looks, he looks really good. But like you said, he gets the ball. He, unless it's uncontested, he ain't even looking at the rim. He's looking, he's looking to pass it off. He's looking to driving kick. He's looking to do something other than score for himself.

(55m 28s):
Put him around and he realize that. So the double team is always gonna come from him. Yeah. Put him around some, put him around some folks in the off season. I'm telling you it, it happens. No, you put a chii, listen, you put a chihuahua with some pit bulls in a cage, at some point he becomes what he's surrounded by. But if You know the small dogs, what do they do? They walk up to the big dogs because they don't know they're small. See you telling me that's what I need to do. That's what he needs to do. He needs to go and place himself in that environment. Yeah. 'cause you see, as Wan said, we're wanting something from Ben more than he's wanting it for himself. You see, I can't want that for you six 11. You gotta, you've got to want that. You've got to want to be great. So You know what, man, hey, ain't no reason for me to be 16 in aging three points a game.

(56m 11s):
Hell, I He's, he's supposed to be doing what Katie doing. I'm not saying he's Katie. Katie is one of the greatest scores of all time. I'm just saying the skillset, the height and size, I mean the length that you do have, You know, and you are a two player because you can do, you could do, well you only show it on, on the defensive side of the ball. You play good defense and you should be able to, You know, play a up taking people off down in the block, down in the post mid-range. Well he his Take people off the dribble. Like what are we doing? His Confidence is gone though, man. Both of you guys are hall of Fame athletes. You know that when your confidence gone, man, it's gone. You know, it's, you can't do nothing man. It's over. You know, You know we play that, You know, we play our games with confidence. That's when we get our confidence. Yeah. Our swag.

(56m 51s):
He don't have that. You can just see it, You know, swag. You, you, you have to, you you have to play it. Coaches can't give you that. You have to have a self-belief that I'm the baddest mofo out here. Yes. And a a at some point in time they broke his confidence. They broke his confidence. 'cause the best player said, Hey, we had a, we had a dunk and we end up making a free throw. And You know, and they asked, doc, could you win a championship with a a a point guard like Ben? He says, I don't know. Instead of saying of course you can because the guy's an all, he's an Allstar player and he is an all NBA defender. That's what he should have said. Joel and B said, Hey, it's unfortunate.

(57m 32s):
A well I wish we could've got a and one, but don't say, yeah, we had a layup and we ended up making a free throw. 'cause now the best player and the head coach doubted me. Oh, I've already had some doubt seeping in because normally coach is like, you feel like, Hey son, shoot that shot. You drop a, I drop a play for Twan because I know Quawan is confident in his ability and he go out there every Time I drop a plate for him, he's gonna somehow try to find a way to break it down and pass it to somebody else. Yeah. Huh. What? But how do you, You know, how do you let, how do you let something like that bother you? Huh? How do you let something like that bother you in order to be great? People gonna always be chirping. Sometimes sometime the calling gonna be coming from inside the house.

(58m 14s):
Sometimes it be your own people. I don't get, I'm no disrespect Marvin Lewis. If you were to say, You know what, boy, I'm sick of Chad out there celebrating. I'm sick of it. I ain't stopping nothing because that's how I know how I get in my rhythm. Right. You know, Hey Chad, I'ma so Chad, I can agree with you on that. You know, I used to dance after I shoot threes and I, nobody should be stopped playing. Hey, hey, hey look. And I play, I promise there was one coach that Don Nelson, I I got trained to the mass. Yeah. And he was the only coach that tried to stop me from dancing. What? Yeah. He, he was like, hey. He was like, well I don't wanna see you dancing, but it was already in in my blood. I couldn't stop it. Right. So I get hell it is coming.

(58m 55s):
You know what I'm saying? But that's a great, but that's a great point you made. I understand what you said with that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do my, I'm gonna do my thing. Yeah. Every, every time. Every time. I don't, I don't care. But hey, I don't care. But I don't, no disrespect, obviously with all due respect, the Ben Simmons and the game of basketball in general, there is nothing nobody can say if I was in that environment with that kind of side, with that kind of hype, with that kind of skill, with my mentality, there's a certain it factor that you can coach. It is either in you or it's not. Kobe had it. Michael Jordan got it. AI got it. Ja, Ron got it. Anthony Edwards got it. You can't coach that. That's, it's, it's just in you.

(59m 36s):
And I can understand. How can you be like that and then play so small? I'm gonna make this last point and then we're gonna move up. Move on a little bit guys, if you think about it, yeah, Kobe had confidence, but think about what the coach did in a game against Utah who took the last shot. They put the ball in col, 17 year old's hands. So now I got confidence. You might have confidence, but if somebody don't give you a situation for you to showcase, not what, what do I do with it? Ocho he drew up a play and let a 17-year-old with all those veterans on there, Kobe air balled it, but it showed him, yeah.

(1h 0m 15s):
They got confidence in little o Kobe. Now, now he goes back into the gym and he comes back a different player. Well, You know, some people don't get it, man. Some people just don't get it. Damn man. What? Six 11? Man, I, I have a nigga note in the post man. I see you got a good ball back there. That's a good Wilson Ball. I like it. Hey, hey. Oh, hey, hey, hey. Lemme tell you something. Hey, this ball right here, right? This is special ball. This, this ball me. Must me, I'm supposed to have it enclosed in a case because listen, the greatest, the greatest score, not score of all time, but the, the NBA player who leads the NBA and most points ever scored, gave me this ball.

(1h 0m 57s):
Soon as it went in the bucket, they hid it, they taped it up, he signed it for me. This is LeBron James, 50 K point ball and he signed it for you. I just wanna show you that. Can't put it in a cursive, huh? He just cage, he just cage on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, frighten Yoki was seen making adjustments and subs when a player does this, is he undermining David Edelman because right before the half, right before the half the ball got, whether the half or third quarter. And he's like, Hey, hey, give gimme Jordan Deandre Jordan, come in here, gimme come in here.

(1h 1m 39s):
Yeah. Zbox, blah blah blah. You saw that too? Okay. Yes, I did see that. So is and he's been, he's been making a lot of substitutions. You like that? I mean, what's going on? I don't like it. 'cause I mean, lemme be honest with you, not to go go back into the past, but Mike Malone, a a, You know, a championship coach who done a terrific job coaching, that team got fired and it seems like, yep, it seems like the players had sold them out. Now, now it seems like that's what it was. And because the Jokers doing that, I mean, jokers, jokers are jokers at a place right now, obviously, You know, where he's, he's controlled the franchise and obviously, like you just talked about, he's probably gonna win another MVP trophy.

(1h 2m 20s):
He's gonna be close. He probably get another MV tr MVP trophy. So I do understand a coach ha him having to say so, but you still can't undermine the coach. You, you have to listen to the coach. You gotta let the coach make his adjustments. That's his job. You never want, as a player have that responsibility. I never wanna be able to control who's in the game, who's not a game. I can always suggest, I can suggest something, but I, I don't wanna be doing that. Especially o over mind the coach. It's, it looks bad and then it trickles down to the other players. You know, that on the team, some guys think they can do it, You know, it's kind, You know, it goes back to the simple rules that what time you gotta be on the bus, what time you gotta be, You know, be up at practice, right? It just, it just goes down the line, You know what I mean?

(1h 3m 2s):
So you never wanna start that. So it just, it's, it seems like when I saw that, like, yeah, this is probably why Malone probably got fired. They probably had a lot of extra stuff going on, You know what I mean? But You know, it's tough. Jokers joke is probably gonna be three time MVP. I mean this guy's incredible. Well, already three, he gonna be a four. I don't Think you gonna win ip. Yeah. So he thoughts so hard. I think, I don't think he's gonna win it this year Twan, but I, it, it is hard for me to see a scenario where he doesn't win an, at least one more because the numbers are gonna be there, the numbers are gonna be there. He's gonna be somewhere between 25 and 30 points. He's gonna be somewhere between 10 and 13 rebounds. He's gonna be somewhere between eight and a half and 10 assists.

(1h 3m 43s):
So he's gonna be there. So the numbers are gonna be indicative of somebody that should be, it should more than qualified to win that award. To question is if he, if he, are they gonna have enough if, if he, if he take care of his body, the way he has taken care of his body for the next couple years, he definitely will be in the running for one more. I think this all this all depending on how, how he take care of his body. If he take care of his body, stay entry free. I mean, I know it ain't, it don't look sexy, but You know, if he stays injury, if he stays injury free and, and, and stay healthy, he he'll be right back. You right. He he'll be in a runner for another one ahead of this game. Edelman accused the clippers of pumping in fake noise in the Intuit dome. Is that a good look?

(1h 4m 23s):
Do you want your coaches like, man that daddy, they ain't, it ain't that loud, it ain't that many people up in that's fake noise. You like, you like your coach doing that Twan? Nah, I want the coach to believe that we can win. I don't want, I, we don't need no extra. We should believe that we can win. Let's put together a game plan. Let's go out there and play. And, and really to be honest, you don't really like that. You want your home court to correct their own thing. I know in some football fields, y'all know that some of Ring, some stadiums have their own little CHS and the way they get motivated and all that. I was going back when we was trying to turn it around in, in Boston before they moved into the TD North Wind, we had the free center, we called it the Jungle. We had because, because it did get so loud because we were starting to turn it around, we were starting to become a playoff team.

(1h 5m 4s):
We were starting to win games. So our home games were exciting because we had kind of created our own energy now, me and Paul and we was kind of creating our own style. So I like when the fans kind of like, You know, figured it out. It's kinda like growing up in Chicago, I remember growing up and watching Michael them play, especially when they played, they had their own, the, the national, when they the remember the star lineup, they had that music that come out that that was them, that was they own thing. That was only in the stadium. Yeah. You know what I mean? And I remember the stadium used to be rocking. I went to see them play the Orlando mannequin, the stadium, when they played Thero Mad Sha and Jordan came back. Yeah. The stadium used to be rocking before they moved into the United Center. I just think, You know, every arena gotta have their own stuff.

(1h 5m 45s):
But you don't need no coaches getting to that. You don't need no help. Right. You ain't nobody piping nothing in this. Ain't these, this ain't college. These pros, they ain't gonna get distracted too easy. Yeah, yeah. But the, the, those, the new arenas don't have that, that intimate feel because You know, you gotta have all this technology. You got all these jumbotrons and you got all this, all this fancy equipment and stuff like that. So you don't have the intimacy like you had at the old garden. You don't have the intimacy like you have at the form at the farm. You don't have the intimacy like you had at Chicago at the stadium, Chicago Stadium. You don't have that. Yeah. Like you see the Packers have at Lambeau Field or the Bears at Soldier Field, right.

(1h 6m 26s):
Or the chief at, at at, at a Arrowhead. There are some stadium. Even Hees Field is not the intimacy. Like they had it Three Rivers ojo. So when you don't have that, it's hard to create that. Now I get it. Why they do it because the cost of these players are going up and so we gotta find a way to create revenues. Right. And we want places to have other events other than basketball. So you see concerts and you see track pools and you see Beyonce and you see a a a a, You know, the NCA Final fours and you see international championship game. Yeah. So I get it, I get it. I totally get it. But as a professional and plus professional college kids, man, You know, college kids don't paint they faces, they gonna take their shirts off.

(1h 7m 7s):
They're gonna really be into it. Man, look here man, I paid 12, 15,000 for a ticket, man. I'm gonna sit there and like be, You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Wan Yeah, yeah. You right. That's right. You going, you going, you enjoy it the best way you can. But I, I don't think, You know, I don't think that bother Pros, you guys know that the fans don't bother us. Man. When you, we a professional athlete, you, you enjoy it. That they actually kind of motivate you. Sometimes you get to some certain places and they get on you, you, you have the fans get on you that motivate you to go out there and play well. So I don't think that's going, that bothers professional athletes.

(1h 7m 47s):
So I don't think they need that. You can leave that alone. Guys are too mentally strong for that these days to me,

(1h 7m 55s):
The Volume. Hey Janice Torres here, and I'm Austin Hankin. We're the host of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how They manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind The Business, Small Business Success Stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 8m 29s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.

(1h 8m 58s):
Ugh, come on. Why is this taking so long? This thing is ancient. Still using yesterday's tech upgrade to the ThinkPad X one Carbon UltraLite ultra powerful and built for serious productivity. With Intel core ultra processors, blazing speed and AI powered performance that keeps up with your business, not the other way around. Whoa, this thing moves. Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Win the tech search@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo Unlock AI experiences with the ThinkPad X one car, powered by Intel core ultra processors so you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device.

(1h 9m 37s):
The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, and just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.