
Hi, I am Leah Palmer. And I'm Matt Stilo. And you might know us as the host of the Hit iHeartPodcasts Grownup stuff. So lately on the show, we've been crunching the numbers on tax season and we're learning a whole lot. For instance, Matt, did You know there are more than 33 million small businesses in the us? That Is way more than I thought. Same. And do You know some of the top cities for small business growth in the us? I actually don't know that one. Okay, I'm gonna tell you, we've got Scottsdale, Arizona, Atlanta, Georgia, Miami, Florida, Orlando, Florida, and Austin, Texas. Those are all over the country. That's Why we've been talking with the tax experts at TurboTax Business about the tips and tricks small businesses should keep in mind when navigating tax season to file with confidence and hopefully save a few bucks. Well, I can definitely tell you the more stuff I've learned about how taxes work, the more I think small businesses might wanna leave it to the professionals this year. Yes, TurboTax Business has a fleet of experts, especially small business experts, who can give you advice throughout the process or just handle the whole thing for you. Get expert help today by visiting turbotax.com/business.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


The battlefield is set, the stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and Victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion Go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam Os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that Sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with Lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere


With Amex. There's always a new experience to explore from curating the perfect vacation and chilling in the Centurion Lounge. Before you get there, try out that new trendy restaurant thanks to Priority Notify with Global Dining Access by Resi and getting straight to the action at the big game with card member entrances at select venues With Amex Platinum, you can experience it all. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply access to the card member entrance, not limited to the American Express Platinum Card. Learn more at American Express dot com slash With Amex


The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Alan Hod said on Get up this morning. You could argue Luca might be a better fit with LeBron than anybody he's ever played with, including d Wade Ocho. Who do you believe is LeBron James' best partner? I mean, it could be Kyrie, it could be, it could be D Wade, it could be Luca obviously. Listen, goddamn LeBron is like a fucking LA God Dogg it man. Sorry, my bad. LeBron is a Lego piece uncle. You could, you could plug him, you could plug him anywhere and he gonna fit it. Plug him anywhere you can put it with anybody and it's gonna fit because LeBron is that he can just, that great LeBron is really that great. He can adjust his game depending, depending on who he's playing with.


Yeah, He could play off the ball. He could dominate the ball. He could bring the ball up, he could play point, he could play. I mean he, he can do everything. So I understand what I understand what he's saying, but mean, it's, it's, it's almost, it's it's almost like diminishing LeBron's greatness in saying that. Look at it Doesn't matter who he's playing with, he can adjust to the people that he's playing with. It doesn't matter. And he showed that he did it with Kyrene, he did it with D Wade. He won, he gonna win with Luca. Obviously there's some more pieces that need to be added to that puzzle before they get to that point to where they're, You know, they're, they're back to their winning ways, but it's only so much time. Time is ticking, You know, over there. Which is why, which is why I like, I like my idea of Embiid. We ain't got nothing to lose because you, you need a pig.


But then he, but here's the thing. You get, you get Embi and then you got to give him the rock. Luca needs to rock. Luca gonna have the ball more because Luca, as I said last night, Luca is better on the ball than, than he is off the ball. LeBron James needs the ball, but LeBron can play off the ball. You gonna see a lot of LOBs, you see LeBron coming through like Batman with those LOBs. You see LeBron getting out on the floor. He has somebody that he can trust wholeheartedly to run the offense and not ever have to come get the ball and says, I got it from here. Luca can do that. Yeah, because he can he can create his own shot too. Huh?


Luca can get, Luca can create, he's the best Luca. What Luca can do as opposed to what Luca can handle the ball, run the offense, get his own shot, get everybody else involved and give you 40, 15 and 12. This is efficient. But, but think about this. I'm, I'm gonna go back to the beat thing one more time. Think about Luca being able to run the offense. Think about LeBron, think about the offense, the way the offense is being run. Think about the spacing that is created because what they have offensively and what that would do for mb, Right? Not very many double teams, right? Allowing you to, to sit in the paint to do what you do best.


And if rotation, you have to go midrange to go three, you could back. It doesn't have to do much, much running outside of going up and down in transition, right? And playing defense. Well see you, you, you gotta be careful ojo. 'cause a lot, two things can be true. Luca might be the better player individually, but that don't mean that he's the best player with LeBron as a duo, right? Because you take one person that can sing over here, another person that can sing over there and bring 'em together. And you might not get that beautiful. You might not get Tina Marie and Rick James. You might not get Stephanie Mills and, and Teddy Pendergrass.


You see what I'm saying? Don't You know, you might not get Barry White and Lisa Stanfield. Now Lisa Stanfields not the best singer ever. Barry is Barry. But when you put 'em together, been around the world and na ya ya, y'all know what I'm talking about. As good as LeBron and Luca are, at least you gonna get people, Bryson and Roberto Flack come on that you, you, you don that Justin because of who they are and based on the resume and the great ones that LeBron has played with, regardless of who's better and who's that, they're still going to win because the duo, especially when you put them together, You know what you're getting. We only got four games. Let's hold off before we say Lu and LeBron are the best.


All the other duos, he won two championships with D Wade. He won a championship with Kyrie, he won a championship with ad. Let's, let's make, and You know, let's wait more than a game, a four game before we decide. Okay, we good. The 76 ERs, Joel and Bead is exploring options for his knee, the speed of the left, the 76 ERs and Joel and Bead are consulting doctors and considering alternative options such as surgery for his injured left knee, both sides of hope to for progress in MBIs condition. But his determination to play and current treatments, including regular injections sources said have not led to anything approval.


Embi has publicly and privately said in recent weeks that he might eventually need surgery or an extended rest period for his knee to heal. But he has been determined to find ways to continue playing and be available for the 76 ERs. OCHO Yeah, Joel. And be shut it down. I I think obviously it's, it is hampering him. It's hampering his play. It's affecting his ability to dominate the way he once did because of his ailing knee. He's not able to dominate the game as he always has. You know, when he is healthy. My suggestion to him be, I'm thinking about players, whether it be NBA or bat NBA or football that have gotten, that have had knee troubles and have come back successful and been able to dominate at their respective craft and respective positions.


And the only thing I can think of, only person I can think of is a Adrian Peterson was able to do after having a, a tear this ACL complete ACL. Yep. I I don't know what doctor Lord have mercy. I don't know what doctor Adrian Peterson went to, but whatever he did, whatever procedures, whatever, whatever rehab he did, and b needs to follow suit. I know there's a difference in height and weight and everything, but if, if, if Adrian Peterson come back and not skip a beat or not miss a beat and come back and do what he did and still play at an elite level after completely tearing his A, C, L and B can come back to as well if he's serious about putting in the work to get back to his dominating ways.


Think about what AP was before he got injured. So he approached it, huh? You don't think MB was His physical condition? Did we have ever have any doubts about a, a ad AP Adrian Peterson conditioning. I see. Did we have any, did we have any doubt any questions about his desire and what football meant to him? I See what you mean. Okay, I see where you're going. Okay, So now he's going to, so everybody's like, man, a ad's not gonna be what he once was. His mindset I'm gonna be better than what I once was and he attacked it. Right. You said there's a difference, there's a difference between being six foot six one and two 20 as opposed to being seven one and 3 43 20.


You see the difference? Yeah. And Is it Injured young people Right. Grow up to be injured old people. You don't get healthier as you age. As you age, right? Normally when you have issues as a, as an adolescent juvenile, what happens? You carry those illnesses into adulthood, right? There have been times that may sometimes you get out of it. I mean you have allergies or you have migraines or things of that nature and sometimes you can overcome them, but a lot of times if you are injured or you have illnesses or ailments as a youngster, You know, that normally follow you into your adulthood.


Go ahead. I got a good question, Chad. Y'all could answer this too. Ap obviously he had the mindset, everything is mindset when it comes to, to getting injured regardless of how much money have you made, do you think in B'S mindset can change at this stage in his career, despite already being rich, despite already being paid? Is is it possible to for, for that hunger to still be there? Is it possible that that hunger to want to dominate and get back to where he once was when he is healthy or when he was available on the court? You, you think, you think it's still there because that's, that, that's the hard, that's the hard thing for people, especially players.


Especially once you make a certain amount of money, you kind of get, I don't wanna say you got comfortable. I'm not saying he's comfortable. Yeah, that same urge and want to and desire. Oh You know what, I got to, I got miles to feed, You know, I got bills to pay. When you already got two, you sitting on 200, $250 million already. I mean, what's the desire to come back and wanna play or at least get back healthy to your dominating ways? You, so we, we have a conversation and we talk about this a lot, is that when someone has everything, when they have Fame, they have adulation to have praise, they've made money and they still play and they still trained as if they're broke. Yeah. You look at a LeBron, you look at a Brady, you look at a Kobe, you look at a Jordan, you look at some of these guys now that's currently in the league.


Yes sir. It's, it's ocho it's hard when you live in a ivory tower and you got mink pajamas, it's a different, it's different. Ocho it it's different. What kind of pajamas? Mink They got mink pajamas. For real? I'm just saying when you got mink slippers and silk pajamas, right? And, and you can live in an ivory tower and everything is marble and hardwood. Right. And you got, and you got, he just signed an extension three years, 193 million. Now he still got, had two years left this year, another year. And then the 1 93 kicks in. And to adopt the mindset, I'm flat ass broke. That was the mindset I had. I wasn't making a whole lot of money.


But even when I made money, I wanted them to say, man, we underpaying them. We got a bargain. Okay. Everybody doesn't think like that. Ocho. And so it takes a special type of person to get money and still work as if they're broke destitute. So that I gotta be my, And you already, You know it And it is a funny thing when you say that that's already in you, huh? Yes. Already in it doesn't just happen once you get it. You know what, I'm gonna pretend like I ain't got no money. I'm gonna continue to, to, to train and approach my craft and my game as if I ain't got it. So it wasn't in you before you got the money. It definitely ain't going, ain't gonna be no light switch to kick on once you make it.


Nope. And so that's why you look at Floyd Mayweather after all those titles. Yeah. Big money. He's still going after to get it. Yeah. If you look at some of the boxers, look at Buster Douglas. He knocked on Mike Tyson got in great shape to beat Mike Tyson. Get 25, 30 $5 million fight. Holy field. Boom. So you, you, you, you can see that's why I have a great appreciation. You should have a great appreciation also. And being a former athlete and knowing, coming from the trenches, getting it out the mud that's getting it out of the concrete jungle. I did, I did. You have a greater appreciation for guys. LeBron has got that. Look at what LeBron has accomplished.


Now he's currently playing and he's worth 1.2, 1.3 billion. But everybody talks about what he puts in. He gets to the arena five hours earlier. He does all this stuff. He gets his shoot around, he gets in the cold tub, he gets stretched, he gets his lift in. He's still doing this 22 years in the league. Remember I said greatness is monotonous, is boring. What's, same thing? What, what's great about that? He, he on the bus, he in the hotels. Boom, boom, boom. Mike Macias doing all this. That's what I tell people. People think I, I wish you could have a conversation. 'cause I I did have a conversation with Jeff Bezos.


I met him a couple of times and to hear, hear him talk that not one at one point in time did he mention any part, now maybe now you are worth 230 billion. But at no point in time when he was building this, was it glamorous? Because it was a grind? Because it was monotonous. Because it was boring. Yeah. Listen, listen at, who is that Larry Ellison. Look at Bill Gates. Look at Warren Buffett. Look at these guys. Mark Zuckerberg. Yeah. Look at these guys that have built things of now look guys, if y'all just want a nine, if I'm not, I'm not talking about, I'm not talking about, You know, I'm just saying I'm looking at it from a standpoint of being great and I think Joe l and b wanted to be great and he can had an opportunity.


I don't know if he'll ever, I don't wanna say ever, but it's so hard. Ocho he's getting older right? And his body is failing him more. Because at once upon a time, You know, when you, when you, when we first started Ocho you never been injured. But I could bounce back. I get a nick, I could bounce back at the end of the week, I'm ready to go. Right? Then all of a sudden, what a, a injury that would have me bounce back at the end of a week. Now all of a sudden I miss a game and then all of a sudden I miss four games. Next thing You know, I missed the whole season. As I got older, my body couldn't recover. I remember, hey, we can play when you young old Cho your first two, three years, hey, play Sunday, play Thursday. Go, Hey, you wanna we need to play another, we need to play another game on Monday night.


Left rock and roll. Then all of a sudden I gotta get in the cold tub before practice. Gotta get in the cold tub again after practice, come early in the morning, get in the cold tub. It's just, I I, You know, he's played just 39 ga he played 39 games last season after tearing the meniscus in his knee. Ah, this season, the lingering knee issues combined with a foot sprain have caused him to play just 19 of 56 games. Because what happens ocho, if you get a flat tire Yeah. And you continually drive on that car, on that flat tire, it just don't mess up the rim and the rotor on that side. It fs up your alignment. Yeah. Because you're trying to compensate every, the body is meant to work in unison, in, in, in, in, in sequence.


Yeah. Just like your body, you a you start having knee issues. Before long you gonna have hip problems, you gonna have back problems, you gonna have feet, foot problems. That's just the way it is. And because you're dealing with a man his size with knee problems. Yeah. That, that, that's bad. So Listen, what, what were the expectations for the Sixers coming into the season? Boy, they supposed to be, they supposed, they supposed to challenge the Celtics. You got Jordan B, you got Tyrese Maxi and you just gave Paul Georgia Max contract, right? So you got three guys. Maxie was an all star. We know what Joe, MBA, former MVP finished run up to. Nicole Yoic led the league in scoring wise Paul George, we know a, he was supposed to be that third and missing piece, right?


So the expectations were through the roof. It was supposed to be Boston, the Cal, the Knicks and the, and the Sixers. Those were supposed to be the team that's duking it out or an opportunity to, Are they, are they even in contention? Is it No, no. They, they, hey, they might go ahead and go ahead and tank for Cooper flag or that kid from Auburn or something. It's over for them. Well then A a at that point then I think it is okay for, for NB to shut it down. Yeah. I I I think it's, I think it's okay, especially at this point. If you're only hurting yourself, if anything, You know, you just, you just tore your meniscus. You're coming back. Now you have a foot sprain. That's, that's injury on top of injury. So all you gonna do is make it worse.


Yes. All you gonna do is make it worse. It's like, it's like getting a flat tire. You put air back in it and instead of getting a new tire, you just plug it at some point it's gonna go flat again. Walk around with a rocky issue, put a little rocky, put a little rocky issue and walk around with it. Now that's all Hot. That's, that's aggravating. Guess what Ocho you ain't gonna put no pressure on that thing 'cause you don't wanna feel that thing. Now watch your hip on the other side. Watch what it do. Watch what you knee in your back do. Yeah. Because you are overcompensating, because the body's gonna compensate. That's what the body does. Sure. And then guess And so like, hey, at some point in time they like, shh, You know what? You won't stop and get this rock out. I'm gonna sit you down.


Yeah. That, that, that's what's gonna happen. So you're looking at the, right now, the Washington, the Wizards are nine and 47. The pelicans are 14 and 43. Utah 14 and 42. Charlotte 14 and 41 Toronto 18 and 39. The 76 ERs have the sixth worst record at 20 and 36. They've lost seven straight in last nine games. They're one and nine. Excuse me, the last 10 games, they're one and nine. Well god damn, he should, he should have been set it down or shut it down. He should have shut it down at the Allstar break. So right now they should theoretically, but You know how the lottery of them mean.


Just because you got the sixth worst record, that don't mean you're gonna get the sixth pick in the draft. Right, right, right. Get the Number one pick. They could get, they could be at the bottom of a lot of Richards like 14 or 15, right? Don't know. But I just think the thing is, at this point in time, you're not going to win a type, even if Jordan B comes back healthy, which he's not, just go ahead and shut him down. Yeah. Just go ahead and shut it down and give him, so now he has March, April, may, June, July, August, September to have this procedure and try and get back healthy for next year says okay, but at the rate is going. I don't really see a scenario when you, Joe, LMB finishes a career in 76 ERs.


Hey, You know what's gonna happen? It's the way life works. Just the way sports works sometimes I think they gonna make a, they, I'm not gonna call it a mistake. They're going to remove himself from having to deal with em bead and the injuries and injury history in, You know, he gonna go somewhere else. Ain't gonna be gonna be all world. He gonna be all world. He gonna be healthy, he gonna be fine. I, I guarantee it. It happens all the time. I've, I've seen it happen multiple times. You know, a, a player was on a, a specific team. He was very good at what he does. But due to injuries, it didn't allow him to reach his full potential with that specific team. He goes somewhere else after getting surgery in and off season, having enough time to, to get healthy and plays lights out and reaches the potential that he should have at a whole nother team.


I guarantee it won't happen. I hope that's the case.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


With Amex there's always a new experience to explore from curating the perfect vacation and chilling in the Centurion lounge. Before you get there, drying out that new trendy restaurant thanks to Priority notify with Global Dining Access by Resi and getting straight to the action at the big game. With card member entrances at select venues with Amex Platinum, you can experience it all. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply access to the card member entrance, not limited to the American Express Platinum Card. Learn more at American Express dot com slash.


With Amex everything Is more expensive now Whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card With no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchasing and regular on time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network at m withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Hi, I am Leah Palmeri. And I'm Matt still. And you might know us as the host of the hit iHeartPodcasts grownup stuff. So lately on the show we've been crunching the numbers on tax season and we're learning a whole lot. For instance, Matt, did You know there are more than 33 million small businesses in the us? That is way more than I thought. Same. And do You know some of the top cities for small business growth in the us? I actually don't know that one. Okay, I'm gonna tell you. We've got Scottsdale, Arizona, Atlanta, Georgia, Miami, Florida, Orlando, Florida, and Austin, Texas. Those are all over the country. That's why we've been talking with the tax experts at TurboTax Business about the tips and tricks small businesses should keep in mind when navigating tax season to file with confidence and hopefully save a few bucks. Well I can definitely tell you the more stuff I've learned about how taxes work, the more I think small businesses might wanna leave it to the professionals this year. Yes, TurboTax Business has a fleet of experts, especially small business experts who can give you advice throughout the process or just handle the whole thing for you. Get expert help today by visiting turbotax.com/business


San Antonio Head coach Hall of Famer. Greg Popovich is not expected to return this season and his future is uncertain as he recovers from a mild stroke suffered in November. Shams added during the appearance on the E-S-P-N-N-B-A countdown that pop is getting stronger and stronger in his rehab. The news came two days after Spurs announced that WIM would be, would be shut down for the rest of the season after being diagnosed with a DVT. Deep vein thrombosis in its right shoulder. Everybody you notice on Joe every, when somebody else has a procedure, it's always mild. A mild stroke. You notice it's never mild, it's never minor surgery when it's on you.


Man, I'm about to have surgery. Oh, you getting scope? Boy. A It is minor. Everything is minor or mild. As long as it's on somebody. Yeah, when it's on you. Yeah. Major, major. Yeah. We know what Gregg Popovich is. We know who he is. We know what he is. He's one of the greatest coaches in NBA history. Some says based on what he's been able to do and the time in which he wasn't able to do it. He might be one or two. We know coach, a coach aback what he was able to do with the Celtics in the sixties. Phil Jackson has 11 titles and, and pop, same team, same system.


Tim Duncan, Tony Parker and Manu basically. And then at the tail end they got Kawhi. But it's sad. I Speedy recovery coach. Oh yeah. I need you back on the sideline. Mean bugging the reporters. Asking them why they asking you them questions. You watching the game? Right. Oh man. Damn. But hopefully, like I said, I I, I didn't expect him to return ocho. Right. Mild stroke doesn't matter. That's something serious. My grandmother suffered from one of those and You know, you gotta learn obviously to the degree how bad, how severe it is. But You know, she had to learn how to, You know, walk again and move up. You know.


'cause normally one side of the brain affects the opposite side of the body. So you have to relearn all that stuff again. Yeah. And now I'm saying she's getting they coach Pop, I can assure you is getting the best PT possible. Right. He's probably getting PT multiple times a day. But Coach get real soon. Yes sir. You and Weby, y'all got something special growing down there with St. Stephan Castle. They got a, they got a nice little squad brewing down there. Ocho. They really do. I like VAs. Huh? Oh yeah. They got D they got D Fox now. Darren Fox, they got Castle, they got Vassel, they got Den Johnson coming off the bench.


CP is is You know, gives them great leadership and then, You know, they got Wimber, they got that that alien seven four can shoot the three, put the ball on the floor, can post up. He can do a lot of different things. Meet personally, I think he shoots a little bit too many threes. He's one of the great, he's already one of the great defenders in NBA history. So they got something special brewing. Now they just need pop to come back, get wimpy healthy. And let's see what this thing looks like in the next two to three years. Nicole Yoki, who was famously drafted in the middle of a Taco Bell kick ca Kay Sarita commercial. He finally spoke about that. He admitted I've never had Taco Bell just because of that. Wait, he never had Taco Bell because he was drafted.


They were the commercial when he was drafted. So he was in, he was, he was in the second round. He was the 60th pick. Right. Once you get pa, basically once you get past one through 15, You know people all of a sudden they go into the bathroom going to get beer. They, You know, if they have draft parties or whatever the case may be. Right. So You know damn well it's not like the NBA ojo, I mean the NFL where You know, you got good pick, You know the second round, third round, some guys are all Americans then going into the second and third round. Right. So you kind of tuned in a little bit more than basketball. Once you get past that one through 15, be like he was 60th. So he's in the second round. They, hey, hey. They go, goes to show you they was a commercial 60th on Yes.


Three time League MVP finals. MVP one of the great players in NBA history was a second round pick. And I ask what Was wrong with his footage? Was it that bad? He was outta shape. He was a he And like I said, if you look at him here, the thing you judge, they judge the book by his cover. He had a, he had, he had a three inch vertical. You know what I'm saying? He was, he was a little outta shape. I as matter of fact, they took EFN in the first round because he was drafted. He was drafted by the Nuggets. So was Yusef Nage. Nage went in the first round, if I'm not mistaken.


But I'm sure he could shoot the ball as efficient as he is right now. Even with a three inch vertical. I'm sure he could shoot the ball before he even got drafted. He, they had to have seen the potential. If they didn't see The potential he was 41st pick. What, what was, what was Drake? What? Nothing in that same draft. Right? Right. What was, what was Yolk 41st or 60th? He was the 60th pick. Mm. Chad. L-L-O-S-O-T. He was not 41st. They said 41st. 31st as Ashby gave me some wrong information.


He was the 40, 41st pick in the draft. I mean, I don't, Which is 11 picks after the first round. After the first round. 'cause there's 30 teams. So one through 30 is the first round. So he went 11 picks into the second round. Draymond Green was a sec two a second day pick. But is that, is that a bad thing? That's not a bad thing. Especially once you, once you blossom into what you should be. Right. But it just goes to show Ocho some things you just can't see. Everything is measurable. How high can you jump? How fast can you run? How can you do this? There are certain things he he's never gonna win anything with his t-shirt off and jumping and dunking and doing all that. He ain't even do nothing. Right, Right.


He's not. But put a ball in his hand. Oh yeah. He come to play. Now There, there, there are certain guys in the NFL, we've all seen it. We've seen guys go to the combine, jump through the roof, touch the ceiling, the RCA dome. We've seen guys run four two, run four three. We've seen guys bitch fresh 35, 40 times Times you put him in that structured environment. It's a, they're a no show. Couldn't play dead in a horror movie. Look like to and play like Jane. You don't know no rhyme or reason no Joe. Because such thing you can measure. You can't measure everything. What's inside of it? What makes him tick?


Oh yeah, What makes him, what makes a guy Tick? Where did he come from? How did he grow up? Yeah. Is he hungry now? Because there are a lot of guys hungry that just refuse to eat. But I need a guy hungry. Yeah, I'm talking about starving. That's why. What you, Because if I don't get this, guess what Ocho if I don't get this, my mom ain't going eat. If I don't get this, my gran ain't going to eat. If I don't get this, my kids, I got a choice. Your grandma, my grandma, my grandma going to eat your mom, my mom, my mom going eat. Right. Your kids are my kids. My kids going, my kids going to eat. That's the way I look at it though, Joe. That's the way I approach it. See, now you see, now you talking about my kind of mentality right there.


You hear me? That's my kind of, that's my mentality now. Now you understand a lot of people call me crazy now. Now. So think about this, right Chad, y'all stay with me for a second. Think about this, right? Think about your kids behind you. All your kids right behind you, right? Yeah. Your mom, your grandma, right? And, and, and you in front of your kids and your grandma and your mama. And let's say James Harrison is right there trying to get to your family. What's gonna happen? Run. Y'all run. See, come on. Huh? See that's, that's my mentality. You, you understand me, huh? My kids behind me all 50 11 mother and I'm in front of 'em and James trying to get to my kids.


That means I got to protect my family. So it's that mindset I'm going into fighting him with great understanding that the bigger they are, the harder they fall. Okay? And that's what's gonna happen. And I'm just wanting to use that analogy. I didn't mean to go off topic, but I'm just, give me a list. No Guys, y'all making my point. See That's right. It's intangibles. Intangibles is what you can't measure, right? They're measuring his height, they're measuring his speed, they're measuring how high he can jump. That's the point. Thank you. What is it that you cannot see? What is it that you cannot measure? Which is what's inside of an individual?


You can't. That's the difference. Yes, we know. But when you have a guy that have all those measureables and he has a burning desire that's inside of him ta. You get LeBron James, you get a Michael Jordan, you get a Kobe, you get a Deon Sanders, right? You get a Lawrence Taylor. You get those guys, guys that are supremely gifted and have a burning desire to be great. An unquenchable desire. And even when they've climbed to the top, they don't admire the view from the top.


They find another thing. They find another summit to scale. See, it wasn't good enough for Michael Jordan to ring Ricker the year. I gotta do more. It wasn't good enough for him to be an MVP. I need to do more. I need to win finals. MVP, I need to win the title. Same thing with LeBron. I need to be a defensive player of the year. I need to be a, I need to be an all NBA player. I need to be universally regarded as the best, the defacto. That's what these guys got. You see Tom, Tom Brady ain't got no, got no measureables. He can man you dude ran the worst 40 had the worst looking body, But what was in here and what's up in there.


Undeniable. And it Wasn't like he got a 50 a Ryan Fi, Patrick Pat, I think Pat McInally might have got the highest score. I think Pat McInally got like a 49 or a 50. Ryan Fitzpatrick got like a 48, 49 on the wonder leg out of a 50. Yeah, I Got got a lot of guys, but what I got, Nah, Jerry ran four six. Jerry didn't run no, 4, 4, 5. He ran a four five when he had the ball in his hand. But that's not what he ran in the combine. Yeah. Pat Mcna. Yeah. And both guys played in Cincinnati. Y'all get some smart ones.


I don't know what happened once they get there. The man got a 50. He as if I'm not mistaken, I think Pat Mackin might be the only guy that's ever gotten 50. He got perfect, huh? Yep. Yeah, I think that I was, man, I was so close. Mike. Hey, speaking of Mike Mula, Boston College, OCHO got a 49 on the Wonder leg. Goes there like two 60 runs, four or five vertical that's out of standing long jump, like 11 feet, everything. Could he play Coach Jump? They said about the recess about five times a day.


He still couldn't play another guy. Vernon Goldstein had all those measureables. Hey, Ohio State, go back and look it up. Look at it look like a Greek. God Couldn't play You. You don't, you you, there is no rhyme or reason ojo that you look at somebody like can't miss. He's a can't miss. Ain't no such thing as can't. There's no such thing as all or every, but You know, you put this like, man, ain't no way bro. I'm like, look like that, bro.


You got to be able to do something Ain't going by the a test. And, and, and it wasn't. Oh, Ocho he was amazing in college. Yeah. Hey, college in the pros is completely different whether what the people believe it or not, completely different ballgame. The Celtics had a little bit of a run, had a little fun with Jalen Brown, quizzing him on musicians knew at oh he did not pass with flying colors. Ocho let's take a look at this. See that? Lemme see that. Lemme see this. I might just, And I don't know.


Hey, I like, I like that. I like that. That that's dope. That's dope. You, you think you'd be surprised? I don't how many, how many professional athletes don't know, You know, artists, You know, whether they're famous or not. They're, They like wise, They're not really call, You know, based on facial recognition, You know, that they No, unless you are one of the elites at at what it is you do. I mean, there's a few people on there. I'm not even gonna lie, I didn't know who they were. Yeah. I mean, okay. I was at, I was there last night. You saw people you ain't know. Look, I know more people than Jordan. You know, nobody, Hey, he don't know nobody. Yeah.


Hey, hey, hey, hey boss. That that isn't that isn't that Madam vp? Yeah. Jordan, you just signed I October. Hold on. I got a question. You know, being at something like the Na NAACP Awards. Yeah. Was there anybody you were excited to see, or might have been a little starstruck that you hadn't had a chance to meet before? For the most part on Cho, I had pretty much met a lot of them. Right. I've met Taraji before I was in, I, I I, I, I've seen, I met Gabrielle, obviously Kiki and I, You know, not, not really Damon Williams. I hadn't met him. I hadn't met Marlon.


That's that's about it. That's about it. That, that I was like, okay. Because it's always nice to be somewhere and finally put a name to a face. Like, okay, that's okay. Okay. Yeah. Because sometimes you feel 'em and they like, they don't look like they look on television. Right. And I'm like, they either they smaller right. Shorter That you would think. Right. Or they're a little larger, a little taller than what you would think. Right. And so that's like, and so it's always, it's, it's great to like to see people and to be in that environment. That's dope. That's, I go to the Oscars. I'm going to the Oscars. Oh, You know, I was supposed those nevermind because you ain't gonna believe me.


Yep. I met Ade. I've met, met Beyonce and, and and hov. But that's About it. I'm trying to That's dope. Anybody ask anybody ask about me at the n NAACP Awards? Nah. They, they, yes. Yes they do. They like, man, where OCHO at? Yeah. I say, ain't no telling where OCHO is crazy. I said, tell me something that I don't know, that's me, that's me, that's me. But it's, oh, it must be your food. You order some food. Oh. But no, I wouldn't, a lot of those like, like Ocho I did, I hosted the, the day the Emmy Awards.


Right. Man. Even as much as I studied Right. Man, them people walking by. But You know, that'd be they'll they're in your ear. Yeah. That's such and such. That's such and such. Because they didn't walk on by you. You'd been lost, huh? Damn. For sure. Because that was, it was like, now you got all these shows on Netflix and you got all these other shows on Amazon and you got all these shows. So it's just not like when you and I grew up the Emmys, everybody was on A, B, C, C, B, SNBC. Right. That was it. Now you got like 12. I like, man, please. And then trying to pronounce their name.


I said, nah, you gonna hit that name? I'm, I'm good. I'm gonna do the talking. But you get that name. So yeah, it was for, we had fun last night. Don't Joe, we we had a great time. The Volume.


This one's for the food Obsessed for the phone eats first person for the influencer who knows about a new spot before it's popping. And for the person who's all in on dining. Now with Amex Gold, you can earn four times points at restaurants up to $50,000 and up to $100 back annually in statement credits on eligible purchases at US resi restaurants so you can get rewarded for eating what you love. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms of supply cap applies. Learn more at American Express dot com slash with amex.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan, chase and Company.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory. Nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion, laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo empowering creators everywhere.


This Valentine's Day celebrate every love story with Pandora, whether it's romantic, platonic, familial, or a gesture of self-love. Pandora's Versatile Designs let you express your unique connections in meaningful ways. Each piece tells a story of love or friendship that transcends materialism. Turning every gift into a heartfelt message that connects hearts from best friends to significant others. Pandora helps you honor the bonds that make life richer and more meaningful. Make the feeling last from first sight to forever. On Valentine's Day and every day, be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today in store or online@pandora.net.