
When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out. But with HubSpot, they can achieve their best results without the stress. Tap into HubSpot's collection of AI tools. Breeze to pinpoint leads. Capture attention and access all your data in one place. Keep your marketers cool and your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks, or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Top Reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey, did you know the CMA awards is live Wednesday on a BC, Chris Stapleton and Post Malone Kickoff Country Music's biggest Night Plus Electrifying Performances by Lainey Wilson, Shazi, Ashley McBride, Luke Bryan, Dirks Bentley, and a one of a kind. Collaboration by Thomas Red and Teddy swims. Luke Bryan, Peyton Manning and Lainey Wilson. Host the CMA Awards. Live Wednesday at eight seven Central on a, B, C, and Stream. Next, Dan Hulu,


S Pop, and Justin Jefferson. Here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You, Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBH Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, Casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


LeBron James four straight grain games of triple doubles came to an end tonight, but they still got the win. The Lakers still won over the Pales 1 0 4 to 99. LeBron did not have his best shooting performance, but when they absolutely had to have it, he made two big threes, including the silencer. Hey LeBron man. Let me ask you a question. Yes. What are the chances we see a LeBron again? We've never seen it. Is is it? Is it possible? Is there anybody in NBA that can come close to the longevity and the consistency year in and year out back at, at some point reach the plateau in which he has, But we're assuming that this is it.


I can see him playing another two years. Yeah, he said it. He said he see himself playing another one or two. I Mean, he's a, he, think about it, he's averaging, he had 21 points, seven rebounds, five or since last night after string of four straight triple doubles. Anthony Davis has been out the charts. Anthony Davis had 31 and 14 tonight with two with a block and two steals. He's been sensational. It's not that the longevity, it's the level in which he played at. Yes, Yes. That's, that's, that's what's so impressive are am I impressed that, I mean, for someone to have the longevity, see, like the thing that was impressive about Tom was the level at which he's playing at.


We've seen guys play into their forties. Right. But they didn't look like that. Right. We've seen a lot of basketball players, you know, Vince Carter played into his forties. Dirk Naski, Kevin Garnet, Kevin Willis, Robert Parish. Most of the time it's bigs. Right. Most of the time it's a big a Kareem, you know, they go down and get on the block, blah, blah, blah, blah. But you know, for, for Vince to play 22 guards, LeBron LeBron's handling the ball, LeBron's getting up and down the court. LeBron ain't just going down and getting on the block and posting up. Right? Right. So I don't think so Ocho I don't wanna be one of those guys that say never, but I don't think we'll see it in my li in my, I don't think I'll see it in my lifetime right now.


Maybe the kids, my kids' kids will see it. But I mean, for a guy to play at that level, he's probably gonna average somewhere around 23 to 26 points. A game gonna probably be eight and eight or eight and seven. Assist the rebounds. He still can give you, go get you 30 on a, on an efficient night. Like I said, he didn't shoot the ball well night he was eight or 19. Two or seven, three or five for the free throw line. But he had four offensive rebounds. The thing is the turnovers, he had a couple, he had six turnovers, they only had 11. So he did to do a better job of cutting down the turnovers. But he's still playing at an extremely high level ocho. Yeah.


And they've won five games in a row. Now they're nine. They're nine and four and I think they're going home. Right. I think they go home now. I think they have like a four, four or five game road trip. They three game road trip. Wait, who they got? Yeah. So that, that should be, I mean, that Nuggets game's gonna be tough because Nicole Yoki just playing at, hey, He, man, I mean they gotta say at some point in time, stop this notion he's the best player in basketball.


Whoa. It is what it is. That's, He's the best player in basketball. What about Luca? What about ad? He's the Ja moron. Kevin Duran, Anthony, Edward, Nicola, Nicola Yoic is, is the best player in the NBA Damn Period. I wish it was something I could tell you different, don't you? Do you see the numbers that he's putting up? I I, I, I see the numbers that he's putting up. I see the numbers that he's putting up, but I just wouldn't agree with him being the actually best basketball player in the world right now.


Who you Take. Well, who's better than him? What you basally though? Huh? I just, I just rung off a few names that are also putting up amazing numbers. Night in and night out. Yeah. They put up numbers like this. Dang. 29, 14 and 12 shooting 50 plus percent. Dang. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Now you got, you got my, my, my, my data bank is, is, is, is working right now.


Hold on now. So you like, you liked him over Jason Tatum too, right? Yes. I think he's the best. I think he's the best basketball player. His IQ is off the charts. That's why he can, that's why his assist total is so high. Now he can rebound you. Now he's giving you 30 and he's giving you 30, shooting 51st, 50 plus percent from the floor. He's real efficient. He's not a vol, he's not a volume shooter. He's efficient. Yes. He's averaging 30 points, 14 rebounds, 12 assists. He's shooting 56% from the floor.


He's fifth in, scored first in rebounding, first in assists. He's 15. 15th. And field goal percentage. Chat. Chat the chat with no chat. Do y'all agree with on if there's somebody, if there's somebody you feel that is better than Nicole Yoic that you would view as the best basketball player in the NBA? Can you please? I just, just, just, just gimme some names. I don't have numbers in front of me right now. This is a good one. I like I see you. I See you. Okay. Somebody said, I mean, what? I mean, he has a title, he has a finals. MVP, he's won three MVPs in the last four years.


I mean, and there's nobody better than yo right Now. You know, half of the chat is agreeing with you. So I can't, I can't even come up with an argument. Nah, He, he, he, he playing out of his mind. Don't, Joe, he's playing out of his mind. Oh, well somebody did say they think joke. I mean Luca and just as good. Just as good. But I'm sure they probably give the but, But Luca is not as efficient. Luca is a volume shooter. Shooter. Right. What about, what about S-S-S-G-A-S-G-A Sha Gil? Yes, sir. I like Sha just not over Luca. Okay. I like Giannis not over Luca. I like Embi not over Luca. Right. jt not over Luca.


Hold on. I got, matter of fact, I'm glad you just said that. Embiid, he takes, he takes, he plays every other game, right? Yes. 'cause of his size, his knees, the injuries. Well isn't Joker what? Maybe a little shoulder shorter? Yeah. Just as heavy. But Joker is not nearly as heavy. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Luke is averaging 29 points a game that's six in the NBA. He's tied for 20. He's tied for 27th with eight rebounds. He's tied for eight in assists. He's shooting 43% from the floor, which is a hundred fifth first. First 15th.


Oh, that's crazy. He's, Oh wait. But also, also things can change because it's still early in the season. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But the thing is he's all, but he's, look, he's gonna average, he's gonna get you double digits and rebounds. The question is, can he average a triple double by getting you the double digit assist? Now would I be surprised if he ended up averaging 27, 28 points a game 11, 12 rebounds a game and nine assists? No, absolutely not. Absolutely not. But he, he, he's legit and I, from the very first time I saw him, yeah, he, he he's the real deal inside the NBA will move to ESPN in 2025.


Hey, a licensing, a licensing deal with TNT. The deal will see TNT sports continue producing the show. But it will air on ESPN for fans. The biggest news that Charles Shaq, Kenny, and Ernie will still be on our television. So that means it's still going to be produced out in Atlanta. Because Ernie said he ain't going nowhere and Huh? J Studio J Yes. He's not going anywhere. And, and, and, and Chuck, I mean, that's a short trip for Chuck. Shaq has a place in Atlanta. Shaq has a place a lot of places, Kenny, but I I, I'm glad they're staying together.


I'm Yeah, they're, they, they, they're the go, they're what Howard Cosell and Don Meredith and, and what they were for Monday night Football, right? Yeah. This Is, yeah. They, they, they, they work very, very, very, very well together. The chemistry is is unbelievable chart unmatched. There's really no one else you can, you can take out and plug someone else in and think the show would still be the same. No. So I'm, I'm, I'm glad they, they are coming back. That's that, that's Years of chemistry ocho that's years of, of understanding each other. Right. You know, Shaq and Kenny going at it, what many of their best friends, the next minute they talk, they wanna tear each other. Heads up.


Yeah. You know, they making fun of Kenny running to the board. You know, Kenny with the kick stands, but you know, and, and, and Ernie is the perfect traffic cop. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Boom, boom. He getting his, he getting his little digs in here and there. Ocho Yeah. But he doing, passing that thing off to everybody. He magic. Go ahead. Remember Kenny and Shaq was running to the board? Yeah. Each other. He pushed Shaq into the goddamn Christmas tree. Chris, But Shaq beat him. Shaq even Shaq beat him when Shaq had just was like probably a couple of months removed from having his hip replaced. 'cause Shaq had his hip replaced. Shaq beat kid. It, and you know Shaq, a lot of times Shaq wear a house shoes bedroom, wear bedroom shoes.


Right. But Shaq beat Shaq even Chuck beat it to The board. Yeah. That's funny. Yeah. And you know when Jamal Crawford or or Draymond or somebody else, they, they beat him all the time. They just, they just blow the door. They just blow the doors off him. So Ocho Yeah, mag the stallion. Gorilla discuss never going into the ocean again because of aliens are in the water. Megan said, I will not go into the ocean no more. The rabbit hole I went went down that ish monster suit. Who would wanna get into an ocean again? There's like all the monsters reside. They think aliens are up.


They're down. Look at the, look at a crab. You really said you think aliens are in the sea. Megan, the aliens are in the seat. Look at a crab, look at it in the face. Next time you eat it, damn man, you, I think you might be over, you might be overthinking it. Yeah. And if, if they, they're, they're aliens. The aliens do exist. They, they do exist. They're classified documents. I I've heard about area 51, wherever that may be. Aliens do exist. The government is, is very good at hiding things like this. But it ain't in no goddamn water. It ain't no goddamn sea. I, I doubt that there, there's extra terrestrial life.


I'm not sure where it is, but it's definitely not in the sea. People have been in the sea for, for in the ocean for how long? We have seen no signs of, of extra Correct. Extra terrestrial activity coming from the sea. But it's always been in the sky. That's where it probably is. You Ain't never seen it. So how, you know, IIII don't need to see it. I mean, I, I, I haven't done, it's not like I've done any ex extensive research on it. But anytime we, That's So how you know that that's what you say, you say ain't nothing come out to sea. You ain't never seen in the sea or the air. Yeah. From How, you know. I mean, it's just, it's just doubtful though. It's just doubtful. With, with why, with as much work as, as we, as humans have done in the ocean, there have been no signs of No, no signs of it.


Of at, at all. So IJI just, I just, it's just doubtful. But I, I, there are there, there, there are aliens. You know, the government is hiding it very well. And it's just at some point, Didn't it say a plane almost had a, a, a, a, a crash with one What you coast? Yeah. I don't know. I don't, I I don't know how true that is. And you know, people always have these AI images of UFOs and everybody thinks sometimes a shooting star might be a UFO. But it, it, it's, it's not, it's not What They do, what they do. They do exist though. I, I truly believe they do exist.


I'm wor I'm worried about these crazy mofos that I see all the time. I ain't worried about no aliens. Something I ain't never seen. I see enough aliens walking around here right now. I doing some effed up ish. The ones you need to worry about are right down here on Earth. Exactly. I ain't, I ain't worried about nothing. No sky ain't worried about nothing in the ocean. I worried about the aliens I walk past every day. Yeah, You said it right. Them the crazy ones. Hey, what up buddy? What up Twin? Anybody that has a old, are you two? So anybody got a 2-year-old Pomeranian? Oh, she need, oh, how, how much she need to weigh, how you say between the, between the weight.


So five and eight pounds. Okay. Teddy Bear said I got something for Okay.


Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Mayers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar listen.


Tired to tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress, then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. Why are you sleeping? Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast. Sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


when It's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Top Reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom-built T-Mobile private 5G network to power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption.


With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking, Oh, I got so far. Oh, Joe Shemar Moore has social media riled up after he recently revealed, while he has no plans to marry his girlfriend, the mother of his only child, Reon Moore explained to people that he views Deon Daon, Aon Deon as a partner in crime.


However, he's never seen marriage as a part of his plan. I didn't have good role model of marriage in my life. Not my mother, not my father. Nobody close to me. I struggle with it. Who made that rule? I asked my mother one time. I'm like, if people get married, then what's this prenup thing? Oh, I love you. You're the most amazing person in the world, but sign this so you don't trust the person. She's my partner. She's the mother of Frankie. Frankie is a, Frankie has a dope ass mama. And I'm trying to be the, the trying to be a dope ass daddy. And we going to do that till God calls my name. Hmm. What what do you think about that? When I, when I, when I hear people talk about marriage, marriage in general and what it entails, there's documentations that binds you, binds you legally by contract.


You know? And I, I understand this part where he also says that we do love each other. We're willing to, we're willing to spend the rest of our lives together, but before we do so, let's protect ourselves when it comes to our assets so that whatever, well, Lemme ask you a question. When he end in the contract to work on that TV show, did he sign the contract? Why sign the contract? They said they wanted to hire you. You said you was gonna work. So why sign the contract? See, before, before people started pulling Bull Jive, a contract was simply a meeting of the minds. Mm. But what happened? You say One thing. I say another. Yeah. And then we come down to it. I don't get paid. And then I, I don't know why. So they says, you know what?


Let's put it on this, this eight by 10. Yeah, let's put it on this. Hey, put it there. I that's why you do it. I got a question for you. Yeah. Like you all for marriage a a as am I. Yeah. The documentation and, and I'm signed a prenup. Yeah. So you, you, you offer the prenups and all that, right? Hell Yeah. So where's the benefit in marriage? Who, who's, who's the beneficiary of? Well, I mean, man, I mean, look, The man, the, the man, the man or the woman, because who lose 85? Who loses everything in marriage. The man or the woman. 80, 85% of the time. If a man gets married, he truly, truly loves because he's most of the time in an advantageous situation, Goddammit, thank You.


Not all. There's no, there's no, and not, listen, I'm not saying always, not every time, because there are some times men get married and women have more, but more times than not is the man. And so I'm just gonna get, I look, You know, I want my partner to be, but you not Finn to come in and be with me for five years, 10 years. In fact, you about to walk out here with half. Oh no. Oh, shouldn't me. Because that's, that's exactly what they're gonna do. That's exactly what they've always done. In general. That's why I say, when I think about, when I think about the idea and the ideals of marriage in general, most of the time it benefits the woman. Especially on the back when things don't work.


Even for true. Even even with that, even with the statistics, with, with the divorce rates still being extremely high and get continuing to climb. I still would love to be married. I still, I still would love to be able to share my wins with someone. I I I would love that. Oh, I get it too. Everybody keep talking about, I feel a prenup is setting you up for failure. Well, why sign a contract? Why sign a contract to go to work that's setting you up for failure? Because that's telling you, you don't trust your boss. So, So I you don't, you don't trust your partner. If you have to have a contract legally where it says, listen, you Get, I just want, I just, I just want there to be an understanding. Because what you, how many times you say, I don't want nothing from you, I don't want nothing from you.


And the minute you get in the position to get something, you want everything. So I just want PI just want this paper that says, okay, this is what you're gonna get. Nothing more, nothing less Half of the time, you know, business, business, bus businesses, marriage is is a business construct. You know that. Yes. It, it's, it is a, it is a business. You know, you know, I, I don't, I don't wanna dive deep into it, but it's, it's something that, that I, that I do value something that I do value, something that I do like, and, and, and, and, and, and want. I'm, I'm gonna get it too. You hear me on Yeah, I'm gonna get it. I'm, I'm gonna get my family, I'm gonna get, I'm, I'm gonna get that marriage and, and it's, it's, it's, it's going to happen.


It's gonna happen. Yeah, but look, that, that's, that's man's. I don't, I don't get, look, he do what he wanna do. He don't wanna get married. Okay bro. You ain't gotta get married. But if you, you don't wanna sign a pre if people sign a prenup. Some people, I mean, some people don't. I mean, I can see OCHO ain't a problem if we come in together and like, I have got married when I was in college. Okay? Right. Women ain't got nothing. But how you come in, I'm worth X. And then you come in and then all of a sudden I'm gonna be half the man I was when I met you monetarily. Come on there. That don't seem Fair to me. Yeah, it's, it's not fair. 'cause here's what happened during the divorce. Come on. They take half the money and all the hoo haw.


Now you tell me the fairness in that Ocho, They take half the money and all the hoo-ha and they go to somebody else and, and then some other dude enjoying all your hard work. All your hard work. Yes. Yeah. I don't, I don't like that part A statistically it's scary. So I understand what he's talking about. So that, that's, that's my thing, man. Oh, hey, hey judge, hold on. How much you say she get? I mean, I should be able to go, I should be able to go over there on a Monday and a Thursday dog. Oh, judge, come on now. Damn. Look it on. Hey, you gotta put it, yeah, you gotta put that in the contract. We gotta put that in the prenup. Yeah, but hey, if, if Us up, if and when, if we happen to break up, I still have access on the Monday and Thursday to get some of that hoo-Ha.


Hey, you taking half the money so you gonna take all the money, you gonna take half the money. All the hoo-ha so what's in it for me Again? Which is why marriage is not beneficial to the man and never has been. And then, and then, and then and then he up here in the, at the house with the pool. The seven bedroom. Yeah. Six bath driving Your car. Yeah. 'cause she won the cars now she won the cars in the divorce settlement. So she and she and your BMW. Yeah. He drive, he driving Your BMWs 7, 7 80 I or whatever it is. We over there. A I pull a, we over there a oh, holidays fix extra plate for you.


Boy, Are you gonna be over there with him? For sure, honey, I'm home. Oh my bad. Hey, quit. I'm home. Hey, I got a kid. Everything, don't you? Hey, when you know, you know what? That's the thought about. Oh man, I'm, I was, think about it. When I think about finances and, and, and women always wanting a man that's, that's stable. That's financially. Yeah. I ain't got no problem with that. Yeah. But then, then I, I look at, I look at some of the wealthiest men in the world, some of the worthiest men in the world and, and what it takes to keep a woman happy. And I, I think about the men that have the most money and still are unable to keep a woman happy. You know, they have everything.


They can give you everything. How is it still possible that the richest man in the world, that Jeff Bezos, the, the Bill Gates, the, the Warren Buffets, or there's some other wealthy men of, of that status that have been married and they divorce. And sometimes you hear from the wives, I just wasn't happy. Like, so think about when you think, think about people of you Looking for happiness in someone else though. Ocho happiness is not something that you find. Happiness is something that you create. Yeah. That's from You do that though, Right? I think that's the hard part. The responsibility of women being happy. It's the solely rely to, for the man to make her happy. So I think that that's, that's, that's where the problem lies.


I don't, don't gimme that responsibility Because Already have enough on my plate. Please don't, please don't make me be the reason you're happy. You already be happy, Man. Women keep, women love to talk about it. Don't take much to make me happy. Stop it. Yeah. Stop. Shit me. The, the the, The wind blowing. You saying, Boy, listen. Oh, such And such. Piss me off at work today. Damn. Now it's my job to come in and I gotta be Richard Pry. I gotta be get, I gotta be Richard Pryor. I gotta be Dr. Ruth. And, and the funny thing, when you, when you ask the question, you ask, just say you line up a hundred women, you line up a hundred women. You ask a hundred women the same question.


What makes you happy? And whatever makes them happy. It's never anything involving or having to do with you never, never ever. And they say, oh, it's so easy to make you happy. But if it's so easy to make you happy, how come nobody's been able to do it? Not short term. Short term is easy. No. Honeymoon phase. Honeymoon phase. Oh my god. And then you're talking about Talk to me. You get the year three, you get the year four and see if the happiness is still the same, the the same used to love to do with you everything. Oh. Just be honest and communicate with us.


Y'all don't like to talking y don't wanna talk about it. You should know what you be I what happened to communication want. You should know what I want for my birthday. You've been with me for three years. How you don't know? Yeah. What you want to eat tonight? Oh, you don't know what I want to eat. No, I don't. That's why I asked your ass hell if I do, I just went and picked it up anyway. Yeah. And then you got mad about why ain't you calling and ask me what I wanted? Yeah. Hey, it's, it's difficult. It's diff it's difficult. It's difficult. I I say it all the time. It's impossible to keep a woman happy. Long term. Long term. Long term. That's why so many Stop. Listen to you women.


Listen to pe Women listen to other women that ain't even married, but they, them group chat talk about and what, what they think is the ideal for a man. You ever had a man that was your, if you had a man, oh, I had this man and he's, he's ideal. Where is he now? Hmm? Why didn't you keep him? He hisd If he was ideal, why is he gone now? Mm. Hold on, hold on. Another thing, another he Was, I mean he was ideal. He was perfect. Oh, he was everything. The hey hick tell me one time, Ocho, she said, Hey you everything I want. He say your height, start with six and your weight start with two. I can work with everything else.


I can work with everything else. So I'm just trying to figure out on Joe. Yeah. If he was ideal. Yeah. Why are we here? Yeah. Yeah. Ask a another, ask a woman her expectations from a man. Ask woman her expectations and watch how unrealistic it sounds. It's a build a bear. It's a robot, But you but ocho, there's not a man or a woman created that's gonna be everything that you want. You just hope they have enough of the qualities. Qualities that what you're looking for that they don't you okay with? They don't have them.


Yeah. They have enough. Enough. But if you go and say, oh, I got 25 things and he need to have 23 of 'em, girl, good move on Child. Please. Yeah. No, no. Yeah. Denzel Washington clarifies that he's not retiring. I didn't say I was gonna go into retirement. I say I, it has, I said it has to be a level of interest to me. Diego D he ain't going nowhere. No. He just says he want, I mean, basically he said, I, I just wanna, I just wanna work with the best. I think that Black Panther, Ryan Coogler, he's doing something with him.


He's always done something with the Scots Ridley Scott. Yep. Glad that's been Spike Lee. He, I mean, you know, obviously he's done a lot with Spike Lee inside. Man Devil in Blue Dress. Yeah. He done Harlem Blues. You know, he's done. That's, those are Spike. But he Ridley Scott. I think he, he used to do some stuff with his, with Ridley's brother. Yeah. But look, then at this point in time, he can do whatever he wanna do. He can, but the roles that he, he can do whatever he do, the roles that he takes at this point in his career have to be right. Yeah. Mo Blues. Yeah. Mo Better Blues.


I remember Glad he got Gladiator too, coming out too. Yeah, Gladiators. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's Rid Scott. Yeah. Come out what, next week? Right? Next week. I think the 20, the 22nd if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. Antoine Fuqua did training date. Oh yeah. I think Antoine did a equalizer also. Manny Fresh claims that he wrote the hook to Who Let the Dogs Out by the Baja Men by Accident Fresh. Sat down with Nila Simone and on the We Need to Talk podcast and shared how the hook became the beat. I was programming something in the studio and the dudes who made the song, they were like, bro, could you help us with a song?


I was just like, I'm busy doing something right now. And they, and they were like, just like, give us a hug. So I was just like, who let the dogs out? Who, who? And closed the door, man. They the man. Get the f outta here. And the song came out. I was like, wait a minute. I was just saying that to them in the studio. Yeah. Fresh change, musical history within help on the song. I didn't know that. I didn't either. Nobody, I don't think anybody knew that. And it, and, and the funny, they changed it a little bit. 'cause it's who let the dogs out and it's spark the woo woo. And I'm probably Manny Fresh probably probably said who, who, who? Like who Let him out. Yeah. Who let him out.


Right. They changed it to the bark. Yep. I wonder does he get royalties for that or no? Hell No. So they stole this idea, basically. Yeah. That happens all the time. Yeah. Yeah, he does. That's why you about have to copyright or patent It. Right? Damn. That's crazy.


Okay. Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer's thick cup bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Mayers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar,


listen Pat to tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. Why are you sleeping? Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon. You'll dream about. Keep it


Oscar. When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast. Sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


Now it's time for our last segment of today is time for q and a. Call boy. A SM r's up. Uncle Ocho saw you at the game today. I was dripped out my night clap shirt. Ps your tre land start. Wait, somebody somebody was in, they was in. They saw you. You I wasn't at the game. Yeah, but it was freezing cold. What, what, what did, what did he had on the Nightcap back there in that cold, but oh, it was freezing out there. Where O Joe, what you want me to say?


You want me to call him out? I'm saying, I'm saying what? I I I wish I would've saw him. I wish I would've saw him. They, that that boulder atmosphere was nice. Man. Man, they, Hey Ralphie. You know the little the buffalo? Yeah. It was a is a girl Ralphie's a girl? Yeah. Everybody knew that Ocho A, a girl named Ralphie. Yeah. And then I was expecting to see this big ass buffalo come out. Man, she's so little. She's so, she's so little. I'm like, this is It. She's still a thousand pounds ocho. Yeah, but she little on, like I'm telling you, if you, if you see her, if you see her, I've seen her when she came out and I'm looking like, what? Like, I, I can handle that.


But what do you want Bodacious to run out there? You wanted a a, When you think of a buffalo, when you think of a, a full size buffalo, they're huge. So lemme ask you a question. Who's gonna hold a full-sized buffalo? The men, there are three men on each side of the buffalo, huh? Yeah. But you think they're gonna hold a a, a one ton buffalo? Yeah. Yeah. Get me out there. Get me out there. Clearly you've never been on a farm. And first and second of all, I've never been on a farm. You do. No animals. Animals that have testicles. Males. Right. That's why they use, that's why they use females. Huh? I know, I know, I know. I, I understand. I'm just, I was, I was, I was expecting Ralphie to be this, you know, enormous.


And it's like, oh shit, look at Ralphie. But it was like, oh look, he's so cute and little. He was like, he was like teddy bear. Nah, he ain't like teddy bear. Jay back said, yo Uncle Ocho was some of the things you heard from defenders at the, at the line of scrimmage, something crazy or something. Some outlandish trash talk. Lemme see who, who, who talked back to me? Nobody ever talked actually during the game. The only person who talked previous to a game was Fred Smoot. I'm not sure if people in the chat are familiar with Fred Smoot. Legendary, legendary player. I think he went to Mississippi State, if I'm not mistaken. He, he talked, Fred talked, he talk and he talk when he lose and you could catch a ball and he's still talking.


He's probably the only one that really talked to me. Nobody else. Nobody else. Really, really? No, they didn't talk conversation. They were, they were, they was giving specific instructions not to talk because I was talker. Yeah. Normally started out, you know, jovial. But you know, they started talking crazy. So I was like, oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't do that. Four KT say what if the N-B-A-N-F-L and NBA switch draft systems, the Pistons, pistons would get the number one pick every year. Yes.


Then what would be their incentive to win? Ah, that's A good one. That's why the, that's why they went to the lottery system because teams was tanking to get the number one pick. Right. So no, we gotta make it so, hey, okay, you might have the worst record and you might have the most ping pong balls, but there's no assurances that you're gonna get the number one pick. Right. Unless you're San Antonio. They seem to always, when they have they in the lottery, they get the number one pick every damn time. How the hell, how the hell you get David Robinson, Tim Duncan and Weby, they no damn good karma. They they got, they got two first ballot Hall of Fames MVPs.


Yep. And Weby looked like he's gonna be, you know, all all of them was, was, was was a, a rookie of the years. Tony boy said Uncle Ocho is two seconds left at a tight game. Fourth and Gold Brady and quarterback. Who's he throwing the ball to the game winner. You or Ocho? Ocho ain't gonna be able to run nothing but a slant. He can't elevate over nobody. Well my, I got a 47 inch vertical man. What you talking about? I Can't. Well you ain't never displayed. Huh? You ain't never displayed. I Ain't have to 'cause nobody was ever that close to me where I was had to At the goal line. Would you run out the goal line and catch it up in the stands?


Oh, Because I always score from far out. That exactly me to answer your question, me, Carlin Labone happy birthday to my little boy Sean who turns six today. Sean, happy birthday. Your mom Carlin wants to wish you a happy birthday. She say you are the best little boy ever. I take a word for it. Happy birthday young man. Happy Birthday G Knox one seventy one Uncle Ocho or my two favorite people. My name is Greg. Can you wish my wife Ria and son Te happy birthday. Can you get Dr. Rachel Ross on Nightcap? She promotes men prostate and sexual health. Oh yeah.


Hey Ria and Te happy birthday. Greg wanted to wish you wife and his son a very happy birthday. It's funny, y'all got the same birthday, I'm assuming maybe it's a couple of days apart, but he wanted to wish both of you a happy birthday because we're on tonight. So real te happy birthday. Greg. Thank you for your support. Appreciate you watching. Appreciate you listening. Appreciate your support. Everybody at Nightcap appreciate you. Rachel Ross. I'm not familiar with her, but, but I'm gonna do some research. You know, you know the Rose Sparks got me with their sexual help. They do really good. They do really good.


Yeah. Hey, why you keep on laughing? You know who Rachel Ross is? I don't know anything about that. Thank you guys for joining us for Nightcap College Football style. Wait till y'all see us tomorrow. Oh yeah, we gonna be on one tomorrow. Wait till, wait till You see them. Bengals. Who y'all play tomorrow? We play the Chargers. I got the Chargers. What?


They probably couldn't, wouldn't let em flex out of it. They don't not. Not in no Sunday night football. Absolutely not. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Shark. He's OCHO the bingo ring of Fame artery. Liberty City's on the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's him. Shadow Boxing. On the radio, on your screen, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. We thank you for counting. We thank you for Mattery, we thank you for your support.


Check out Shaa by La Portier. We have an abundance in stock and if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, we'll ship it directly to your door. You got the holidays right around the corner, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's. We wanna make sure you have a very, very festive holiday season and please drink responsibly. Check out my media company page on all his platforms. That's she she Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. I was held when I was well. Shirts I lie for you before I lied to you. Nightcap hoodies stay with me now. Hoodies and of course our bestsellers, UNC and ocho ts and we also have it in black.


Quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last the number 12. Georgia Bulldogs defeated the number seven Tennessee volunteers. 31 to 14. Number 17, Colorado continues to roll. Move to eight and 2 49. 20, 24 Victors over the Utah Utes. Travis Hunter had five catches for 55 yards, a five yard rush touchdown, three tackles of interception and one pass breakup. He's now draft King's bet fa betting favorite to win the Heisman, Florida defeats. LSU 27 16.


Oregon survives a scare on the road in Wisconsin, 16 to 13 as they outscored the Badgers. 10 nothing in the fourth quarter to stay. Unbeaten Ashton Genty ran for a hundred, ran 459 yards, three touchdowns, and now has 1,893 rush yards on the season. Deshaun Mitch a and shout out to Savannah States on Deshaun Mitchell broke Shannon Sharp's record single game record that he set in 1989 with a 12 catch 227 yard, two touchdown performers. Deshaun, congratulations on the record. Congratulations on being named First Team All conference and very interested in cool story.


Sorry that it had to be is like this, but Money Williams, he's a player from Montana, correct? Yeah, he scored 30 of Montana's 57 points on eight of 15, shooting four seven from the three. But he lost both of his parents, his sister, and he took over the responsibility of raising the younger siblings. There are three and they've already raised $128,651 of the $150,000 goal, which I believe will rise. Congratulations. Money. Sorry about the hardship. Sorry that what you're going through, but you're doing what your mom and dad, I'm sure they'll be extremely, they would be extremely, extremely proud of you and your sister for doing the right thing.


Prayed up for you bro. Thank you for all that you've done for your siblings and we wish you nothing but the best. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. We will see you tomorrow. The Volume Volume. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth.


So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Top Reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all.


Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for? Give the gift of sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes, and colors. And they have products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select Jlab products this holiday season on jlab.com. Look for the Jlab Blue box at retailers everywhere or visit jlab.com today.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort. Our fall collection offers hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices, boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic all forgot a slip-ons. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date, and we're just getting started. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.