
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage solutions. Put heavy duty HDX totes to good use, protecting what's important to you. This solid impact resistant design prevents cracking and the clear base and sides. Make items easy to find even when the totes are stacked. Find select online shelving and tote storage up to 25% off at The Home Depot. To organize every room in your home from your garage to your attic, visit home depot.com. How? Doers Get more done.


The Volume NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draft Kings Sports Book. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that have invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Ojo. Yeah, it is time for money Moves presented by Draft Kings Sports book. The lion is the lion is out. The chiefs are currently 1.5 point favorites over the Eagles ocho You like that? Is it too high, too low? Just right? I mean, I I think it's just right. I think it's just right. But this is what's gonna happen, you know, as the, as the days go by. I think the line is gonna change. Huh? The, the line is gonna change. I don't know how it changes. You know, and I know the odds are stacked there in favor of the chiefs obvi for obvious reasons. But listen, I don't know who's gonna win the game.


I don't know who's gonna win the game. But based on what we know, based off what we've seen Sayquan do, if, are they gonna be able to stop the run? If they, if they can stop the run, are we gonna be able, are they gonna be able to stop Patrick Mahomes Over under is 49 and a half points. So they think it's gonna be a very high scoring game. That's a whole lot of points. Who gonna have the ball last? That could, that could be determining factor? Who Gonna have the ball last? Well, I don't know. The Eagles hope Patrick Mahomes don't have it last. You don't wanna be the one scoring game. What possession game when they vote your heat with the ball? Nah, absolutely not. Absolutely not. I'm excited.


I'm excited. I'm, It's, I mean, we kinda saw, I I, like I said, and I don't want to, you know, beat the fact, but I thought from like week eight, week nine on, I thought the Eagles were the best team in the a CI was concerned about the, about Kansas City. But if you notice something about Kansas City ocho Yeah. They haven't turned the ball. This was their first turnover in nine weeks. Nine Games. Yeah. They Was nine games. Nine. Yeah. Okay. Now, and go back to this. How many times did Mahome get sacked tonight? Twice Offensive line. They've done a better job of protecting it. Yeah. So now he's not getting hit. They're not turning the ball over. Right. So the offensive line did a very good, very, very good.


They neutralized, I mean, that, that one sack, the sack that the guy got 97, I forget his name from Buffalo Ocho. Great move. Did a spin and just basically walked the left guard back and sat him down in Mahomes lap. Basically sat him down in his lap. But this is gonna be a band. This is gonna be a game. Yeah. I mean, I can imagine what these tickets gonna cost. Listen, you got this and there, oh, let me, you know what I Do? We got, we got a, we got a price yet. This Is another, this is another thing. This is what I don't like. Huh? This is what I don't like. You got Eagles fans that travel Well, they been to home games.


They've been to away games. They've been to Brazil. When the Eagles opened up against the Packers, you got chief fans that travel. Well, I'm talking about Real Cheese fans that travel Well, they've been to home games. They've been to away games. Now it's time to go to Super Bowl. The real fans that have been to each and every game. Hard earned money. Huh? In this economy, you know how this economy is. Yes. Then You get to the biggest game of them all the big dance. You pricing some of the real fans out the Super Bowl is pricing. Some of the real fans out, fans out, they can't afford 4, 5, 6, $7,000 a ticket, huh?


Well, the cheapest ticket right now currently is $5,346. That's the cheapest. See What I'm talking about? Now you gotta get a hotel. Hotel is normally Ocho minimum four nights Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday night minimum. Huh? They've turned the Super Bowl into a corporate event. It's, it's for, it's, it's, it's, yeah. I, I understand it's for the elite, but it's taken away. It's taken away from the true Fame that supported these teams. It ain't taking no money out the owners pocket. Yeah, Of course. I mean, listen, at the end of the day, listen at the end The day, I'm sorry Chad, but I'm just, I'm gonna keep it, I'm gonna keep it a stack with you. Yeah. At the end of the day, that's what it's about.


All those sponsors, OCHO Yeah. You know, Anheuser Bush and all these, the Marriott or whoever these sponsors are. Ocho you think I'm about to spend 300, 400, $500 million a year and you not about to get me no thousand tickets. Right. Are you lost your mind? Yeah, I understand. But I, I just think it's unfair though. Yeah. I think it, I think it's unfair. I mean, who else, who's a a Bows. That's, I think Bows is the official headset that you see on the sideline, right? Nike, the official shoe. Right. I think what PepsiCo and all Come on Verizon. Yeah. I listen, I, I I understand.


I I listen, I know you have to take care of, you know, your sponsors. You indul. That's all your tickets, don't you? I know, I know, I know. I'm, I'm just saying it's just, I mean the Super Bowl, but hey, you got people showing up to the Super Bowl. Ain't watch football all goddamn damn up. Yeah. They ain't watch football all year. Ain't been the n game. But you in the suite, you in a million Dollar suite. Don't worry about it. Million just come on down. Anyway, Mahalia Jackson Theater, February the sixth. O Unc and OCHO live Nightcap live tour. First Spring tour. Stop. There you go. Check us out. Cheap. Cheap. And we gonna have fun. And matter of fact, and matter of fact, if you come watch us live at the Mahalia Jackson, you know, February 6th, I might add You want some entertainment We live might be better than the game itself.


I'll tell you. No lie And Devil is cheaper. The link, the chat. I tell you what, whatever you pay, whatever the price admission is, you gonna get that plus something. Plus you gonna get your money's worth. I'll tell you that. And if you don't, I'll refund you. Oh, you get your money's worth. 'cause all guess what? They gonna be celebs having parties. Yeah. And they gonna want 2,500 for you to get in. And you and guess what? And you gonna be so far, you won't be able to do, you gonna get one drink because back, once you get a drink and move away from the bar, you not go about to get back to the drink. It's gonna be so, so, so fast. So come on out, check out Nightcap tour.


It's our first spring tour stop. UNC Ocho live event. Anybody that's been to the one that we had in Atlanta, Houston or Dallas. Dallas, ask them about it. You already know what time it is. Yeah. That's what we do. Oh yeah. I have a question. Yes. Our first stop is New Orleans. Right. We have some unbelievable guests lined up, matter of fact. Yep. We have great guests lined up. And I don't even know who the guests are because y'all don't like to tell me. 'cause I might tweet it out by accident. No. Yeah, exactly. Are We, are we, are we allowed to tell the chat the other cities that we're going to be coming to? Or are we gonna wait? Or can we give them some type of excitement? You want to, you want to tell 'em Mocho the cities that we possibly go, that we coming to?


Yeah. Can I, can I, can I go ahead Ocho, can I? Yeah. Chad, y'all listen. The the cities we going to, y'all listening. Miami go ahead. Gimme North Carolina. Charlotte. Charlotte. We going to Charlotte, Chad, y'all write these down. Now we going on live tour. Miami, Charlotte, North Carolina. Chicago. Chicago. Detroit. Detroit. Come on. Write 'em down. Chad, Philly. We going to Philly. Huh? Chad. We going, we going to Philly, La we going Oh. Oh, We going to LA on Bloods? Yeah.


New York and Baltimore, New York And, and Baltimore. Woo. Yes. Wait a minute. We might have to add one more. We might have to add one more stop. I'll pay for that one. Where we going? Cincinnati. Oh Lord. That Marcel Joe, Cincinnati Ocho. Yeah. You do realize we, we, hey, we gonna be, we starting in April, right? Do you realize we gonna be damn near every weekend and then that pushes us into the summer tour. We won't be able to do the summer tour. Hold on. We we got a tour in the summer tour. Yes. Well, God damn, we touring like the goddamn Beatles. Yeah, Exactly. I like, I like this. I like this. I like, I I like this.


Yeah. Yeah. So, hey, so I got, I gotta get my, I gotta get my, you know what I'm thinking about? I gotta get my outfits together because like, I got, I got my, my Nightcap stuff. That's really important. Yeah. I need to be like, I need a cameraman too. I need a cameraman. So if anybody's in this chat, I need a cameraman. So you know how the NFL players, they get out the car? Yeah. There's, yeah. I need a video, a videographer what they be call it. And I, I gotta get my outfit Videographer. Yeah, yeah. But we get it. Yeah. I'm Ready. School chat. The NFL is expected to expand its replay to assist to account for plays that could include quarterback slide over the off season, according to Adam Shefter.


Additional elements, including the slide may be added, especially after the divisional round playoffs at Patrick Mahome drew a controversial unnecessary roughness penalty on the Texans while sliding in the third quarter of their post-season Clash. Mm. What do you Say, Mike? He did a great job. He got a first down early today. He slid down. He slid, he slid down. Look, anything that's gonna make anything that's gonna make Get it right. Get it right. Yeah. But it should ocho Hey, you go to the, Hey, I go to the monitor. I don't need but one or two looks. Yeah, man. They'd be in that thing like 3, 4, 5 minutes probably. Don't take you that long.


You know, look, one time they, you know, you know, thing A catch. Nah, that was a drop. You Know what something, you know, sometime I think they doing What that, I think someone could talk to the rest in their ear too. Oh, They can. So I think Yeah, they link in to, to what you call them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Am Long New York. Right? I think That's new. And they and they headquarters in, in Jersey. For real. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. They absolutely, I think sometimes I, I think sometimes they talk to the rest in their ear. I think that's why they're at the monitor so long. Because the call really, and the onus and the final call and the say really isn't on the ref by itself. I'm j I'm j I'm just saying what I think. Yeah, Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely.


They could. Yes.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey Guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll, we'll talk about books and, and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See a for details.


Okay, guys, check this out. Got something special for you? Take a listen. Wait, Wait. Tammy, Tammy, Tammy, Tammy. I like starting the new year right by hitting the gym and staying active. But sometimes I struggle to find active where that fits. Right. Not too big, not too tight. True Classic shirts are designed to accentuate the important areas like your arm and chest, while giving your midsection. Some breathing room clothes that have such a tailored fit are usually very expensive. Not True. Classic. They have premium clothes at affordable prices. Build the perfect outfit in five minutes or less. Everything goes great together. Bestselling t-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more come in three, six, and nine packs. The more you bundle, the more you save, mix and match clothing that works with your lifestyle. True Classic activewear features, moisture wicking, oor fighting, quick dried, antimicrobial magic free shipping on all orders. 100% perfect fit guarantee with easy returns. Trusted by over 4 million customers and 200,000 plus five star reviews. Start the new year off right with clothing that actually fit right. Just go to an exclusive link at True Classic dot com slash Nightcap to save. That's True Classic dot com slash Nightcap. Shot now and elevate your wardrobe today.


See Ocho Did you get, you get your, the arm fit? Yeah. Shoulders right. But you know, you got a little, you know, you got a little something down here. You know it give you a little breathing room, you know. 'cause sometimes you had the hardest job in America holding your breath all day. 'cause you don't want to. Yeah. You, you right by that. You right, you right right by that. But we good. Listen, I, I got, I got my, I got my True Classic stuff. I got my True Classic stuff too. Now I You got it. I appreciate that. I I just want to tell the powers that be. I appreciate you and I'm, I'm, I'm wear mine in the morning because you know where I'm gonna be at in the morning. Where you gonna be? I'm gonna finish sculpting this body. Huh? This, this, this, this ain't, this ain't nothing but God's work. That's all it is.


That's all. It's, If Michael had been in charge of the co cowboys coaching search, it's safe to say he would not have selected Brian Schottenheimer. Playmaker took to his YouTube channel to talk about the new hire. And he's definitely not, he did not sound happy about the situation. He called out Jerry Jones for whiffing on a big opportunity with this hire. Here's my issue. We lost an opportunity here. I don't know what will happen with Coach Schottenheimer and the Dallas Cowboys, but Jerry's a shrew, shrew businessman, this opportunity. I'm shocked he did not see it. We have two teams in the NFC East in the NFC championship game that's being played Sunday. All eyes are on them. The Eagles and the commanders, our enemies of all fronts.


And they're in position that we have haven't in 30 f years. The longest drought by any NFC East team. Period. Mike Examiner retired from coaching Dallas is looking at Mike Elu to be their new dc You understand Mike? He was, Wasn't he a linebacker coach at one time? Were the Cowboys. Yeah. What? Ah, yes. I be the check. Can't hear you Ash. What'd you say? No, I be the check. Can't hear you. I be Can we get a microphone over there yet?


You ready? When Zim look like he's going to retire? Yeah. What Mike is saying, it's like, look, hold on, wait a minute. Y'all do realize that there's a rookie in the a FC championship in the NFC championship game. He's only gonna get better. Okay? This is the second time in three years the Eagles have been there and it seemed like Howie Roseman, Jeffrey Louis, the owner allows Howie Roseman look at what he's done. Yeah. He goes and gets Saquon. He goes and get AJ Brown. He gets black Broun, he draft Quentin Quin Mitchell. Me too, bro. Cooper. Deon Blankenship.


Yep. They excited. No. Hey, hey. Jalen Carter. Nolan Smith the third. Jordan Davis, bro, Listen, They doing a number of you. They get, they signed Jordan by a lot. Can I say something real quick? Yes. The NFL right uncle when it comes to playing, when teams are running plays and they see and they watch film, you know, and, and they see something work on the opponent that you're getting ready to play. You know what the team team always does? The copycat put Those plays in? Yeah. You put those plays in that you see work. So I'm thinking, well, it's kind of common sense and it, it would, it'd be common sense. Now you see how Jeffrey leery them are doing things. Or you look at the landscape of the NFL, the team that consistently win how they draft, how they bring in off season acquisitions.


It's okay to copy what they may be doing instead of continuously trying to do things your way. I'm not sure why Jerry's not taking that method. Listen, Because Is right down the street. Look what Jeffrey, Lori and how Roseman haven't done. Look at the team that they have created year in and year out. They're making sure they put the best players around their quarterback so they can be in contention every year. They, they bring back the, this is the second time. This is the second time they going into the Super Bowl. In what? Four, four years. Three Years. Come on man. If anything, the team that's supposed to be making these kind of moves to make sure the status goes with the star symbol would be Jerry would be the Dallas Cowboys.


The Dallas Cowboys are supposed to be doing and making the moves that you see, the Eagles making. It all starts up top. It all starts at the front office and it trickles down. Which is why they're having success year in and year out and all you have to go off of and lean on as your crutch is what you've done 30 years ago. But that neither to hear nor there. Jay wants To credit, maybe I'm wrong. You see, you see Jeffrey Lure. He's perfectly content. Howie, I trust you. Build the best team you possibly can. Whatever it's gonna take. I wanna be able to compete for championships every single year.


Mm. Not talk about him. Not talk About not about it. I, I mean I've only heard, I think I've heard Jeffrey Lurie talk once and he did a feature about his brother. I think he has a brother that has special needs or something. I think that's the only over the last year or so. That's really the only time I've ever heard Jeffrey Lurie talk. He's talking about his brother, how special his brother is to it, right? As a matter of fact, I ain't heard Clark Hunt talk. There are a lot of owners. I ain't heard talk, I ain't heard Josh Harris talk. I heard Josh Harris talk a little bit about, you know, bla you know, good people let people do their job. Hey, boom, boom, boom.


But other than Jerry Jones, Chad, can y'all tell me an owner that you've heard talk this year? Other than Jerry? I'm trying to, I'm trying to think. I don't, some, some owners, I don't think owners don't even make theyself available. Huh? People like why you? But because CJ is not in that big four. I said to big four, Lamar, Jackson, Joe Burrow, Josh Allen, Patrick Mahome. Do y'all believe CJ Stroud is in that group? Yes or no? I mentioned cj he's in that next tier with Justin Herbert with bold Nicks, some of the other guys.


Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Hold On. Don't be Throwing, lemme trying to throw it. I'm trying to sneak bold Nicks in there. You think he's slick? I heard you Bo ru for 29 touchdowns this year, Joe. I'm just saying the second most for rookie, I'm just behind Justin Herberts 31 Aint to combat combat little fella. I'm just playing. I like, and he made the playoffs bold. Nick made the playoffs. I know a then made the playoffs. Who, I ain't gonna bring that up. They ain't got nothing to do with me. I don't even know why I mentioned it. But One, one thing about it, that team that didn't make the playoffs, them and Bo Nixon, the rest of their team, they in the same place right now. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. I'm joking. I'm just telling you. I'm, we got an extra check. We got an extra check. We got an extra check it Wasn man, y'all stop. Y'all know Goodwill. Y'all, y'all know. Good. Well CJ is not in that group with, with the big four.


And I think CJ had a is a great, is is a very good player. But he's not gotta stop it. It's okay. It's okay. Just like there, there are certain levels, there are certain elite receivers and D lineman and so forth and so on. You can beat Look, you can be in a league ocho. Yeah. Everybody in the league is very good. Good to, very good to great. Yeah. Exceptional player. Yeah, but everybody ain't on the same level. No, no, no, No. So lemme ask you a question. Do you believe that the Houston, Texas, if they say, you know what we'll take, if the Houston Texas had an opportunity to trade straight up CJ s Strub for Patrick Holmes, would they keep CJ and would they take Patrick Holmes?


If you had an opportunity to take straight up Lamar Jackson for CJ s Strub, would the Texas do it? Straight up? Josh Allen. Straight up. Joe Burrow. Stop playing Chad. Yeah. Stop it. Yeah. Chad, stop playing. No Goodwill. I'm just asking honestly. Of course, of course. Now I flip that question. The only those guys are UNT Tradeable un untreated. I don't believe either team would trade their guy. Everybody know, first of all, ain't even nobody even calling Kansas City about Mahome.


They're not calling, they're not, they're not calling ball about Ma. Hey, I wonder how, I wonder how fast they were hanging the phone up if somebody did just out the blue just, you know, have you thought about trading for Pat Click? And The first, if Pat the first, if a p come out your mouth, you better say pass apart. If it ain't pass apart. Hey, please. Hey, that's funny. Hey, That's no hell dog. That's funny. But I think, I think Michael's frustration, and I think Dan Bryant says Chime in also.


Oh yeah, yeah, Dan. But I think Michael's frustration though, Joe, he's looking, Jalen hears is what, 26, 27? See Jay Daniels 24. He's like, bro, these guys are young. And look at the, look at the success that the Eagles have had. The Eagles have been in the playoffs every year. J hers has been a starter. This is the second time in three years they've been in the Super Bowl. Ah-huh. Harris's a rookie quarterback that's gone farther than any quarterback in the last 30 years than the Cowboys, which is the, the NFC championship game. Right. And you keep hiring these guys, Jerry, you keep doing it because you want credit and you not doing a great job. You think you are, but you're not.


The proof is in the pudding and look like, like, like Ocho you like you and I, you know, I played for the Broncos and the Raven. You played for Cincinnati. We sincerely, genuinely wanna see those teams win. Absolutely. Bro. I been absolutely, bro. I played in the division with my home man. I'm tired of my home going to the Super Bowl. I want my team to go. Yeah. Yeah. At least one of them. Damn. He bull guard the Super Bowl D Deebo in the Super Bowl. Yeah. Straight Deebo. So Mike is frustrated. Mike heated. Yeah. I mean he should be, he should be a prominent figure.


That's a part of the, part of the, part of that star, part of that part organization and his success during his time voicing his opinion. But Will hearing from Mike and his frustration, no. Would He already, he already hired the band when the change He ain't Finn to fire. Wouldn't it change anything? No, it hasn't changed anything. It hasn't changed anything in 30 years. Guess what's not gonna change him being in the Super Bowl. Yeah. In the next 30, unless somebody else is in charge. Yeah. And do things differently. Get somebody and let them do their job. Jerry doesn't let the coach do their job. He's already told him Jason Wing's gonna be on that staff. What is Jason Win gonna do? You know what's gonna happen?


He's the coach and waiting. Jerry said he's gonna be the coach and waiting. Man. Don't. And if I'm not mistaken, he won Culture the year and Jerry's Arm Foundation donated money to the school. Hey, that's illegal. Yeah. Okay. It's a donation. Oh yeah. Oh, that's crazy, man. Hey, we, it's the, we it's so funny. They find a way into the, they find a way into the headlines. Huh? Who they, The Cowboys. Oh yeah. Well, he did, he did, he did that. But it ain't still no headlines, Brian. Because Brian shot, first of all, he doesn't move the needle.


And second of all, he tried to try to suppress some of that Eagles. Two teams in his division. Right? So he's trying to steal some, he's trying to let, let some of the air outta the balloon. But it didn't work because the Eagles, this just set the time in three years in the Super Bowl. That's crazy. The Eagles hadn't been, hadn't, excuse me, the Washington, the Commanders hadn't been to the NFC championship game since the last time. If I'm not mistaken. They won the Super Bowl. You know what? The Cowboys Won. Not it was, it was 92. You Know what? 91 season. 92 Super Bowl the Cowboys. You know what Jerry, I know you gonna see this Dak. I know Dak watched the show too. So just FY I'm just letting you know, Dak, if you see the CD lamb, I, I got the perfect scenario.


Got the perfect situation that can counter the success in off season acquisitions that the Eagles are getting Now. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna to get this to you right now. Live in front of everybody. If you wanna win the NFC East consistently year in and year out, there's one dude you could bring in that changes the dynamic for everything. Even with what? Even with what they have in sa Juan, this counters that. One thing you could do. Simple. What? Bring me in into play receivable. That's it.


They already got a lot. They already got a lot of guys that can't get open. Who can't get open? You? Boy, it's me. You must have forgot. You better. You better. You Must have forgot. That's only guy. Put them clamps on you last year. You must. Hey, you must have forgot That guy. Put them clamps on you. Hey, I'm still me. Ain't nothing changed. The only thing I lost is opportunity. That's it. The only thing, the only that man locked, the only thing he didn't say, you have the right to remain silent. Hey, you heard what I said? Anything that you say can and will you, you heard? Hey listen, you heard you On Come get it. Hold On. I said I don't want none of that. Hey, hey CD d Y'all wanna make history. Come holler at your boy.


Huh? Come holler at your boy. I know I'm a little on the heavy side right now. I'm six three, about two 40 I can get down quick. Ocho can I ask your Question? Talk to me. They keeps talking about the NFL is rigged. Why haven't they rigged it before the Cowboys? I mean, the Cowboys is the most popular team. Yeah. The most valuable franchise. Right? Why haven't they rigged it for the Cowboys? Hey, could you imagine, could you imagine if the Chiefs were the cowboys or the, or the roles were reversed. Chief, the cowboy, first of all, Ocho, the CH Cowboys had a chance to be the chief and Jerry effort ruined it. What don't people understand about that? Wait, how he had that Oh, In the nineties when he fired Jimmy.


Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He had Troy, Emmett and Michael. Right? A dominant offensive line. Yeah. A dominant defense. He ruined it. He had the Chiefs and the Patriots before the Chiefs And the Patriots. Right? Damn. So the N nfl, so here's this thing. They got this big, they got the Cowboys the most marketable franchise, the most, the most valuable franchise. Yeah. In pro sports. But they have yet to RR it for them. Why? I always thought to myself, huh? When, when, when, when people say that NFL is rigged, I always thought to myself, you got, you got, you got 53 players on the squad, right?


Yes. They go through meetings, they go to practice, they got more meetings. They go through play, they go through scripts. 15 play script before the, you know, you know, at the start of the game. I mean, and then scripted. How, how do you get all the 11 people? How do you get All the 11 people on the same page? That's only fans. That team doesn't win. That's people don't, first of all, that's people that don't know you. You and I both played, we played the game. Yeah. I, I disregard, I, you know, we, we sometimes we have to answer that. And I hate that. We have to answer that on, on, on first take. Right? But that's people that don't understand. Do you know how many moving parts that you have to Have?


Too many? You have to have em go right though at that Have go right on that, on that pi that they call the end zone. You okay with that? They the one that called on Marshall Latimore on, on, on Brown the, on the Crossing route against Devonte Smith? No. He called yo on Devonte. Yeah. Are y'all okay with that? Because I don't, I don't think you, I don't think you should throw a flag in that situation. Ocho You know what I'm saying? That was Pi on. Oh, okay. You see That was Pi. Now you See that all I'm doing is making a point. Right? When a guy Pi is a pi, whether it's the first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter. Right? They wanna look at it at that point in the game is too critical, bro. It's a pass interference.


The guy jumped outside. Ed Oliver jumps outside the guy you're talking about. Oh, what about the holding call? Dumb dumb. If he doesn't jump off sides, he doesn't have to hold him. You do realize once you com, once you commit a foul, right? It supersedes anything that happens after that. I'm like, come on, I get it. You want your team to win. Yeah, I get it. But come on now. Y'all just, y'all just say anything. But you know what? Don't y I'm not surprised. That's why we in the position, people believe anything and all that. Just like that guy that said, the guy went on his TikTok video and said, president Trump said, you know what child support the women.


It goes to the man. He gonna be able to write the tax off. And then he come back and say, and everybody believed it. You made it up. Yeah. He see everybody believed it. Half people talk about, Hey, that's what I like to hear. 'cause if I'm paying, I should be able to write this. See? You see, I just like that. Don't you All you gotta do, you know, most of the time when you read stuff, you can do your research a little bit. You know, safari, you have Google, you have a huge, you have a huge machine behind you that can research facts and you can fact check things before you read them. And the fact that what he said caught wind that fast, and so many people believed it without fact checking, You don't need, you don't need facts anymore. You don't ocho Yeah. They just run with it, huh?


Yeah. Damn. Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill, ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I, I got it serious. I insist I sist at first. First of don't be silly. Oh, don't be silly. You don't, you don't. Silly don't silly


People with the Wells Fargo Act cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper, scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply c app for details.


Amazon one medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I could just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one. Medical healthcare just got less painful.


Oh, your woman posted a very interesting video this week. Let's take a look at it. So there's a sta on Facebook and basically it says, men are not obsessed with women like they used to be. Y'all don't find that kind of weird. And to be honest, no, I don't find that kind of weird. So it seems to me like a lot of y'all are now starting to realize that you're either losing value or have lost value from chasing attention. And now that's something that y'all gotta deal with. And y'all can't face that fact. Ocho I like that. Agree, disagree, slightly agree. I mean, it, it, it, it, it varies. It depends, you know, I think, I think men are a little bit more now focused on just themselves.


You know, focus on work, getting to get to the bag and allowing the woman to be the last choice of importance as opposed to how it was before. You know, chasing the woman, chasing, chasing the applying pressure, doing all that. And most of the time what you have to understand too is, is women put up such a front with the chase and applying pressure as if there's, there's something that's so different about them as opposed to anyone else that you could deal with. But then when you actually get ahold and you get to learn that individual and, and you're allowed access, you come to find out, well, God damn, I've been doing all this chasing for this.


But you ain't no different than nobody else. It's all the same, you know, at at, at the end of the day. I think men's focal point has changed from chasing women. The more focusing on themselves work, family, if, if, if that, that, that comes into play. And it just, it's just, it's just different now. It's just different now. Especially in today's era where we have a lot more women that are, are in, I hate using the word alpha positions, but they are the men now. Does that make sense? Yeah. Women, women think, think it true. Women Are the men, you know, They, they, they, a lot of women.


But see, when you keep saying, I don't need a man, I don't need a man. Yeah. Then you convince yourself and then you wanna be masculine because you think you can talk to, at the end of the day, that's still a man. And I'm not saying, look, I'm old and know how my grandmother and how I saw everybody raised. Right? See, these women today, they talk about, oh, I wanna be treated like my mom and my great-grandma gotta treat. But y'all don't behave like that. Y'all ain't cooking. Y'all ain't cooking no meal every day. My, when my grand, when my grandfather got home at lunch, meal on the table, he got home at dinner, meal on the table. He ate first.


It wasn't no arguing back and forth Right. When my grandfather said they could, they they can, they did. When he said they couldn't, they couldn't. Yeah, but y'all, oh, I'm gonna do me. Okay. Well do you I don't have to be a part of it. Yeah. And so I, I think the thing is that they've convinced themselves they don't need a man until they need a man. And then you 24 now you 45 now you 50. Now your options are limited, right? Yeah. I don't, you know, I don't think, I don't think when, I don't think women understand that the options are limited. Especially today. Especially what they want. When you look at their expectations and what they, what they expect and what they're looking for, it, it, it is very hard.


It's very, it's very hard to get No ocho It's not hard. But here's the thing. What you want, gotta want you. Ooh, that's a good one. See, that's the problem. Okay? You want a guy, oh, he need to be over six foot tall. Oh, he needs to make six figures, right? Oh, he need to do this. Well, every time, every time you throw out something that he needs to be right, he a percentage, 15, 20%. Who, who, who? So now you down to 5%, that 5% of the man that you want, that's older, six foot tall, that has a nice body that makes six figure, that's well to do. Does he want you, Man?


And, and most of the type of men that they want, you know, it's part of the 1%, huh? Absolutely. So it puts the dudes that are in the 1%. They just to get to pick who they want. It's, it's hard. It's hard for something to add value to increasing value. Yeah. That gets, that constantly gets used. And, you know, this Is what I said Ocho. Yeah. Say it again. Say it again. Name something that increasing value that's constantly get used. You told me about my Ferrari. You said buy that Ferrari up, but put it up a bottle of wine. Philippe Rothschild. Protuse Kama.


Right? 1942. They ain't drinking it. I'm just Saying, wait a minute. I don't even think the chat heard you Do me a favor, say, man, let me get my motherfucking pen and paper because that man, hold on. You gonna have to bring that to me again. Hold on. I'm not gonna use that. Hold on. I'm gonna have to use that. I use that, that at, at Sunday Service Boy. Well, you just dropping the gym right there. And I don't even think the chat was paying attention.


Yeah, because, because everything, you know, ocho I want somebody six, at least six foot tall. I want somebody at least 200 pounds. I want somebody that make at least six figures. I want somebody that, that, that, that go to church. I want somebody that like to travel. So you've named six things that you like, right? Okay. You find that guy, but he's only probably in the 1%. Mm. So that 1% of the man men that you're looking for, is he looking for the 15 to 20% of the women that's looking for him? So now, if he's not, so now you, oh, I'm valuable. Oh, I'm this, I'm bad, huh?


Right, right, right. I the way I Tom Brady wants, They, they know, they know they worth, they know they worth, Worth is what someone is willing to pay for something. Nigga Tom Brady can list his house for 150 million. Come on now. But after, I guarantee you, after six months over a year, that house ain't sold. I guarantee he dropped the price. Okay. So now if somebody comes in and says, Tom, he won 150 million, I give you a hundred million cash. Okay? I take it, that's what the house was worth. See, you don't get to determine your worth if somebody's not paying for it.


Woo. Boy. That's what women gotta understand. You keep saying your, are you buying yourself? Are you purchasing yourself? So where's the value? Value is only something, is only valuable if somebody will purchase it. Mm. I want $600,000 for this tube of lip therapy. It's worth $7. Mm. They gotta stop this. Not talking about I know my worth. I know my worth. Your worth is what? Someone is willing to pay for it. Mm. That's what worth is. Look up the dictionary.


Look up worth in a diction. As a matter of fact, I'm gonna Google it. Google my damn self. Hey, Wait, you pre you preaching today. You, you what? What? You, you know, I, I, I, you know, you, you know what also when I when I think about is, is in general, women, they put themselves in unwinnable positions at times. Unc, you know, they, they play hard to get, they're very difficult. They create this perception that all the work the man is going to put in, in the end, you know, it, it's, yeah.


They're just, they're just getting this. Oh my goodness. This is so much different than everybody else. When, when in hindsight, once you are gained access to it, it's no different than anybody else. That's why they play the difficult game in the beginning. That's why they make you jump through hoops and make you jump through obstacles. Because there's really nothing at the end of that light or at the end of that tunnel. You know? And I don't, what I work, it's not a bad thing. We're all human. Oh, Joe, what do, what do you do that's so special than the next person? Cook. Can you cook? Hey, can you cook some oxtails? I need to know, can you cook Oxtails?


What about saying, can you cook breakfast, grits, eggs, sausage, bacon, french toast pancakes? Mm. What you, okay, what about eggs? Benedict? Make holiday sauce. Okay. Okay. You can't do that. Okay? What, what, what can you do? What's the, this value that you speak of? What is it? 'cause I just want you to know a little something. Everything that you do, I can pay somebody to do it. Mm. Cook, clean. Get my dry cleaning. Right. Hey, I don't pay 'em to sleep with me. I pay 'em to leave. So I'm just trying to say, so where's the value? What can you do for me that I can't have somebody do everything that you do? So if I'm with you, I really want to be with you.


So if you choose to, to, to, so hold on. You pay him, you sleep with you pay him to leave. You not paying him. I don't Pay. I, I ain't paying for the sex. I'm paying you to get out. Hold on, hold on. Lemme write that down. Lemme write that down so I can, I can use that in my next argument. So I just, I just wanna know if I'm with you, I ain't playing no games with you. Right? Do you understand that? I'm not Mm. I jump on a plane to come see you. You best believe you mean something. Hold On. Huh? You jumped. You flew to somebody before, Man. So all this, all this, all this stuff.


Oh, this and that, Don. I don't, I don't, I, Hey, I'm just telling, I, I keep with y'all. Mm. So all this going back and forth, yo, I don't care nothing about that because all I know you keep saying, you, you, you worth this, you worth that. That property ain't been, that, that property ain't been purchased in a long time then, huh? Yes. Well, you just have to wait for, You have to look, look like you gonna have to drop the price on it. But they have to wait for a buyer to come along. Huh? That, you know, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's life. That's the way it works. I understand. And you know what? Something about our beautiful women, huh? Something about our beautiful women in this world. We can't live without 'em.


We can't live without 'em. There's always somebody for everybody. And just at what point is your person gonna come along? That's Willing, that's It. That's willing to buy. That's willing to buy or pay whatever you feel that worth may be. And my thing is Ocho, I don't even feel like I'm the prize. I don't tell no women. I'm the prize. Nah, No, But you better. I I I don't know who, who, I don't know who told you they told you wrong. If you think you are the prize That they, that's, that's a great topic too. Unc, that's a great topic. Women, I mean, women feeling like they are the prize and understanding what they bring to the table. I think some 'em might be what, despite us being the providers.


What I think what, with some women, some might, might be the prize. You don't think so? No. We both, the prize. I wanna be with you. Hopefully you wanna be with me. I think you're special. I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be with you if I didn't think you were special. Yeah. I'm not gonna waste your time. More importantly than that, I'm not wasting mine. Because you can't get that back. Huh? You can't get that Time back. I can't buy it back. Yes. Ooh. I like, so that's, that's, i, I I just think the thing is sometimes like, man, let, let's just be real here. I'm gonna treat you. I'm gonna treat you with the ultimate respect. If you got a kid, I'll treat that kid as if it was mine. I'll never be disrespectful to you. I'll never call you outta your name. I'll never do anything.


Right. But this man, these women, I mean, they, they, they, they Quick Man. They quick. Or I'm surprised. I know my worth. Well, because, you know, unc they be, they be looking good unc, you know, and you know, you know worth man. Do you know how many women look good? I know it's so many. And you know what? I don't like Unc Can can you address it? 'cause I don't know how to put into words. Why do women always feel, because they look good? 'cause we base everything off of looks because obviously men. Yep. Because men are very visual. Visual. We're we're, we're visual Creatures. We're very visual creatures. Yes. Why? Of the first thing, if you do mess up, the first thing people say is, oh, he fumble me. Huh? Nah, actually, no, no, no, no.


Fumble is a situation where I'm running and somebody knocks it out my hand. Right. I pun you. I punted. It wasn't a phone. Yeah. Right, right, right. Yeah. Yeah. Every, every everything. I realized, like O Joe, I realized I couldn't get any more yards. Right. Let somebody, hey, let the next guy catch it. Hopefully he fair caught it. But he might've, he might've let it go over his head and into the end zone. I, I don't know, man. It is just, listen, we can't live without them. They can't live without us. It's all about finding your person. It's all about finding your person. Yes. And if you have, if you, if you sisters, if you sisters, if you watching ladies, if you have a standard, whatever that standard may be, whatever that value or worth you may think you have, you stick to it.


You stick to it until your, until your guy comes along. I don't care how long it takes, you know, I'm gonna make sure you going, you gonna win. Matter of fact, ladies, if you in the chat, you don't have a man right now, the holidays is coming up. Valentine's is coming up. Send me a message on Twitter. I guarantee you I have you a man and some gifts and dinner before Valentine's Day. I'm playing matchmaker. I, because I know your value. I know you worth, I'm gonna make sure you, I'm gonna make sure you get your man. I hope. Hey, I hope everybody, and like you said, there's somebody for everybody. I hope they find that person. Yeah. But I'm just, I'm just tired of hearing every time I be, oh, I know my value.


I'm this and that. Look here, I guarantee you Go stroll. Go stroll on ig. They got on YSL, they got on Tom Ford. Right. They got a Gucci bag, they got a Louis bag, they got a Chanel bag, they got a Birkin bag, they got a gwa, or they got a Range Rover, or they got this. So I'm tell about what's the differentiating factor? Mm. Whether you got fillers, whether you got a BL, whether you got Boo. I I don't, and I'm not judging. I don't care. Right. Right. That's your body. Right? That's your money. I just ain't paying for it. I'm just saying. And you want lip feeling. You want Botox, you want BBL. You want Lipo, get it. Right. That's your body. I don't tell nobody what I, I've never told a woman what to do with her body.


I just want you to know I'm not paying for it. Right. Because I'm not fating a frog for another snake to eat. Ooh, I remember that one. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm just saying take off if y'all want, whatever you want, whatever that you think is gonna enhance. Right. I go to the gym because I wanna feel, I want to, it makes me feel good. Me too. But if y'all want to go, Hey, if y'all wanna do whatever y'all wanna do, I'm all for you ladies. I'm never going to, Ugh. I can't believe you do. That is your body. That is, that is, that is your temple. You do whatever as you see fit. Right. That's just not me on, yo. Now it's time for our last signal of the evening. It's time for q and a. Damn. We leaving already?


Man. It's almost two hours. Man. It. Hey boy, that thing was getting good. Boy. Boy, you were, you, you were preaching tonight, right? Ooh, that was, that was good one. I done got me some Good notes. Big Mike said, congrats Kansas City Refs. I mean, chiefs. Come on Big Mike. Hey Big Mike. You still on the refs, huh? Yeah. That's funny. Head Hunter said no, he's absolutely being helped by the refs call. No, I'm not saying he's not great, but no other team gets these calls. You, you're flat wrong with these calls. Not swaying games. He's getting generational calls. It's obvious. But that's not, that's not what the penalty situation says. Right.


He gets fewer calls for the amount of drop backs than any other quarterback in the league. Yeah. We, we, we talked about the Same night. They have more calls going against them in situations than any, than most teams. So y'all said the same thing about Brady. Y'all said the same thing about the Patriots. Y'all said the same thing about Kansas, Joe. It, we just didn't hear it. But in the barbershop when you were talking that man Kansas, I mean the chief, I mean the 49 ERs, how they win all this. You all, when someone is winning, there has to be a trick to why he's winning. Yep. Or why they're winning.


I mean, the guy did hold. It just happened to be at the most inopportune time. Every time. It is just like a turnover. Mahomes turned it over in the first. Now let's just say for the sake of argument, they're down or the score is tied. And he had that same turnover with four minutes left. You see turnover's way differently at different times of the game. Game Penalty's weigh differently. But if there's a chance of I'm beat, I'm gonna hold Ocho. Yeah. That's what we're taught. Yeah. Martin Muhammad. Hey. And are you talking about Pat's greatness? Don't forget your phrase.


17 of the 20 playoffs starts. Can I interest you in that? Also? Your dog is big and beautiful. What kind of dog is he? It's a bbo, which is a South African mastiff. It's from the Mastiff breed, but it's a South African Mastiff called, it's called a bbo. Yes. 17, 17 and 20 Playoff starts 17 and three. That's crazy. Five Super Bowls in seven years. People don't understand how crazy that is. Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your Bill, ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I got No, I got it. Seriously.


I insist I first the first Don't be Silly. Don't be silly. You'll silly. Don't be


People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper, scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Amazon won medical presents. Painful Thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. A kid just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon won. Medical healthcare just got less painful.


Gerald Anthony Rojas, chiefs of the best team each year. I wouldn't be surprised if they were victorious against the Eagles. There are without a doubt, the most well prepared, the most well prepped, well prepared team for sure. And they've been in these moments Ocho Yeah. So they're not gonna beat themselves. No. What? No, they're not gonna beat themselves. Mahomes isn't gonna beat himself or a play team in harm way. And that's what we've been very, very good at, is protecting the ball in the right moments. And when he gets the opportunity, he always makes the play. Always makes the play. That's Great. One's always crazy. That's how you become great.


If, if Brady didn't come through in those moments, Ocho right. Would Brady be, would Brady be the goat? Absolutely. Would he be what he became? No. It's because he came through in those moments. Yeah. More times than not. Yeah. That's how, that's how you get the Jordans, the birds, the magics, the LeBrons. Yeah. The Steph Currys. This is how the Kobe beats. That's how you get, that's how you become these, these, these mythical figures by being, when when it matters the most, you show up and you, you, you, you complete the mission. Oh yeah. Khari Vaughn said Gancho. What do you think about the game for real? No question. Because do you think the Chiefs still cheat?


Andy Reid. I'm a package fan, but I love Andy. I mean, we Just, how do, how do, I'm just help me understand the Chiefs. How, how, how do they do it? Once upon a time? Ocho Yeah. When the money is not what, what incentive it is for a player. Now we saw Tim Donahue. He got caught. I think Michael Porter Jr. Brother. He got caught doing some funny business. Could, could the refs. Theoretically. Sure they could. Yeah, absolutely. But they could do that in every sport.


But see, I noticed when y'all like some, when y'all don't like somebody, y'all question it. Ain't nobody ever said Jordan got favorable calls. You ever heard that Ocho? No. You ever heard that with Kobe Uhuh? Never. Nah. Mahomes that good. And in Lopez at unc and ocho casey net here, this party is second to none. I hope the game ended. Refs and our favor. Ps with the being said, she's by 10 in the bowl. Ocho, I'll smoke your and FIFA man. All hell. The the Chiefs ain't one. I'm what? There only wasn't one Super Bowl by 10. That was the first one. 31 21.


And they were down 21 to 10. Right? They were down 2110 to San Francisco in that first Super Bowl win. And then they rolled off 21 straight. I don't know. It's hard to see me see somebody beating, beating Philly by by 10. They're playing way too well. T Walker. You asked what Josh needs to do. How? Tonya Hardy. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. If Mahomes threepeat, he's the goal. There's no conversation. MJ is considered the goal with six rings while Bill Russell won 11 seven straight. Brady won. Seven just means more accomplished all time.


Like br in the NBA. What you think Ocho He's three piece. He's the he's the goal. That's what that's what I said. That's what I said to you earlier. You know, I say maybe we need to have a conversation. You said no, we can't have a, have a conversation yet. If he happens to do it for a full time in a row, then yes we do. I think the thing is Ocho, look, if I like somebody, I'm go make an argument why he's the goat. Right? Because I want him to do, see if I do something, if I, if, if he does something we didn't say well join the girl cause he three Well Bill Russell was seven, eight straight. Woo. Is that more than a three P? Right? But if we ocho if I like you, I'll make a compelling argument, right?


It's just like politics. If I like you, I'm gonna vote for you. Right. Damn. What you may or may not have done, that's how it works in sports. It always has, always will. Yeah. Is Z Rivas gon ocho love what y'all do. But Unc didn't Brady beat Mahomes twice in the a FC championship game in Arrowhead? He beat. Yes. So lemme ask you a question. So is Nick foes Nick fo? So Eli beat Brady twice in the Super Bowl. The biggest game. So what'd that make Eli? I'm just curious. I mean, y'all would've used the argument, right? So what does that make Eli? If he took Brady down twice, Peyton beat Brady three times in the a FC championship game.


Yep. What does that make Manning Nick Foles beat him. Joe Flaco beat. I You see how y'all make the argument? You see how your argument falls apart If that's the criteria y'all using Eli beat Tom Brady twice in the Super Bowl with a undefeated team Talking about what is Eli done beat Brady twice in the Super Bowl.


Gentleman player, Joe Burrow, Lamar Jackson, Josh Allen have one victory combined versus Pat Mahomes in the playoffs. What does that say about those three quarterbacks? What does that say about Pat Mahomes? You know, it says, you asked your Question, you ask a question and answer it at the same time. You know what it says? He's great. Ain't no denying that ain't a whole lot of pe and look, seven years, he's 20. He's 17 and three. He's played unbelievable. Just because he's great. That doesn't mean that they're not not. Yeah, because they are, they're they're, they're good.


And that's what I always say, Ocho really good Eli beating Tom Brady doesn't take away from from Brady. It it accentuates him. Give him credit. Give Mick foes credit. Give Joe Flacco credit. It's okay. Two things can be true. They can be great. And Pat Ma and not beat Patrick Mahomes. I mean what slime God say Burr has missed the playoffs and or not finished the season in three or five years. He's played. He can't be in Mahomes, Allen Lamar conversation.


You tell what Joe Bur went to a Super Bowl other than Mahomes. Which one of Lamar or Alan have been to the Super Bowl? Joe Burrow has played in two a FC championship games. Mahome a Alan is not. Has Alan played in two a FC championship games or one He's played two. He lost. He lost, he lost. So this is his second. No, that was, was that this that was no, that, that year they lost Mahomes lost to Cincinnati. They beat, they beat the Titans one year. They beat Buffalo.


One year they beat Cincinnati and they beat Baltimore. So they beat Buffalo twice Cincinnati once Baltimore. Right. So they Buffalo, they lost Buffalo. They beaten Buffalo twice. They beat Cincinnati once They beat Tennessee and they beat Baltimore. Right. Baltimore Twice. Buffalo, Cincinnati, Tennessee. Five, five championship game.


Jaan Justice. Chad, what are the Giants thinking right now? Don't Look, I ain't got no problem Ocho. You wanted to move on, but I don't like is what that GM did. Yeah. And he put it on hard knocks. Do you know how pompous and arrogant bro? Yeah. And then you go tell about oh, you know, knowing they know they offered him something that he knew he wasn't gonna take. Yeah. On purpose. They knew that purpose. And then they, you know, we feel we owe you that. You owe me And then you have the nerd to talk about. Oh, you know, circle back. You know, give us a chance, man.


Please, bro. The one thing I can say about Saquon Saquon is very, very professional. He handles everything with Grace. 'cause I I and you could, I I I kind of hear like, bro, he said, I've made it clear where, where I wanted to be, but that's not where y'all want me. Because the thing is, is that when my brother told me, when I left Denver, he said, Shannon, when they want you, you never become a free agent Ever. Laura and Christy, buff Meyer, we love you guys. We are so curious to see Ash in the background on baby, get her micd up and watch Ocho say 37 11 podcast. But Nightcap is the best.


Ash. Ash likes being a producer. She likes being behind the scenes. What's good Nightcap question for UNC and Ocho. Do y'all have a favorite player? Was like underrated in the past or present? Players like Herman Moore Jr. Say I, Vincent Jackson to me were good players, but overlooked. What do y'all think? Not Junior. I was in, I was in the era with, with Junior and rest his soul. He was phenomenal. You never knew where he was gonna be. It was hard. He was one of the hardest guys because he's supposed to be in pass coverage and he's in the back field in the Back field. Bro, what are you doing? Oh, he doing Stuff That is so unsound. I used to hear the stories.


Shannon, Shannon Prouder used to tell me the stories about when he was with the Dolphins. It it, it was, it was so funny, man. No rhyme or reason. And we know And the defense, what the defense calls for. Yeah. He doing his own thing. Oh, Own thing. I played against Herm Herman was Herman. Herman had some great years. Oh yeah. He just happened to play in the era with my brother Chris Carter. Jerry, he was in that, he was in the NFC. Yeah. And you had Andre Ryzen. Yeah, it was, wait, it was Herman Moore, Johnny Morton. Remember Johnny Morton? Yeah. Johnny Mor. Brett Perryman. Brett Perryman.


Yep. With Barry in the backfield dog Boy said unc. As far as the FL owners talking, you know, like David Teper wants to be Jerry Jones's. Look at the track record of teams and his wife control as head of Teer Sports Inc. Seven NFL coaches and six MLS coaches in seven years. Yeah. I mean, they really trying to run it like a business where you change the CEO and you might get some instant success, but when you change coaches like that, you don't, 'cause when you change coaches, you change systems. Yeah. I just thought about something. What? That he said six different head coaches is Charlotte fc. David Teper owns Charlotte fc. Yep.


All as I know. They just, they just, they just signed a very good friend of mine. Wiler Wiler Zaha, very good player. Played, played in the Premier League for a very long time from Crystal Palace. Played in Gala Tasi. Now he's down here in the States. You know, a a good move for, for MLSI, I'm like that. Wait a minute. I didn't know David Teper owned Charlotte fc. Who you think owned it. I I I had no idea. He, how How many people? How many people is haw, you think got 10 billion enough to put 125 million into a, a soccer team. Damn. That's dope. That's Dope. Fred Parro said, Cowboys need to get Miles Garrett, but they're too cheap and stupid.


How they gonna, how they gonna pay? That's impossible. And because he wants a new contract. Yeah. And they got, and they gotta pay Micah J 2 1 3 Say, hell Ocho What's your favorite cartoon? Back in the day? Tommy and Jerry always had me rolling. Much love. Both, always. Will you ever do Nightcap tour in Boston? What's your favorite cartoon growing up on Joe? Oh man, I probably had to say probably Frager Rock and that. That's not, not even a, a cartoon. Well, it is. It's sort of a cartoon. I don't know if you remember Frager Rock. I don't even know if anybody in the chat is young enough to remember Frager Rock.


You mean old enough? I mean, I'm sorry, old enough to remember Frager Rock Man. Frager Rock was my, that was my thing. And it's really not even the cartoon, but probably Fraggle Rock and the Jetsons. I like the Jetsons too. Hell, they might not even remember The Jetsons. Probably not. That was a seventies cartoon man. I used to want, I used to want the coyote to beat the hell outta Bugs Bunny though, man. I wanted, I said Man, and you just catching one time and you beat his ass One time.


Lay on the road saying What's up, what's up Di Cap Icho? Do you guys remember your very first pet? What would you guys remember? So what would you guys recommend someone to get? Love the show. Yeah, I mean, My first pet, I remember my first pet Clear as It wasn't mine. It was, we, I mean we didn't get pants as individuals. You got, you know, and a family pet. Right. My First, but you know, we had hogs, I had, we had a hogs named Sonny had one named Bruce had one named Marvin had one named Bill. Damn. Yeah. He was a pet. She You think you can pet and let him walk it Rod?


That was a pet. A Pet. Yeah. Oh, Kelly. We had a do rock. A do rock male named Kelly do rock. He the red. Right. Kelly ain't play. Kelly ain't play Kelly cut butt. We had to put Kelly up. Kelly fighting all the males. For real. Oh hell yeah. You can't have a a a couple of males. We had a half shot. Sonny was the biggest one we had. Sonny probably weighed about 600 pounds. But we had two Yorkshire bill and had one named Bill, one named Marvin.


They were all white. Average size, probably about 2 50, 300. Right. But Kelly, that do rock. I remember my uncle, them catcher had to catch him. And my grandfather clipped his, 'cause his tuss had started to grow and took bolt cutters and cut his tuss. Dang. Shoot. Listen. So yeah, hogs, we, but we had dogs. We had Joe, boy, we had, you know, my grandfather used to have hunting dogs before. And then my uncles and them had all had hunting dogs.


But probably my first dog that I had that I could say that's mine. Yeah. I had two Rod Wallens named Kane and Killian. I, I remember my first dog. My first dog. Obviously it was, it was my grandmother's choice. It wasn't my choice. We had a bija frizz named Studly. Bija Bija Fri name, name Studly. I, I'll never forget, I'll never forget that. That was, that was our first dog. And you know, he passed away. You know that, that was enough of me. Oh, that tell on you, Bro. Hey, boy, that, that was, that was enough of me. And I, I had the nerve to, to try again.


And I, I, I gave, I gave, I gave, I had two knee apol you gave away. Yeah, I had two knee Apol. The MAs. Yeah. I said, you know what y'all are be, y'all are be in better in in better hands with, with someone else. And I gave 'em to someone responsible. I gave I think ej, I think IE Rin James. I if I, if I'm not mistaken, and I knew here they would be in good hands with ej. I just couldn't do it. I, I couldn't, I couldn't bear the deal with that kind of thing. The Pain. Boy, No man. No man. No Tiger. Five stripes. What's up Ocho? My birthday is tomorrow. I'll be 27th on the 27th.


Can I get a birthday? Shout out Ocho. Any advice for a single man my age with no kids who recently moved to Texas? PS se MVP. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. You a single man talking about you just moved to Texas and you ain't got no kids. I give you to the, I give you to the end of the year. Well, you a single man talking about you just move to Texas. Boy, have you seen the material in Texas? Boy, whatcha Talking about question? If you gonna be one or two or two for two girl and kid or just one or the other. Yeah, Two for two, man, please. But for one, Hey, happy birthday young boy. Happy birthday. Yeah, happy Birthday, Bro. But listen, I don't even know what part of Texas, what part of Texas you in, but it don't matter because they all over the place.


You hear me? They, they all over the place. I've been to Texas maybe 3, 1, 2, 3, maybe four times in the entirety of my life and the last time I've been there. I don't got to be there no more to understand, to have a great understanding. That's not where I belong. It's not where I belong. And I know if you move to Texas, you ain't got no kids. You just got there. That mean you fresh meat for them, which also means you a fresh face. YI give you by December she gonna be pregnant boy. And she gonna have a short haircut Too. They, they, they they down there. Oh, they down there bro. Yeah. Lil N 24. Hey Uncle Ocho, just wanna say I love you guys. Can you give me shout? Give me and my wife a shout out.


We just had a baby 11 days ago. I appreciate y'all. Great night. Absolutely. Congratulations little ninja. 24 to you and your wife and the baby. Hopefully mom and and baby are, are happy and safe and healthy. Yeah, that's a big accomplishment. A this your child to child might not only know nothing but Super Bowls and Winnie. I mean, just think aren't you? Just think if you a 5-year-old, you don't know nothing but Winnie, that's it. Like if you was born in, if you born in 2000 from your whole career, you born in Ba, Boston, Massachusetts, you a Patriots fan, all you know is winning To get Super Bowl. We was winning. That it, yeah.


That's crazy. But congratulations bro. Appreciate that man. Thanks for support being 10. Hey uncle, note your love to show. My birthday is Tuesday. Can I get a shout out being 10? Happy early birthday, man. Hope you got something fun planned. Don't get in any trouble. Yeah. But bro, we thank you for watching us. Thank you for tuning in. Thank you for your support and your continued support. So thank you for that.


That concludes, wow. That concludes this episode brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your new nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join the Nationwide 5G network today.


Thank you guys for joining us. I think we got up to 84,000. We got up to 85,000. Now I'm counting on you guys for the Super Bowl to get us over a hundred. Yeah, that's, that's, that's our goal. We gonna to get that, we gotta get over a hundred K, we gotta get a hundred. We gonna get that. We take more than a hundred, but we gotta get that number. That's our number. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you for your support in 2324. Hopefully you'll give us your continued support 25 and beyond, because we couldn't do this without you. Yep. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock. Kansas City, Philly. You're going to the Super Bowl.


What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shaa by La Portier? If you can't find it in a city or state near you order, we'll ship it directly to you. And if you order it now, we'll make sure you have it just in time. To celebrate the big victory, please drink responsible. Make sure you follow my immediate company page on all of it platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. Everything just restocked over the next 48 hours, 25% off use, use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We drop new beanies in every color. We've also introduced gift cards available from 25 to 500. Take the guess work out of it and let someone special pick exactly what they want.


Chiefs fan Eagles fans or any fans tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. The VIP meet and greet. Unfortunately, tickets are sold out, but there's still plenty of tickets left to attend the big show. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there. We got guests coming in and you don't wanna miss it, I promise you. And it's cheaper than going to the game. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Award. Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcast Arts, sports and Entertainment Club. Shesha was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for your favorite uncle and nephew OCHO link pin to our social bios.


Chiefs headed back to their fifth Super Bowl in seven years. Third, become the first team to go to three. No first team. Since the Buffalo Bills to go to three straight Super Bowls, they went to four straight. Unfortunately, they didn't win any Mahomes. 32 bills. Unfortunately. 29 Mahomes is now 4.0 against Josh Allen in the playoffs with four victories. With two of those victories coming in the A FC championship game. Patrick Mahomes now has 17 postseason wins. They will be taking on the Philadelphia Eagles who crushed the Washington Commanders. They forced four turnovers. Jalen Hurst through for 2 28 and they ran the ball for 2 29 as they rolled over the commanders 55 to 23.


And as a rematch two years ago, the Eagles lost the heartbreaker to the chief. The Chiefs tried to go three. Try to Threepeat first team in NFL history system merger. The Super Bowl was enacted. Yeah, to win three consecutive Super Bowls. It's gonna be a great game. Again, thank you for joining us. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night, The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host a good morning football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy, one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and See the app for details.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus to tobacco consumers,


Bobby Bones. Here. Join me on the new top shelf country cruise. It sells February, 2026 aboard the Luxury Celebrity Reflection. Stopping at St. Kitts and Nevus and also St. Martin. There'll be live music with top tier country artists and I'll be performing as well. Go to top shelf country cruise.com before January 30th and register for the Free Friends of Bobby Presale. No deposits required and you get early access to the best state rooms


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.