
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America, and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA A all 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Mike Evans extends his 1000 yard streak, matches Jerry Rice all times. Instead of taking a knee to run out the clock, the Buccaneers won one last play to get Mike Evans $3 million bonus. It was Mike Evans 11th straight 1000 yard season Live. That's live now. Now you, you, you see the difference. You see the, you see the Difference. I wonder that GM knew that. You think that GM knew that Mike ever beat Doggone right. They knew it because they talked about it on TV before it even happened. You know, Mike being able to reach his incentive. The $3 million incentive. Yes. The GM knew he understood and gonna make sure Mike got it. No, that's, that's the Difference.


I love it. I love it. That's the difference. I love it. I love, I love when teams reward their players. Mike Evans has been nothing but a model citizen for Tampa. He had an opportunity possibly lead for greener pastors and free agencies. He took less money because his family was there. He's been great in the community and he is like, you know what I want? I want to be a one helmet guy. Oh yeah. And they rewarded him for that loyalty. They've been loyal to him. He's been loyal to them. He's been nothing but a great player and a great ambassador for that organization. And this is how it should be. When someone have rewarded you with their play and their loyalty, I believe a team should pay that back. Not all teams do this A lot of times loyalty only goes one way.


It normally goes player to team and the team never reciprocates that loyalty to the player like it's been reciproc because even to Brady, every y'all talk about Tom Brady did all that. At the end of the day, what did the Patriots do? Hey, it's a dirty game. The game is the game business business. Mike Evans, congratulations. One of the great receivers in NFL history. 11 straight seasons of of 1000 receiving yards. We thought that record was in jeopardy. Don, you remember he pulled his hamstring, he missed three games.


Yeah. Hey, three games. But Baker said, bro, come on back. I got you. So Mike, congratulations. Very well deserved. 11 straight seasons of 1000 yards. Only Jerry Rice has more. 14. That's loud. And you know, at least now ocho, they play with Knee Pass. Right. You know, we used to get that hard ass dirt. We have Knee. Knee, they don't on nothing. Knee pads, no Thigh Pad. They got, hey, they got knee pads, thigh pass. Hell, I mean some probably running backs where Hip Pass. But we was out there just basically we had on tight, to make a long story short, we had on tights because we had to taken all the, all the inner working the Line. And I didn't cut all that out. Put all that out.


Y'all know who started that? We started that. Y'all think the, y'all think the Broncos. We cut our pants and then you had the shoe string for the belt to tie it up. But the first person, actually I, I wanna give Ricky Jack, Ricky Jackson was the first person I ever saw that had no pads in his pants. Right. And I was like, man, when they let you do That, I went out there like, hey, you feel so light Ocho because you know, Hey. And I remember, I remember when I came to practice and Mike asked like, 84, you gonna play in the game like that? I was like, yeah. He's like, okay, that's On you.


Hey, if long, however, he said, come to practice however you going to play in the game right now. Dan Reed wasn't playing that. Dan Reeve said, look, if you get, if you don't have no pads in and you get a five bruise, I'm gonna find you. Lemme go and put this thing here. Lemme go put these thighs. Oh, go put these thigh pads in there. Lemme go put 'em in there. I, I don't even want, I don't even want, I even want know. Have to worry about that Is so funny. Well we used to practice right with with Belichick in New England. You could play in the game happy you want to. But Bill in practice, he had everybody looking like the goddamn mannequin in the damn, you know the mannequin in the equipment room?


Yeah. Got, he got an elbow pad. He got on, he got on the hand on your no hand pad. You damn we little kid. No Bill make everybody you got have, have your knee pads in your thigh pads in. Oh my God. Oh, that would've drove me crazy, Man. He ain't, he ain't play that. If you ain't, I remember I went out there one time, I'm thinking, you know, I'm a veteran, he not gonna trip here I go, I'm out there. Took the lining out my pants, no knee pads, no thigh pads. Man Bill sent me in there, send me right back in. I had to change my pants to get some new pants and put my thigh pads and my knee pads in. Mm Boy Bill. Hey that was, Hey Mike's like, hey, if you don't play, if you don't play with no knee pads, no thigh pads, you can't practice without 'em.


Well hey, I ain't have nothing. Hell and, and shoulder pads. That's all I had. I ain't have no thigh pads. I didn't play with no mouthpiece. Right. They like, man you got, I said bro, I don't have time. I done, I done slap hands with somebody. I done hit somebody on their ass because they made a good play and you think I'm gonna reach in my mouth and pull my mouthpiece out. And plus I want to be able to talk ish on Command. F you you Sorry about both. I ain't with no mouthpiece. Just a, a mouthful of gold. That's it. Yeah. I had them three sticks. Big red in my mouth. I was good bread fresh talking cash ish. Oh there was some good days, boy. Oh, told the question is, has Lamar Jackson won enough to secure the MVP DraftKings sports book?


Still have Josh Allen as a minus two 30 underdog, but so he's the favorite minus two 30. So that means he's the favorite. Do you see What I mean As Lamar is a plus 180 5? Is this, Is this, is this after the game or before the game After? See what I mean? Some, see that's why I say the vote must have already be in they somebody knows Something. Here's the thing, your vote don't have to be in until normally, I think our vote had to be in by Monday by noon. Right. Because you know, you gotta vote for all the awards. You gotta vote for all pro because you gotta vote. You vote for all the AllPro team offense, defense kicker, coach of the Year, rookie of the year, you know, offensive rookie year, defensive rookie of the year.


MVP comeback player of the year, so forth and so on. So all that, So you obviously, and I, it might ocho it might be after the game, after the last game, but I, but I'm thinking it, I I'm thinking Ocho I'm thinking it was noon Monday. Okay. Like I said, it's been so long ago. Hell, I hadn't worked at the CBS than man in so long. I mean, I think last year was like the Broncos winning the Super Bowl. So that was 2013. So it's been like, it's been 12 years. So that was a long, long time ago. But for me, I'm just saying, and I think Josh Ellis had a phenomenal season, but 41 touchdowns with less than five interceptions.


That's impressive because Aaron Rogers and we know how gifted Aaron Rogers is a throw of the football. I mean, you think about all the great quarterbacks, only two have ever done this. Aaron Rogers and Lamar Jackson, 900 Rush yards with 4,000 passing yards. No quarterback has ever done that. He did it the second highest quarterback rating in NFL history. He got it. He got a lot of firsts or second he is had not, like I said, I, I'm glad I ain't a voter now.


I'm glad I'm not a voter now. I'm glad, I'm glad I'm not a voter now. I'm not. I yeah, I'm biased. I want Lamar with, yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay. I mean, wow. Sue me. Hello. Gonna show you. Finna show him that helmet. Huh? That was me. The Super Bowl helmet. Helmet is at the house. So yeah, I'm biased. I I what you want me to tell you? Okay, sue me. I don't think that's gonna fit. Now I might getting old and then they, y'all might have to cut it off my head.


Russ, what are you doing? Get your ass out of bounds. That's two times you've done that yard is just not important at this point in time. The clock is right. Russ is two, two veteran of an effing quarterback to keep making these mistakes. It cost him against the Baltimore raven. He tried to, now all of a sudden he, Josh Allen, he gonna run a Cam Newton, he gonna run somebody over with his small ass. Slide your ass down in this situation. Get your ass out of bounds. Yardage three yards is not in more is not more important than 15 seconds.


Right. I don't get it. It's, it's like all of a sudden these guys think Ocho it's like the moment, the moment got too big for me, he forgot. Why? Tell me what, tell me what you thought was Ocho tell me you got one time out. Why would you not go out of bounds and save that time out as opposed to getting three yards time out and gotta burn it? Right. But listen, I'm, I'm, I'm glad it went that way 'cause I sure ain't want, I ain't sure ain't one of solutions. So I listen, I'm, I'm you, you got to have better talk management. It's Called situational football. And the really and the really good ones, they understand.


Yeah, 15 not near in Kansas City, there's a reason to get paid 500 million. Now there's a reason I just, I I I'm like, bro, I'm like bro, it is just hard to win when guys in situations right, they don't understand. And then you got, you got your ocho it's hard when your best players have bad attitudes. You see, because the thing is Ocho, you don't want to get rid of that guy and then have him have that attitude. Have good, good, a good attitude because you whatever the case, because we saw what happened in Minnesota with Randy. They wanted to move on. He goes to the Raiders. He didn't feel, he didn't feel appreciated. They wouldn't give him the opportunity.


And then, you know, he goes to, he goes to New England and we see what happens. So the Raiders like, why couldn't, why couldn't we get that? Hey listen, that's why, that's why you have to be cautious. That's why you have to be cautious, you know, and, and have a little grace and a le a little leeway for players like that, of that caliber that are special. George Pickens ain't no regular receiving. Eventually that behavior's gonna rear its head and it reared his head in New England, didn't it? Because guess what? And the one guy that wasn't gonna put up with that behavior is who you played for the guy. Yeah. So what's the guy name that's not gonna put up with that behavior no matter how great you are?


Yeah. What's his name? Coach O Bill Belichick. I, you know what, you know when I, when I think about that situation, when I go back to, when I think about it, remember like he ain't really do nothing. He just said I My money. Nah, it was more toward than that OCHO get paid. It was more to than that. It was, Yeah, it was Hey Ocho. Okay. And then they traded to Tennessee. Okay. He goes to Tennessee. Then what happened? D different offense. O you see now it Minnesota, Oakland, new England, Tennessee, Minnesota, again five teams. And we keep blaming, we keep blaming the team. Huh? The 49 ERs was the last stop.


He went there, they went to the Super Bowl, right. And then he hung it up after that. Yeah. I just, I just, I just don't get it Ocho it, because the thing is, is that you can steal a year if you are a great Player. Yeah. They'll allow you to steal a year. Yeah. If you got A year you can, you can steal a few. See now you cooking. Now you cooking You and you can steal a few. Especially if you ain't no problem. See see now You cooking with Crico. See before you was cooking with Pam, you like life fight because you ain't want, you ain't wanna clog your arteries. Now you got Crico. Yeah. You about to burn the house down. You know exactly what I'm talking about. Yeah. They will allow you to steal a couple of years with a good attitude.


Yeah. We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank. North America members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs


Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at DraftKings sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, c dk g.co/audio.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


All right, Ojo, let's go to Pittsburgh's. End of the season, regular season on four consecutive losses. How hard is it as a team to turn a slide around once you get to the playoffs? Oh, that's a good one. So that's, that's four games, four or five days In a row. You taking the game Four, you lost four in a row. I mean, and what, what, what do you I'm I'm trying to think. I mean, what can you do outside of play better offensive? Because the reason they haven't played well is because the offense has been put 'em abysmal the past four weeks that they've been bad as opposed to how they looked before. They look, they look really good. I'm not sure what's going on with Arthur Smith and the play calling or, or or Russ and, you know, his ability to, to facilitate the ball to the receivers.


IIII don't know what it is. Huh? I I, I honestly, I can't tell you. I just know from a offensive standpoint they've been able to run it. Okay. But the passing game hasn't been what it should be. It 'cause Ocho the receivers, I don't know what I'm going to get. First of all, you remember pick mystery games. But when he is in Ocho ocho, I mean if he supposed to roll 10, I, I don't know. 'cause OCHO cousin, you know what that on that speed out with that 10 row to 12 ocho. That thing gotta, you gotta throw, you gotta throw it on time. Ain't no, ain't no I'm gonna wait till he get, I'm gonna wait till this ain't college. Oh no, no. You in the NFL the difference between NFL and college in NFL. You throw people open in college, you can wait till they get open.


Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. These guys are too good. They study too much film. Yeah. And you throw a ball. Wait until he get open in the NFL they gonna pick it. It's going another way. It's going another Way. I go, Hey, I'm gonna pick. How you gonna pick it? It, it, it's, it's, it's really, it's really that simple and it's hard. Yeah. I think we lost solo. We lost three or four Hold we lost to Pittsburgh. We lose two. We lost to San Fran. We lost to Pittsburgh. San Fran. We lost three or four. But we won, we lost three games. Then we won the final game of the season against Seattle. And then we had a home game. 'cause back then, Ocho, we, we were the, I don't know what we were, I think there was only three divisions back then.


But anyway, we had a home game. We got one home game and then we had to go on the road. We had to go to Kansas City and we had to go to Pittsburgh. But the thing was is that the teams that we were playing OCHO, we had already played. So it was a lot of familiarity and we felt that because they beat us, they really weren't gonna change anything. Which gave us an opportunity to change a lot about what we did. Because if I win on two, why would I, why would I change anything I won. We knew that we, we we know you're not gonna change anything. Can't help yourself. Then now we take it. Now we took advantage of that. But it's tough. But like I said, Ocho I think me personally, I think the the steel is overachieved.


Yeah. I don't think they're a great team. I don't look at another great team yet. You don't Think so. They're not a great team offensively. They're a great team defensively. That's their, their their identity. Their identity has always been offense. Well as opposed to when Ensberg was there, they were offered the Juer not then, you know, even the defense was good. Here's the thing, the steels have always prided themselves on defense until they got big band and then all of a sudden they started getting those receivers and they started throwing the football. So when they got, they had band, they had labon, they had ab they was like, we're just gonna outs score you. Oh, absolutely. 'cause they could run it, they could throw it. Woo. The defense was good.


But the championship level teams that they had, it was still a defensive base football team. Right. When they had Wood Lamar Woodley, they had James Harrison, they had Farer, they had foot, they had Troy, they had Ike, they had Ryan Clark. They were DT Ocho Seahawk's, rookie dt Byron Murphy descent took his teammates out for dinner and was pranked with a fake dinner bill. Yeah, I saw that. Of 155,000 black. His reaction was priceless. His actual dinner bill, whether it much better, it was 38,000. That's Good. Ocho did y'all ever prank the rookies? Listen, I had, I mean as, as when I was a veteran, I didn't, I didn't make the rookies do do rookie night.


I did now when I was a rookie, I'll never forget Peter War Darn h Scott, Ron Dugans, Danny Farmer was there at the time. Tj Now I had to pay for Ricky dinner that night. I can't remember what the price was, but it, it was, it was, it was a little hefty but 38,000. Thinking about that. That ain't much. Huh? That ain't much. When you look at some of the linemen, when the linemen go, go out, man, I've seen seen some of those, some of those receipts and when them boys go out, boy, it'd be expensive. Well you start ordering, you start ordering that King Lu, you can order that king. They do it on purpose at 500, a thousand dollars a shot They do on purpose.


You get like 15 shots of that. And then they gonna order that big, they gonna order a bottle of wine that end up cost like 10 grand. Yes. You get the bigger, you get the lobster. You know they bring the lobster round on, on the wagon and the lobster. This big the wagon. Y'all, y'all, I know y'all seen it. They bring the lobster round in the wagon. Right. He think he going for a ride. Little do he know, he hey them boys, They don't be playing boy, They don't be playing. Look Porters and, and Ashley Lil Lee, their rookie night out. We hit them for about 22,000. See you Got that ain't bad.


Thank You know me, I had to have a li I had a limo, you know, 'cause I ain't want nobody 'cause they gonna go other places. I had a relationship. Y'all not finna to get me broken up in the middle of season. I know, I'm sure. I know my, I know my limitations. I ain't fool with y'all. Listen, same thing I tell my homeboys when they come, you know, Hey Sharp, come on, let's go out. No bro. Right. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You not finna mess with my home at least. Right, right. No, absolutely not. I give some of my tea. Hey, hey bro, you going out? Yeah man Sha hey my homeboys in town man.


Sharp. You know we got, Hey, There you go. You good? I expect, Yeah, but other than that Don choke. Now listen, if you, if you are a rookie and you're not only a rookie and you are a first round pick, man, listen, what? Oh we rookie across the, they coming to get you because I got a limbo. I got a limbo 'cause I got a limo by myself. Daddy send a limo for me because I wasn't going out with them. Oh. I wasn't going out with them afterwards. So I needed a limo that was gonna take me back. Right. Because I ain't want to aid No, no, no, no. I'm going home. Right. So, but you know, back then I think you had to get limo for like, for like five, six hours, seven hours. It was probably like a hundred miles an hour. It wasn't no nothing, no sweat like that.


But the only thing I made sure O Joe. Yeah. I wouldn't let you get stuff to take home. I don't care if your mom, I don't care if you're dad, I don't care if you anything you're not getting stuff to No, no, no, no. I'm not gonna let No, no, no, no. We're not gonna do that. Us, us, us, us. So that was, that was like 22,000. I mean, you know, we, you know the guys order King Lloyd, they order, you know, like a FA 15th Protuse bottle, you know, wine or Rothchild, whatever it was. They got a couple of bottles that I said bro, y'all and you know they gotta get, they gotta get the most expensive thing.


Oh they gotta get the lobster, they gotta get the ma everything. So it didn't, it didn't, it didn't, it didn't cost them. I mean 22,000 wasn't, that wasn't that much but Oh yeah, you gonna pay. Oh yeah. If somebody say, oh I wouldn't pay. Oh yeah, you would. Oh come we gonna take it out. Your check, you gonna Pay. It's coming. You'll pay you. We're not going to allow you a tradition that's been handed down the first round draft pick second round down. A lot of times we let them, y'all, y'all pull together. A lot of times the first round they had to pay dinner for himself. I remember they hit my brother, but I think they hit my brother for like 12, 13 grand. But the thing is, is that you gotta do that. Right. If you are a rookie, you got to bring donuts, you got to bring breakfast sandwiches, you've got to bring food to the plane.


Yeah. I did it. You don't know how many times I'm hustling and bustling. I'm, I'm dressed like Jeff row Bodine tie hanging it all up. Man. About to fall up my head man. Don't sure don't laugh, don't joke because I gotta go, man. This dude, he want Kentucky Fried Chicken. He want Popeye's, he want this. I gotta go all the private the place man. Yeah. Oh hell no. That's why I was like, I gotta make the team. Yeah. All this they got me doing. I'm gonna have miss somebody doing this issue for me. Please. Oh man. Hell nah. But we did all that, you know, rookie singing ocho I wasn't big into, I wasn't big into the hazing.


We make rookies sing, you know, we might steal their car and drive that off or something like that. But all that, I ain't cutting nobody hair 'cause they, nobody cut my hair. 'cause it really been, it'd been a, some cut my hair, it gonna be a problem. So we not gonna do that. So I went, we didn't cut anybody hair. You know, at Baltimore we take the rookies to the gold pole off put Put them in the cold tub. Put 'em in the cold tub. Yeah. We, we tap the table 'em up and put 'em in the cold tub, stuff like that. Ocho But mainly we make 'em sing. Not your album, but I don't wanna hear about your fight song. I don't wanna hear about your album model. You gotta sing some Luther Vand draws Barry White. I I don't care. Whatever you hey, whatever you know the words to Other than your damn fight song.


So, but yeah, but that was, that was, yeah that was back in the day. That was back in. Yeah. We used to steal people cars and stuff like that. We, it's funny because the past, the time it is like grown men. We, but we behaved like eight, seven, and 8-year-old The kids. Yeah. Oh There was some good days. Almond Ross say Brown. Thanks. The NFL should make a rule change. No, we not gonna change the rules because y'all might lose the game. Maybe be a 14 win a 14 win team and go on the road. That ain't how we do it. Right. It's been like that O Joe. So well listen, they going, they going to Minnesota, right? They they play Minnesota tomorrow? No, Minnesota comes to them. Oh, Minnesota comes to them.


Yes. So They already beat Minnesota on the walker. They kicked the field goal. But what is he complaining about then? Because they might lose be 14 and Oh and they have to start the season on the Road. I do. Yeah. Listen, that's, that's nothing you should even worry about. Especially, especially that goddamn high powered offense. There should be nothing you worried about whether you playing home or whether you playing home or away. I understand the advantage that play that teams have playing at home. But listen, the way, the way y'all rocking offensively right now, I wouldn't care if we was playing in Sahara Desert as long as Game Campbell is my coach and he got that wheelbarrow with him. Ca Hons, he carrying him every time he's coaching. I'm not tripping.


I am not tripping. Yeah, he, so I don't agree. I think you and I both, we don't agree 'cause the rules are the rules. We're not gonna be to change the rules because we have an anomaly. Right. How many times the 14 win team has had to start on the road. So I, so one time it happened in the, in the hundred plus year history. Right now we gonna make a rule. So what? Nah, we're not gonna do it. It it was, it was a great suggestion. Yeah. But, but the team, you know, and, and how y'all are playing on the road and at home, it really don't matter. It don't matter. So no. So no. What he's saying though, Ocho, is that if, if we have a better record than a division winner, we should be at home and they should have to go.


Okay, I see, I see what you saying. They want a division. That's the reward you get for winning the division, right? Is that you get to play at least one game. I see what he's saying. The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.