
The Volume. Who's scoring big this NBA season You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bench you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And the convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer, the Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 and estimated based on a large clinical study of patients 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


OCHO speak. Speaking of money, a man goes viral for buying his girl a Honda Civic for a birthday and gets clowned on social media. Man, go. A man goes viral buying his girl a Honda Civic for a birthday and gets clowned ocho. Why you alone Honda Civic is a good car. Y'all make seem like y'all make it seem like the man an athlete. Damn. Forget a Honda Civic being a good car man. You getting the vehicle to give from point A to point B. Obviously you wanna stay within your f financial lane. You don't want to get something that you're not able to afford. You don want to, you don't wanna get something that you can't pay for. You can't make payments. I, it, it's, it's not that difficult.


People, the man got something based on his salary and what he makes where he's comfortable helping this young lady out. That ain't hard, that ain't difficult to understand. It ain't. And then people, And then the people, the peoples, most of the time the people making fun of it probably couldn't even do it themselves. Ain got ain't Man, he got no car Ocho Man, don't get me started on that. Yeah. I mean, boy what? And see that's, that's why I know, that's why, You know, I've been talking to a lot of people. See, see on the internet ain't real because the ocho the internet. I have you thinking like, man, I really need to get me another job. Look out more for living. Yeah. They, They taking pictures. You fed a thousand dollars just to go take a picture on a private jet.


You renting cars, you renting home. That got people thinking that's your crib. For what? Just so you could impress somebody or you tried to impress somebody that you never met. Yeah. That guess what? They don't care about you just all About, it's all about portraying a certain image on. Yes. I mean that, I mean, they're not a whole lot of guys that, that would be willing to buy their girl a car. Even if it was a Honda Civic. And she seemed just as happy because it was better than what she had. Which was nothing.


Nothing. It means better than catching a bus. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. They, they gonna try to shame the man talking about clown the man, clown the man on social media, bro. Put your arm around your lady because a lot of, a lot of jokers out there ain't wouldn't, man. He, I'm surprised they didn't call him a, because You know you can't do nothing for your lady For, for taking care of your lady. Yeah, for doing, for Doing what? You Bro. Doing what? You girl, you not you simple because you ain't even got no girl. But because because you man, I wouldn't do that for my lady. Y'all ain't gonna tell me what to do for my lady. I'm gonna do whatever to if I want Absolutely. Every time.


So, man. Oh, you a simple, okay, and your point is, y'all think y they be thinking me hurting your feeling. Talk about that bro. Y'all ain't got no money. Matter of fact, trying Thing y no, you might have money and you talking about I don't gotta do all that for my girl. Guess what somebody else is. Nope. Oh, I don't even wanna break no bad dude. I I don't, no, don't Do that. Don't Do that. I ain't gonna bring no bad news. Nobody with You don't do that. All, all, all the, all the take. You know, unc the funny thing about it, all this take for her is to experience it from one person. Yes. To see what it's like. Yes. One time. Oh, this is what it's like. Oh, this is what I've been missing out on. Yes, Yes. Okay. Yes.


I Okay, But I, I, I, I oh ojo. I mean, if I was a, if, if I didn't play in the NFL took care of my money, let's just say I'm a hardworking guy. Right. I'm working a regular nine to five, Nine to five blue collar. Yeah. And I ain't, I ain't blue, blue collar real, real blue. Yes. Yes sir. My collar black. 'cause it's dirty. 'cause I'm working my ass off with you. You know what I'm saying? O Yes Sir. I'm, I'm with you now. And, and if I Yeah, I'm gonna take care of my lady. Well sure. That's a part of it. Right. Always has been. That's me Now everybody, everybody wired like you and I that we believe that, that, You know, we should take care of those because Yeah. You, you got to. I want, yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take care of mine then what somebody else do.


I don't care what somebody else do for their lady. I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do for mine. Mine. Yeah. So what you do? I'm cool. You don't wanna take your girl, do this or you don't wanna do that. I ain't finna judge you. I ain't finna look down at you, but I'm not gonna finna make you feel bad because I can and you can't do for yours because that's what it comes down to. Ocho a lot of guys can't do anything for their lady. And since they can't, they gonna try to make you feel bad that you can. Exactly. Exactly. And matter of fact, they're using the word simp. They're using it outta context. They using it totally outta context.


Why you say you sip, you live if you living with your girl, you sipping. If you still at home, you sipping if you live in an apartment. And, and, and, and John O'Brien said if you got your assets on your ass, you sipping. Yeah. Now who really sipping? Oh, okay. I ignore it. I ignore it. Hey young man. Oh man, Ocho, What up? There was a stretch in my life that I didn't do a lot of things right because I felt guilty because Lord blessed me and showed favor on me and somebody else, others didn't have.


I say, why should I feel bad about my some? I hold on, others get mad at me about results they didn't get for the work they didn't put in. Ah, I put the work in. Now. See, they talking about, man, all I'm gonna do is work. Okay. When I'm give something, y'all say, oh, he the illuminati. When y'all see this, this the Lu Ocho. Who was I talking to? Who's that? Oh, wa gi, Wallo and Gilly. Yeah. They like, when black people have success, it always had to come by. Ill-gotten means Right. See, when a white person ain't nobody say, ain't nobody say Joe Rogan. He Illuminati.


Ain't nobody say nothing. The Kelsey's being Illuminati. Ain't nobody say nothing about Alice Cooper calling her daddy Illuminati black person. Shit. Oh, Illuminati. He done sold something. He Hollywood, he done sold out, Sold the soul. We can't be six. I want something that, but I'm not, listen, I'm talking about look on your next year we going to the NAACP award. Village award. Yeah. Because I want, I want you to feel what I felt. Mm. I want you to see how those people Yeah. How they think of what they think of you and I Yeah. Yeah. You've got to be, you've got to experience this. And I was telling Joy, I said, man, Ocho need to be here to hear this.


How they speak about Nightcap, how they love Nightcap, how Ocho and UNC play off each other. Man, y'all do so well. I'm proud of y'all brothers. Hey. And this ain't man look here, don't worry about the internet because they gonna try to break y'all up. They gonna keep trying to bring confusion in there. Don't y'all listen to that. Y'all got some great going. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. To be when, when I'm in the air or in the airport or being whatever. Oh yeah, Man. Ocho bad. This is This. Hey, it is everywhere. Huh? Everywhere. Everywhere. It's, it's Everywhere. And I'm in The Bahamas, them four, five days. I stayed in The Bahamas. Huh? Everywhere I went, man, we love Nightcap.


You gotta get Shannon to come out here. So listen, I'm gonna tell him, I don't know if he gonna make it to The Bahamas, but I'm gonna show, let him know how much you appreciate the show. This is everywhere on the plane at the mall places you would think. And then certain people you wouldn't think, wouldn't even be, wouldn't even be watching. Yes. Ocho I'm talking about, I'm talking about 60, 70-year-old white women. Man, listen. Men and Women, man, listen, I had to take, I have to take Maches off sometimes the, the people that walk up to me and say they watch Nightcap. Wait, what? You Yes, yes, yes. And yes, yes.


Ocho Yes. So for us, man, it's a unbelievable feeling. The love and that, like I said, Ocho, you got to experience this. You got to, you got to feel people that look like us that are successful. Right. And proud. Ain't no hating. I'm talking about proud man. Y'all did it, man. Y'all doing it. Keep doing what you doing, brother. Keep inspiring. Okay. That's all I need to


hear When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans, check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Dreaming of hydrated skin amidst these dry winter months. Dime offers clean master, aesthetician crafted skincare products that deeply nourish, protect, and hydrate their formulas made with clean ingredients lock in moisture for skin that stays soft, smooth, and radiant All season long. Hydration starts with dime's, bestselling hyaluronic acid serum delivering deep moisture where your skin craves. At most. This lightweight, fast absorbing serum helps quench dryness, plump skin, and boost elasticity from the inside out. Once your skin is prepped with the serum seal in all that hydration with their dewy day cream, a rich, luxurious moisturizer designed to provide all day softness and lasting glow together, this powerful duo keeps your skin smooth, supple, and luminous, even in the harshest weather. Shop the duo now@dimebeautyco.com. That's dime beauty co.com and get the hydrated skin of your dreams.


The New Year's here. It's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and Toms of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Now the guy that in that, that's in here talking, look, everybody, that's my dog right there. The one, the only, I be his real name. Mama called him getting Nathaniel, but we call him Earthquake Qua. What he do and what off? Oh, show what time in there play. But hey Craig, what's up baby? How you doing? Boy? So blessed and Holly Fame. See, I had to put my real name up here. Trump important people. I let em know I'm from here. I'm, I'm looking, I'm like Nathan, Nathan ain't time right now. That's hot in these streets. You gotta keep your passport with you.


Say your real name. You can't say Pooky. Mess around getting recorded. Man. Can't get back in here. Wait, what's going on bro? How you doing man? I'm so blessed. Holy Fame man. I love the show too, man. So y'all do y'all have great chemistry? Appreciate that, man. Look, and I'm proud of you. You know, I'm proud of you, man. I man, we, we talk, I don't really have a whole lot of close friends and people that I communicate with that I didn't play sports with. But Quake is one of the ones, I mean, I met Quake. I mean, I used to see him in Atlanta and come to his shows, but then I met him probably about nine years ago in the airport. We flying, we flying, read our back to Atlanta.


Oh. And we was in, we was in the Sky Club and man, we struck up a conversation and man, we've been, we been, we been, we've been down ever since, man. I mean, he a good dude, real dude. All a, there been some times I had to call him up. I said, he said, man, look here, let that go man. Let that, let that me off a cliff. Me off a cliff. Ocho I tell time Ocho from the cheap seats. Yeah. Because I ain't over this meal. I can't do it. I can't do it. That pole is hard on them. They gonna have to do it by theyself. Yeah. Oh man. That's crazy. Yeah. Hey, hey, quake. I I wanted to ask you, man, listen, I, I've been watching you over the years, man.


You've been in comedy man. You've been in the game for a long time. Boss Man. And I, I'm a fan. I'm a huge fan. How has your comedic style evolved over the years being that through each era, You know, your not, not what, You know, your set, your sets have to change based on your audience. Well, I always think as a true artist, the comedy should reflect the era that she in. And that's why I'm saying it's so important now that everything we're going through, you can't have knock Now jokes. This is the time to be the Richard Fry, James Carver to be able to flex so you can have this longevity if you are relevant in the times that you live in.


You know what I mean? So that's always been my co I mean, key. I'm, I'm quick with it. I, I don't take a long time. And then I have a different delivery son, much as like a preacher and I'm ratified. Right. So you, You know, I gave you, I'm like McDonald's, I'm gonna go a billion jokes told, so you just, you ain't get no time to wait for me. I ain't got them long stories and waiting for Rush type, You know what I mean? Just keep punching until the bail stop. Right. Quake, I remember you said one time what a, a a true comics job is, is to take real life events and make 'em funny. Yes.


Oh yeah. A lot of times you talking about your prostate, we had to get pro, you had to get your prostate checked. You take real life events, be it a dating situation. Now I think you're about to get you done got married yet? Wait, nah, August 1st, man, I'm the only, I'm I'm invite. It's all over. But we walk through them. Valley of Death Evil. Gotta get out them. I'm, I'm eight, I'm, I'm following. I'm following up right behind you. Get it man. Starting to get off these streets, man. These old players better realize that's what they make s for. Come on over here and be safe. Get out the road.


Hold on. Ain't like seeing an old man getting hit by a car. Hey Quake, lemme ask you this quake, when you first started doing comedy shows and you are on the c you chit circuit and you going to live small club and you making 50 and they paying you a hundred dollars, did you ever think comedy would be as mainstream and you could make the money that you're making right now when you first started? Yeah, because see I owned my own club and Steve Harvey came hometown comedy. Yeah. And Steve Harvey came and this is nine three and Steve Harvey came, did three shows on Friday, three on Sunday. And I wrote him a check for $72,000 on a, on 93.


I said, man, I ain't know that kind of money. You Yes. I said, man, I can stay here for a hour just for the stuff that you utter. Oh man. Yes Lord. I know it's a beautiful thing if you can join them people to come in. Right. Qua you been the military, lemme ask you this. When did You know that You know what Comedy Avenue I'm gonna pursue? Because you went to the military and you could have been, You know, been a civil servant or you like Nah, military. Military, they don't make no money. They don't make no money. I, I might as well go ahead and make this real money out here. Being a comedian, when did you start taking c comedy serious? Well, I wish I did have a good, to be quite honest with you, a story like that I was going to do 20 years in the military, but the war broke out.


And I said, I don't mind popping, but y'all fighting for real, man. I just came here to get away from my mother. No, y'all need some real soldier. You can drop me ball off at the crib. Man, I ain't no real soldier, man. It's time to tap out. So I went to Atlanta and just tried comedy out just as not just tried and ain't nothing but a came. That's why my, I got the name earthquake because if it didn't work out, I ain't want my family to be joking on me talking about, You know, you got out the military trying to be rich pry. So I, I used the, I used earthquake so it worked out.


So, You know. Yeah. Said I didn't wanna mess up my good name. So somebody said, earthquake, you bald. I'm like, I don't know no earthquake. My name aag. Hey, hey. Who? Hey who, who were some of the, some of the comedians that inspired you when you first started out? You know, your Richard Pry and, and and names of that sort? I got in the game after pry part of just into the game of the occupation of it. But Right. All the greats such as Thel, stead, Steve, Bernie, all of 'em. You gotta understand I own my own club. So all the comments that you see now came through my club. Chris Tacos, the Ane James, all of all of us work in this club.


This was the training field for us. And You know, the other ones was the big stars like the George Wallace and stuff like that. So that's how it was. Yeah. George Mad Moore. Oh yeah. George is the first brother that taught me how to do a door deal. So you need 85, 90% of them dog and some of the food in the liquor. I said, okay George. Hey, how, how do you, how do you feel about, about the state of, the state of standup comedy today as opposed to had was, You know, in our younger days, and I'm saying in our younger days. 'cause I'm my, I am right up there with y'all. Well, only thing I I would say personally as a comedian is be a comedian.


You know, might be doing anything, doing your format or sitting down here or Twitter. Do, but where's the jokes? I want hear the jokes. If you, you gonna be something else and you gonna be a provocateur or whatever, okay, do that. But if you going fall out this battle as a comedian, you need to be further. Right. And you can't bring what you did last year. Just like, yo, your last year has nothing to do with this shit. When you step on the field. Right. When you still living off of stuff you did in the past, You know what I'm saying? I used to be the 1997 Super Bowl champion win 2005, 2025. You know what I mean? And you sitting down here and you running a, a eight, four, You know what I'm saying?


So, You know, you used to on the phone too, man, get out my face. I ain't got nothing to say to you. So I feel, just be funny. Put a joke to it. Wait, quake, when you look at where we are now, because it seems like a lot of these comedians are popping up through social, social media. Oh yeah. And when your days, you didn't have social media. You like you said, you had to be funny. They weren't, were they guys doing a whole lot of skits back then? I remember Flip Wilson, you remember Flip Wilson had the variety show. Cabernet Tim. Quack Conway. There were a few that had the com had the, the skit, the sketch comedies. But for the most part, guys stand up on stage. Women stood up on stage with their microphone and they walked paced back and forth and they told jokes.


And now it seems like social media guys blow up guys and men and women blow up overnight. Wait. Yeah, but see it looks like you are professional. Whatever means you need to get seen by the scouts, you still better be able to play because ain't nothing going to help you when you get on that stage. Now you might get 'em the first time, sell all out case you was great on the internet, but in our profession, they won't spend another dog. The world will get around. It sucks and they'll let You know, boo. And that I'm telling you, you find out just how long a minute is when you stand on that stage. Oh man, It's, it is different up there. It's a hard job, but I love it.


Wake, I know you cool with Chappelle. You one of the few comics that that Chappelle allowed to get close to him. You Don Rollins. I had Darnell on I to it. I tore him up. Quake, I got me some jokes off for him. Quake, I got me some jokes off for him. I listen to you Qua Qua say, Hey, they come up here and get you a few jokes off on them. I got, I got here a few, I got me a few up on it. When, when, when I hear he's one of the few, like George Carlin could do this, that he could tell a joke while all the while providing social commentary. And that's a, that's a very, very unique ability to have. He can take real life events. He can make them funny, but tell 'em in such a way that it disarms the crowd.


He, he's, he's a genius man. I have the privilege. I just worked with him on All Star Weekend in Oakland. And when I tell you the set he has now is just as funny as any UN that he had and he's God given for this, this is what he's here for. You know what I mean? Right. To interpret it. And his is very relevant. Back to what I'm saying. These are the times and comedians, true comedians have the obligation to tell the world and tell truth to power through your jokes and educate you through the laughter saying as the people you say George Col, the Richard Pros, these people stood when we was going through the worst thing when they were to Yes.


To articulate what we is. And he's there doing it for us now. And it's brilliant and I'm, I'm just privileged to be his friend. Mm. So what is the next, you you, are you, are you on tour right now Qua? Yeah. I'm getting ready for this. Good boy. Ready for this. Another next big Netflix special day spell is going producing for me coming into Atlanta. When, when, because I'm gonna be there. We gonna be in the say with the next two months we're gonna spill. We gonna do it. This one gonna be great. I'm ready for it. Dr. Material. What? Let me have to find out. Let me have to find out from somebody other than you. I'm heckling. I'm coming ahead. I'm, You know, you don't wanna do that to me.


I I got, I got a couple bullets, but you already, they already, Hey got you Don. I talk about my mama, You know, I'm about jokes and I'm develop, I can't see now because we ain't put the ink on the bus. Your boy gonna be on TV on the network. So I'm gonna have on my TV show. So those things don't happen. Quick bear, You know. Hey, I, I'm happy. Like I said, man, you one of the few people outside of sports that I, that I, that I communicate on a regular basis.


And man, I really appreciate you joining tonight. But man, You know, I, I've seen your show. I've always thought, you've always been one of my favorite comedians. And after getting an opportunity to really know you and talk, even before you sat down with me on Club Shehe having an opportunity to talk to you on the re man, you just a good dude. You a real good dude, bro. Well thank you man. I appreciate it. I'm show you my man, man. And still, and You know it brother still, still don't spend none of that money. Let's keep it, keep that money back. Don't let rich shame you. Do not let rich shame you. Listen, we ain't going back being broke. We know how it's tell them, Hey, Listen, I I ain't, I ain't spent nothing in 37 years, man. Listen, I done, I been enjoying the fruit to ma labor this year.


I, I told myself I'm gonna treat myself 2025. So this year I'm finn act up quake. This year I'm gonna act up. But 2026 I'm gonna go ahead and shut it back down. I'm give yourself in here, but don't let him rip. Shame me man. Keep this bunny on. I've been rooting for you. Don't spend nothing. Yes sir. Hey, quake man. Appreciate your time man. Enjoy. I'm looking forward to it. Like I say, hit up, let me know 'cause I'm definitely coming through. I'm coming through the show, bro. I'm gonna on the show and that too. And I'm a so, so seeing you and hotel invitation to the wedding, man, it's gonna be huge. Everybody gonna be there and I'm gonna love for y'all to be there. Yeah. I don't, don't have no big and food quick. I know you eating healthy. I going with that bull drive.


I, I got Listen, I got you. I you I got people food, I promise. Okay. Okay. I appreciate that man. Thanks for joining us. Another back cap, bro. Love you. Hey Joe. I don't know how many like comedian friends you got, man, but thanks. I I got a lot of 'em there, Dude. Hey, him and Cat man. Looking here, man. What? Funny, funny, funny, funny. What Funny I'm talking about, I been like, bro, can we, can, can we like be, I mean you might get like one sentence of something serious then after that All jokes, all Jokes All joke, man. But man, hey, that's a good dude, man.


That's a real good dude. And Quake, thank you for joining us tonight, Ocho. Let's get right back into it. A woman says she sent her baby daddy $2,000 out of her income tax. Yeah. Return for being a good father. Cheers to not being a bitter baby mama. Yes. I'm bragging because DJ really do have a great daddy out of, out of the four years our son's been here. He's never skipped a beat in my boy life. I like that. I mean that, that's, that's dope. That's dope. That's dope. I like it. I like, yeah, I mean, because sometimes, You know, hey Mean, I, I'm not sure Unc I don't know about reward what we supposed to already be doing. I mean, You know, you're not supposed to get a reward for what you're supposed to do.


That's what he not supposed to miss beat, You know, that's his child. But I get Yeah, well we we not supposed, we not supposed to argue. You're not supposed to get mad if I date somebody else and I move on. Right? Oh, now, Okay. Okay. I, yeah. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm with you. I'm with you here. Right. Yeah, I agree. I don't believe, but I mean, I don't know if I would've said sent my ba my, my, my, my child's my co-parent. You know, I I don't wanna say because, You know, hey Shelly, call me my co-parent. Right. Money for doing what they're supposed to, but Hmm. You, you wouldn't do that. What? Like, you, you don't send money just if, if they, if they needed extra, you wouldn't, what I'm saying, it, it not even, and, and I'm, I'm not even, I'm not speaking on the part on, in, in, in context of her sending because he is doing a good job.


Listen, just the fact that they have a child for me, you always good or you don or, or you don't operate. I mean, I'm just saying that's how I, I operate. If you have a child, for me, you are always good and always will be for the simple fact that you do have my child. Right. Regardless of your circumstances, regardless of who you're dealing with, regardless of who you're seeing, You know, every time, depending on who you see, they might not be as you already know what I'm trying to say. I don't, I I don't check nobody pocket. But if there's something that you need regarding the child, sometimes maybe not regarding the child, depending on the importance of it or the situation.


Okay. You, you good. You know aint I ain't, I ain't, I ain't nasty. Yeah. I I I think my kids, I think my, my co-parent is good. Understand the situation or not, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. With the, look, we were young, we had kids, young, first time parents. I'm in my career, You know, they wanted things that I'm not, I I I, I didn't think I could give at the time. Right. Looking back on it probably should have handled things a lot different. I'm not saying that I would've changed anything about my career, I'm still going, but I probably could have squeezed some time in. But you don't know what you don't know.


Yeah. And you're feeling that that's gonna, that's gonna hinder, it's gonna hamper my ability to be the player that I want to be. And so that was, You know, hey, but I, I ain't make peace with them. I made peace with the kids. Right. That, that's who, that's who I owed it. That's who I owed it to with the kids. And I think, You know, I had a conversation with the kids and they, they, they understood or they told me they understood. I, I don't know what's inside their head. I just go by what they tell me. Ocho. And so that was, that was what I was able to do. But hey, kudos to her for not being bitter. Maybe he's moved on. Maybe she's moved on. And sometimes Ocho you have a, you have a a, a kid with someone, right? And they're bitter.


You are bitter and all you do is, is bicker and the only person that's suffering is the child or the children. Mm. So I'm glad we can, we can agree to get along Ocho, the $30 lunch debate is still going on. Yeah. Bunny Bunny said, I hate cheap ends. I'm no greedy woman. But if I want a seafood boy for lunch, O as if plate from Shea. Yeah. $30 is not enough itch. Please tell me $30 is not enough. Crying. I'm not getting McDonald's for lunch. Boo. What's up O Joe? I mean, Hey listen, I mean it's, it's, it will go on and on and on and on and on, right?


It's one of those, it's one of those what I I what I like to call black Twitter topics. Yeah. In a, it comes through every so often the same thing, same conversation. Listen, depending on who it is, depending on who the guy is giving you $30, you gonna take that 30? Yeah. You gonna take, take That 30. Now maybe if it's a guy and you in our situation, maybe you like, well damn it baby, that's all you got $130 but ain't you talking about, but everybody ain't got it like that. Yeah. Everybody can't give what, what is it? Cash App Z? Yeah. Okay. Yo save senior thousand. Senior 15.


Okay. Yeah. You know everybody can't Do that. So it's called cash apps. Yeah. Okay. Everybody ain't got ca can't afford to cash app you 200 and hell, who the hell eating 200 for lunch? One person or 200 lunch, aren't you? I mean, listen, when I look at some of the meals, I look at some of the prices the way people like to eat all that's healthy food, You know, re the different restaurants that people like to go to these nice restaurants. Oh yo one person though for $200, one person. I don't dunno. I don't know. I mean, the way they moving it, it, it seems like, so because the topic, Man, they can stop finding press people The topic in the discourse about that $30.


Hey women, women ain't, women ain't playing that. But You know, honestly the people, women's expectations and thinking they gonna have somebody or thinking you're going to find someone that's gonna be going crazy with it and having the, having the pockets to have that kind of, what, what, what what I what I call that kind of money. God, I, I don't know about the word is similar. You Money. Oh yeah. You money Disposable income. Huh? Disposable income. Where regardless of how much it is you need or you good right here on the on on the dot. This ain't no movie. This is reality. And the percentage of men and the percentage of men is so small that really got it like that I'm talking about really got it like that.


And the one that really got it like that, you just a part of the roster. So when it's your turn, you good? Oh Joe, damn the income, you stay with me man. I'm with you. Okay. Okay. I'm with you. The one thing I hate more than anything, you ain't even gotta love me. Oh, don't be ungrateful. I detest ungratefulness.


I don't care. $5. I gave you five more than you had. I didn't have to give you that. So now you're gonna show me ungrateful. Give you don, worry about woo. Appreciative. Be grateful, be thankful. Sometimes we, we forget that. Or sometimes we get stuff on your and I, I might not.


Thank you. You took time out, you wouldn't got it. I appreciate that. Too big to thank I think sometimes of that. My, my daughter, she's like, daddy, what you want? She go to this gourmet dog cookies stuff and dance Something And in return something somebody.


Huh? Oh, okay, okay, okay. Right. My my beautiful people, people in the chat on can logging right now, he dealing with some technical di difficulties on, on, on his end. He, so we we're gonna, we're gonna rectify that situation very, very soon until he does. How y'all doing? I love you. I ain't coming back. We, we, we going, we gonna get on together, together over there. I don't want to get together. I wanna stay just like this. Oh, you hear me? I hear you just fine. I kind of like it like this. Oh, oh, oh.


You back. How you, how do you fix it that fast? I was kind of like, I was like hoping keep this thing going, don't you? Oh, all right. Shoot. I was hoping, I was hoping that you keep it going. I was like, I'm finna take the rest of the night Off. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. We wait. No, we, we, we, we ain't, I mean, we, we can do that. We can do that. But you, you got it. You got It. O Joe, the University of New Orleans has hired music mogul Master p as his new president of basketball operations. What do you think about that? Don't, Joe, That's dope, man. That's dope. Listen, PP is living, living a dream inside of a dream, inside of another dream.


He's everything he's wanted to accomplish. Obviously talking to him in New Orleans. Yeah. He's doing, so he doing to PI mean, to hear him talk, to hear his his story. Oh yeah. Coming out of New Orleans and, and, and, You know, wanted to be a professional athlete having his knee issue, so forth and so on. Right. Man. Yeah. It's, it, it's, it's a good look. It's a very good look. The, the from where he's come from to where he is now, the ups and downs, the obstacles, the resiliency throughout his, throughout his life. Great story. I'm, I'm, I'm happy for him. I Got you, Pete. I'm gonna hit you tomorrow.


It was a little late today. I had, I had some stuff I had to take care of, but I got your message, bro. I'm gonna hit you tomorrow. Ocho unfortunately, tank is not gonna be able to join us tonight. He's having technical difficulties. We'll get him on. Oh, maybe Sunday, Monday. 'cause that's our, our next, our next show will be Sunday or Monday. So hopefully we can get him on after that. Guys, we're very, very sorry that we weren't able to get him. He's having technical difficulties, but we look forward to having Tank on after this flight with Lamont Roach. And so hopefully we can get him on Sunday or Monday. But we're very, very sorry that we weren't unable to bring you Tank


tonight. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Dreaming of hydrated skin Amidst these dry winter months. Dime offers clean master, aesthetician crafted skincare products that deeply nourish, protect, and hydrate their formulas made with clean ingredients, lock and moisture for skin that stays soft, smooth, and radiant All season long. Hydration starts with dime's, bestselling hyaluronic acid serum delivering deep moisture where your skin craves at most. This lightweight, fast absorbing serum helps quench dryness, plump skin, and boost elasticity from the inside out. Once your skin is prepped with the serum seal in all that hydration with their dewy day cream, a rich, luxurious moisturizer designed to provide all day softness and lasting glow together, this powerful duo keeps your skin smooth, supple, and luminous, even in the harshest weather. Shop the duo now@dimebeautyco.com. That's dime beauty co.com and get the hydrated skin of your dreams.


The New Year's here. It's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and Toms of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Now Ocho it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and eight. Jenny Ail, Ocho, this one for you. I'm gonna let you take off on this one first. I love watching, right? Y'all inspire me to start a channel teaching people about sports towards women, but all are welcome. Any advice as a young woman going into an arena to get people to take me seriously? Ooh, that's a good one. That's a good one. Knowing what you're talking about. Knowing exactly what you're talking about. As if, as if you are one of the not brothers. I'm, I, I, I know you one of the guys the like, like you, one of the guys knowing the ins and outs, the intricacies and knowing exactly what you're talking about.


And they, they gonna take you serious. They, they, they, they're going to have a choice. And obviously you have to understand going in that lane, going in that industry, you gonna have to have some that try you too. You gotta stand on business. You got to stand on business and don't eat where you, You know what, or don't you, You know what I'm trying to say? Don't where you eat. Don't even play them games. Yeah. Study, study. Yeah. You, you gonna, you gonna, you gonna be all right? Be convicted. Watch you gonna have to spend a lot of time watching the game, right? Because you gonna have to understand the nuances of the game. I don't really care about the four by one or two by two to stack the bunch of stuff like that. I don't care if You know cover two, I don't care if You know cover six. I don't care if You know cover seven.


I don't care if You know quarter, but you're gonna have to talk with authority. You're gonna have to study the game, understand the game and you'll be fine. But it comes, it comes. Look, a lot of the great players, great. Harry Roseman ain't play no football maybe in high school, but he didn't play at a, at an elite level. A lot of people that talk about s Sports didn't play sports or didn't play the sport that they talk about. Yeah, but you gotta study. You gotta put a lot of time in it and that means you gonna be lonely sometimes. Jenny, You know, sports sports happen on the weekend, so you're gonna have to be at home watching the game, But I like that Jenny, best of luck, Kim Norwood Jr.


Unc, my question is, who's the best handles in the NBA? It's me If Steph, Kyrie and Steph. Well, Kyrie got the best handles I've ever seen. Kyrene all time I've ever, ever seen. And we've had some guys that could handle the rock. Rod Strickland could handle the rock. White chocolate. Jason Williams could handle the rock. Woo. Jason Williams. I, Zeke, Zeke could pat the Rock. Steph obviously could pat the Rock re the league of his own. Kyrie got the ball of Kyrie treats the ball like a yo-yo. Hey, like A yoyo. I I I was just gonna say that like a yo-yo. Yep. Walk the dog. Kyrie is phenomenal now Don, hey now Step ain't no slouch, but man what?


Kyrie Kyrie is a magician. Kyrie's a magician with the basketball man. Yeah, it doesn't seem real. The way he can handle the ball and make it do in his spin his English off the glass, but Stiff man Ray 3% MVP Curry, dpo o your Green Warriors 2025 Champ. I don't know about all that. Nah, 25 Champ. Yeah. Curry's not winning the MVP. He ain't gonna catch, he not gonna run down Yolk. He's not gonna run down Giannis and graying and not winning defensive player of the year, all that we can. Does the NBA have a scheduling problem? I believe LA plays 16 of its final 25 games following the Allstar break on the back to back scheduling.


Look at OKC in Minnesota playing back to back over the weekend with travel. Look, sometimes you play most of your game, you play, You know, two or three games Right. More before they all start. Then you gotta make that, You know, you, you have two or three fewer at the end and sometimes you, you don't play 'em enough and you gotta make it up at the end, at the end one way or another. You gotta get 82 in how you get 'em in ocho. Yeah. I don't know what, I don't know what goes into the NBA scheduling. Yeah, right.


But at the end of the day, everybody gonna play 82. Everybody probably have the same number of back to backs. Now whether they're beginning or the end, that might be a different argument. But everybody's gotta play 82. King me. At what point do you blame ma organization for lack of development? Unc, stop blaming Luca. He, he led us to the final and blamed the organization, bro, the organization is what pays the money. It's easy for you to say, just give him the money. Right? That's not your $445 million That you got. I mean, what, what part did you get? I ain't blame no Luca. Could Luca have done things differently? Yes, they got tired of Luca. They, I'm not there.


But rapport says that he didn't work as hard as he needed to. That's what they're saying. See you looking at it right now, they're looking at being strapped to a guy for the next five years and they're having to pay him $70 million a year. What is it that you don't understand? Right? I understand both sides of it. And sometimes you can get caught up in just looking at, looking at what he did, but they develop players now. They made a mistake. They clearly made a mistake with Jalen Brunson. But if you got Jalen Bronson, you're not gonna have Kyrie. Yeah. I mean, I think you should be pretty pleased with Kyrie.


You're not happy with Kyrie. I'm sure I'm serious. Don't you? You're not happy with Kyrie. Look, could Luke have done things better? Sure. Could the organization maybe handle things better? But at the end of the day, I'm all player, but as being a business owner, Right? I get it. I get it. Juice Daddy 8 0 4, UNC letting Cooper, Deon go for Miles. You letting, okay, you letting Cooper Deon go for Miles? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Oh, to get Miles, Garrett. I know what you, I know, I know what you're talking about. I know what you're talking about, but, oh, man, Because guess what, I get Miles Garrett and pairing with Jalen Carter. I don't need, I don't, Hey Carter, you ain't have a whole up long Right? You ain't got hold up. Long joke. Yeah, You right. You right, You right. Think about the rush that they had LA that they had in the Super Bowl. What? They had them corners ain't have to hold up long At all, Man. They had had the home like, You know, hot coal Man, listen that, but that old line was, that was horrible. They ain't listen, they weren't great All season long. But, but you would think a game like that, of that magnitude, you would get up and play a little different.


That was bad. Yo, unc, should the Browns take a quarterback into overall, or take Carter Hunter at two then take Dart or Will Howard at 33 and sign cousins? Woo. Me personally, I think there's a difference between Cam Ward Shado and the other quarterbacks. Now some people say Jack Jackson Dart and Will Howard, they're close. It's not that vast disparity disparity OCHO between 1, 2, 3, 4. Right?


You gotta get a quarterback. You got to, you ain't got no choice. You gotta take a quarterback. You have no choice. You Just do without, without him. You don't have a chance. You don't. J 2 1 3, uncle, my random question for you is, what is your Mount Rushmore male vocalist? Much love to you both be blessed Damn male vocalist. That's a good, that's a good question. Marvin Gaye. Yeah, Mar Oh, oh my goodness. Sam Cook, I'm gonna take Michael Jackson. Hey, can I, can I tell you something?


Yeah. Hey, Chad, I I'm gonna go with Marvin Gaye too, right? Yeah. For the simple fact. I've never, still to this day, 1984 NBA All-Star game. Seen anyone sing the Star-Spangled Banner? Like Marvin Gaye, like Marvin Gaye did. I ain't never, ever, Whitney Houston owns it for the women's side. Woo boy. Whitney a at the Super, I don't don't, I don't remember what year that, I don't remember what year that Was. 90 night of Super Bowl. Oh my goodness. But that Marvin Gaye rendition so soulful. Oh man, I ain't never heard nothing like that man.


Marvin, Michael, Sam Cook. I'll go Luther. Oh, what? You know, wait, Lil Luther, big Luther, Either one of 'em, he could blow. I mean, hey, what, You know, Hey, Freddie Jackson have, have some, have some chords on him too. Now what You, what You know about Freddie Jackson? Man? Hey Jack. Come on man. Donny Hathaway. I mean, move man. Hey, hey, It's too many, huh? It's, it, it's, it's Too many. And for the women and for the women, it's even harder. Yeah. Yeah. Because you got, you gotta have, first of all, you gotta have Whitney and you probably gotta have Aretha. Okay? But then you leave out What, what about Stephanie Mills?


What about Anita Baker? Maria Carrier Night? It's, it's so many. Patti LaBelle. What's the Wright? What? What's the one that sung this song with a Rick James? Little Tina Marie. Tina Marie. Come On now. You got, yeah, you got Christian a got, got love. Hey, Adele. Got love Beyonce. Jasmine Sullivan. Hold on, Hold on. Wait a minute. Jasmine. Sullivan, Kiki, Wyatt. I'm talking about voices now. Oh yeah, I'm talking, You know that, You know the background. You know they came up at the church? Yeah. Oh yeah. Did you Say Jennifer Hudson? Yeah.


I'm missing somebody. Oh, fantas. Fantasia. Boy, you boy, you, you read. But get out my head. Fantasia Boy. Fantasia Man. Stop playing. What? Fantasia, I want you to bring me home. I wanna feel like I'm back at church. Come on, man. Man. Hey boy. Sis. No, she could sing boy. Flat out. Flat out, but Ocho. Yeah. I don't know. I wish you could go here, Adele. And I don't know if anybody that heard her show when she was at Caesar's. Oh, oh, her residency? Yes. She's not there anymore. Ocho Right. I could, I could imagine though, huh? Boy, She came out there with that mermaid dress on.


Yeah. And no shoes Cutting up. What? What? Yeah. I can imagine what you see. See that, that, that feeling you have right now, being able to listen to her and having an appreciation for her voice. That's the feeling I have every time I go to see Andrea Pacelli every time he comes to Miami. Yeah. Like, like that, that, that excitement and, and, and that pureness and, and Oh, it's, it's, I don't even know. Matter of fact, it's so funny. I'm going back to see him in July. I'm going back to see you. You like opera like that in Italy? Yeah. Oh, man.


What I, I really do. And a lot of people, I mean people, You know, if they think it's weird because I have a, a, a very weird taste in music, especially live when it comes to art, to the arts. Theater, drama, opera, opera, classical blues. Man, I'm, man, I'm, I'm talking about, I'm in, Yeah. I'm like, I'm in. So I'm, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going to Italy to see him live in his, near his hometown. Like July, I think I, I forgot the exact date, but it is, it is. I'm excited. I'm excited. Casey Taylor said, UNC Ocho, I'm an entrepreneur inside the sports card market. If you could have a one-on-one card with three athlete, three other athletes, what three athletes would you want on the card with you?


Any sports, any era. That's good. Jordan Broun, Tom Brady. That's a good one. Damn. What would I want with me? You know what, me people in the chat probably wouldn't know. Mario Belli the third one. Hey, they don't say there ain't no sports fingers.


Mario Belli. Oh. Oh, okay. Soccer guy. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm trying to think of someone that resonates with me and my style of play. When I was playing, I thought you was talking about, I thought you was talking about Michelle. Oh, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Hey, remember, remember, remember Nigel Morgan? Yeah. No. Ni Wait, is it Nigel? How, how you say her name? Ni what? The soccer player? No, no, no, no, no. Baseball was was real funny. Act a fool. All the time. I'm, I'm probably saying his name wrong. He played with the Brewers. He was hilarious. Unc very entertaining. Oh, I can't think of his name.


I don't know who you talking about. Don't Joe. I know the check. Gotta no check. Gotta know who I'm talking about. I can't see it. Hey, UNC, I'm talking about entertaining. You know how Manny, Manny Ramirez was entertaining? Yes. Yeah. Or they didn't just play baseball. Right. You gotta watch because you ain't know. You ain't no telling what he gonna do. True. I wanna, oh, Joe. Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. I can't think of the dude's name that somebody in the chat. I know they said it. I gotta have a baseball fan in the chat. The funny guy played with the brewers. Nigel Ni, Nigel Mo. I don't know, but that he would be the Yeah, him. He'll be the third person on the card. What's up guys? Sir Casey, what's up guys?


Ocho words and Bpe ranked all time and us. Why does it seem like Giannis and Dame hasn't worked as a duo and the son's trio? Where do you got in Bape rank? Hey, and, and Bape ranks really high. He's he's really high. He's in the class with Christiano messy Nemar. No, he ain't that high. Ocho stop. He, I I'm I'm saying he ranks up there. Yeah. Yeah, he does all time. He's up there on and Bape is a and ain, he watching Bape play. Yes. Especially right now. And Bape is on fire right now. O Joe after a slow, after a slow start, when he got real Madrid to where he is now, O Joe and Young Bull is on fire. Yes Sir. That's like saying Shea Gil just because he is having a great seat in beef playing welded last couple years.


He ranks up there with LeBron Jordan. Listen, bird Magic, that's what he's asking all time. Not currently all time. What about Palley? What about Mar? Great, but Oh, this, He's not there. He's not there, but he's going, he the trajectory of which he's going to Be one of the, right now He's, he he's the best right now. Is he better than Ronald? Ronald Dino. Oh, that's Exactly all time. We're not See you just looking at him. Right. President, You, you talking about See you, it's, it's difficult to ask that question is in Bape better than Ronald Dino? We, that's, that's He ask you where does he rank all time?


You could say, well, he all time. I think he'd probably be top 10. But you got it with Aldo and Massey and Ronald Dino and Pane and Marona. You acting like in Bape and just some slouch. Oh, Joe, you're talking about the five of the greatest soccer player, foot footballers ever. Do you Understand BAPE will go down is one of those as well. Is he there right now? So if his career right now, would they put him in the top five if his career ended right now, is he top five? No. Okay. It's too early. He ask you all time as in right now, and Bape, where do you have it, Right?


Probably top 10. Thank you. Well, that's so hard. Yeah. I don't think you understand how good he is though, but I you right. I do understand how good, but do you understand how great those other ones were? Yeah, I watched him. Okay. I know I watched him. Okay, I'm just checking. Yes, sir.


That concludes this edition of Nightcap Ocho brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Y'all like my sign back there? Ocho Ocho. Go to his grandmother and get his, I'm going to get it. I'm going to get mine in the morning. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. I'm your favorite, unc, that's your favorite n the Bigos Ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your continued and loyal support. Check out shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock and if you can't find it any city or state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to you. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Check out our media company page on all of his platform.


Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. We just dropped the Super Bowl show shirts and hats. The Lincoln's pen in the top of the chat supplies are limited. And remember, once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours now. Thank you. Pastor Tan, defensive player of the year, and my good friend Earthquake for joining us Tank Davis had technical difficulties. Hopefully we can get him on the show Sunday or Monday after his fight with Lamont Davis. Lamont, excuse me, Lamont Roach on Saturday. Again, thank you guys for joining us. I'm he's Ocho. We will see you Sunday. Sunday. Join. Time out, bro. Yeah, I'm headed to Houston in the morning.


The Volume


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is. Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025, JP Morgan Chase and Company,


The New Year's here. It's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and Toms of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Are You still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now It Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.