
If you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple. Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDI C Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. to be so light on your ear. It just like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with The price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium Wireless ho to Get. 30. 30. Bid to Get. 30. BID to Get. 2020. 20. Bid to Get 2020. Bid to Get. 1515. 15. 15. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give It a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabyte C detail.


ODU is business management made so simple a kid could explain It. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but Odoo, funny word has every program from C RM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but It doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODOO Odoo com.


Good job, Thanks.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like that car ride in your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, Al those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Autotrader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at The same time? Well, multitasking Pro cars like The. Ones in The gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader new cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay, no flying cars. But as soon as they Get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait. Autotrader


The Volume


TD Tudy taking It to The House reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more. At Draftking Sports Book draft an official sports betting partner of The N FL on The ground in The Air from The Special teams or The defense. We don't care ho you score. th we want to bet on touchdowns. And a draft King sports book is The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first N FL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to Odoo your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and Get 250 instantly in bonus bets and Get. One month free of N FL plus premium. Download The Draftking sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to Get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks and Get one month free of N FL plus premium only on DraftKings The. Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite of Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite. Number 85 Liberty City Zone. Cincinnati Bingo, ring of Fame Honoree The Pro Bowler The Al Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And Odoo us a favor, go subscribe to The Nightcap podcast feed wherever you Get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts and matters and we thank you guys for Ma mattering and helping us matter over The last year and a half. So much appreciation for that. Check out Shay by La Portier. We have It in stock. We hope to be in 14 to 16 states by The end of The year.


If we're currently not in a state or sitting near you, you can order It because we Odoo have It in stock and we will ship It directly to your door. Please go follow my media company page on Al platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 th on and OCHO teams are back in stock. I repeat th on and OCHO teams are back in stock and people have been texting us, tweeting us, and DMing us, letting us know they have started to receive their merchandise. So thank you for your support and thanks for your patience. Please go vote for us in The Signal Awards. Nightcap is nominated for two awards, best Live podcast recording and best co-host team.


We're currently in second on Bose of those. Voting is open until midnight October 17th. And just like The webby, you have to create an account and then verify It with your email. Again, you have, you must create an account and then verify It with your emails. Club Shay is also nominated for three awards, popular culture and variety show Best Athletes Shaping Culture Show and best individual episode Best guest, Kat Williams. So thank you guys for your voting. Thank you guys for your support for Bose, Nightcap and Club Shesha OCHO Let's Get It right to It The. Bill snapped their two game, their two game losing streak. If I'm not mistaken, Josh Allen has yet to lose three consecutive games in a sloppy game.


They saw 22 accepted penalties and three missed field goals. Josh Allen threw two touchdowns. Ray Davis counted for 152 total yards to leave The Buffalo Bills to an four and two while The Jets fall. A two and four Belichick took shots at Woody Johnson, which lets you know he's not going back there. I don't know. What made people think he would go back there. Remember he signed The contract and they said, nah, I'm good. And they ended up going to New England and New England had to give up a first round pick for him. So we know he was never going to go coach for Woody Johnson. Yeah, I'm not a big, oh, I'm not a big fan. I'm not a big Jets fan. In case you don't know that.


I thought Coach Solo really did a good job with this team team. That's kinda what's been there with The Jets. They barely won over 30% of their games in The last 10 years. The owners being The owner ready to fire an name. Hmm. Ocho when you look at this game, yeah, 2320 The Bills win clearly in first place, not their four and two Jeff Fall The two and four What. Did you like What, didn't you like Hey What did I like, I liked The game in general. It was a good goddamn game. It was a very good game. The referees threw a little bit too much laundry. I wish they would Get outta The way and let th play us play. Lemme ask you a question On, on every play before you go, before you go on every N FL play.


If you wanna be technical, you can throw a flag on every play. There's something that goes wrong. There's a holding, there's some type of penalty on every single play. unc, especially in interior, you can Odoo that. I'm not gonna say they were biased because they did play, they did call It Fair and spurts some for The bills, some for The Jet, but I think It was just a little bit too much. And It messed up The Florida game, especially when teams had advanced and gotten first downs and The calls were coming back. But go ahead and I ask What, you gonna say, But when you, when they read back and replayed It ho, egregious What where they like, yeah, they should, they got a call that ocho They was, they were spinning The man. Yeah, The guy tried to reach and you turn It you can't turn It, you gotta let him go.


Yeah, that one. Alright. Some, some of some of The calls, some of The calls in The. Secondary It was like, it's like, it's like it's, it's 50 50, you know, Get your head around. Huh? I said Get your head around. Yeah. Not, yeah. The one. Oh, DJ Reed gotta Get your head around. But again, he didn't impede him in any way. The receiver was coming back towards him. Yes. Coming back towards him. So I think, I mean, It just like Stu stuff like that, you know, it's, it's still The game of football. And I think The ref just threw too many goddamn too many damn flags. But on th on The other hand on The other hand of that, listen, The Jets win this game. Field goals as a kicker. I understand The pressure, understand The win. You play for The win, you kick, you kick with The win Understand which way is is blowing and lead just a little, a little towards The The opposite way The wind is blowing and The Ball will carry right into The goalpost.


Yeah, it's, listen, I'm, it's not, it's not, it's very, it's difficult. It's easier for me to sit here and say It sitting at home as a kicker myself. But again, penalties, they had a just had over 11 penalties, but goddamn hundred some goddamn yards. But The game could have, they, they could've won The game. They could've won The game because The two field goals that they miss, they would've been up by six. So The score would've been What 23, 20 26, 23. They Would've won by three as opposed to losing by three. Where is The thing? The Bills missed The field goal. Also. Also. Yeah, you're right. They did. They did. So now you looking at 26, 20 It may pop potentially overtime, but when you look at The jets, and this is What I was afraid of What happens when you say we are quarterback away, right?


You're under The. Assumption is your defense is gonna be lights out like It was The previous year and they're not. Wait, they know they're not. They they know they, they number two now, you know It is, It is, it's shaky as It. Look tonight they, they, they're still ranked number two defensively in The N FL right now. Ocho Yeah. The Bills ain't got nothing but Josh Allen. Yeah, I know. I knew you was gonna say that. I don't know. I, Josh, Josh got that cape on, man. He's basically Superman. He is. And The last player of The game. Yes sir. 72. You got one responsibility, you got contained backside. Right. Tell me why you down inside. I just need to know because that's not your responsibility. Let Let Josh Get right. Told you gonna be looking at you say, son, why didn't you play your responsibility?


Because you're trying to Odoo somebody else's job. Right? You didn't Odoo your job and now you let The cows outta The barn. Had you just done your job Ocho right now you got, now you Odoo Get 'em off The field, you use your time out, you gonna Get The ball back. But because you wanted to Odoo someone else's job and got The First down, you Didn't Odoo your job. Yeah. And boom. Yeah. Ty Smith got his ass whipped tonight. Hey Ho ho in The hell was that Goddamn D and Tyra Smith ho was going against Eff Sia Spencer. Hey, I don't, I don't, I don't know What It was, he never got Tyra Smith on The first move.


But The second and third move It It looked like Tyra Smith's legs were in concrete. It's like he couldn't, he couldn't move. Kick, Kick, kick. Listen, I don't play, I don't play left tackle, but I know you kick, kick, kick that third kick you hunker down at The point of attack. You extend your hands and be able to move laterally left and right based on whatever moves he make. It's like his feet. It's like his feet was in God concrete. He Couldn't move. Injuries is taking his toll on him. He's lazy. He's lazy with his hands. The first move, The first time lazy With his feet. If you saw his foot were Yeah, Ocho. And then they run a play. They got two guys.


He's pulling The. Yeah, He whiffed Ocho He just kept Running. He just kept running. He didn't even try to Get The car. I know exactly. What play you talking about. I I I don't know. He was bad Tonight. I'm I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not one for calling things out, but watching replays and watching, watching It on film, it's like, well, come on now. This dude, this dude is embarrassing you as The left tackle. You supposed to be that boy. You are The you are The money position. You are The blindside of The quarterback. You gotta Odoo better than now. Man. That man whipped his ass. Aaron Rogers. Aaron Rogers like What The. Heck, you are supposed to be our best offensive lineman.


Oh yeah, most definitely. We won a biding war against a lot of teams. Because look, he's an Al pro. He's been an Al pro. He's been to a lot of Pro Bowls. Ocho tonight just wasn't his night. Right. And, and, and we've But Whether It tonight wasn't his night or was The person he was going again just that much better Or was It just The off night though? Different Let's hope It let's hope it's an off night. Okay. I go with that Because you can't have very many of those at ocho. Yeah, because you playing The position, you Get your quarterback hurt because he, I mean he went by, he went by to Smith so fast one time.


Roger was just shaking his head like What What The. Yeah. Yeah. He got up. He got up. Yeah. He It looked so funny. I don't mean to be laughing. I don't mean to be laughing, but he got up. I know exactly. What play you talking about. And It looked so funny when Aaron Get up and I think they might have threw a flag on that plate too, for putting his weight on. For putting his weight on him. I, I don't, I I mean What you supposed to Odoo Ocho hold on. He fi he just, he fixes his helmet when he getting up and It just looks so funny. You could see The disgust in his face and he doesn't wanna show any type of mannerism. 'cause he know The camera's on him right away. But you could, you could see It in his body language. Aaron like god damn man. Yeah. And you know, The Cowboys everybody like, you know your cowboys moved on but The injuries.


Yeah. I mean T Smith hadn't played a whole season for The Cowboys in a very, very long time. Right. Age and attrition will catch up with us Al because remember ho they used ho Physical, they used to be Ocho running The ball with Zeke. Yeah, Yeah. Ty Smith is not The. Same Zach Martin who's still there. He isn't The. Same Karen Steele has, you know, kind of been, he was like a journeyman, you know, like a swing tackle that be, that got thrust into The starting lineup. Right. But Ty Smith night boy ho he ain't gonna watch that film. Yeah. He ain't gonna watch that. And You know, and when, when I look back at It too, looking at some of The replays there. The Jets are a few plays away.


Guy Goddamn Tyler Rap, did I say his name right? Tyler, Tyler Rap. Rap. That boy, that boy there. He say The game too. Yeah. He say It again. That The play on Mike Williams. Hell of a play on Mike Williams. Where he slipped The play on Garrett Wilson. No, that was Tyn Johnson that intercepted that ball on, on Mike Williams number seven. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. But The play, The play Rap made, he made The play on Garrett Wilson in The End zone in The end zone. That, that should have been six The play he made on The tight end as well. Aaron Hall to make sure he didn't use his head that that was another It would've been a first down. And you stopped Bree Hall at like The five yard line. You Stopped me up. So Bree didn't score. Hey Bre cost me my parlay.


Why ho Because he ain't score. You didn't score Ocho. Hey you be, you be you play you you play fantasy like gamble And stuff. I be try, I be trying, I be trying to Odoo a little something with, with DraftKings. Okay, okay, okay. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like That. I'm trying to figure out Brief Hall. You see The guy got The angle on him. You can outrun The angle. Right. Go pretend like you about to go to The, middle of The Field and then go. Yeah. Oh Lord. Oh. I think you know, I think Bri might have been a little tired too. 'cause It was late in The game. Bri is hey brief, like I'm, I'm not saying he's Chris Johnson fast, but he got speed like that Now bro. That was in The third quarter ho The. Hell you tired And then he come out The game bro.


You don't let nobody Get your touchdown. Yeah, he was tired. He was tired. That's ho I told you see I told you he was tired. He was retired. He a workhorse now. Yeah. I just, but The problem is. Yeah. Is that when you look at The Jet Ocho? Yes sir. They Odoo a lot of clutching and grabbing. They gonna Get a lot of, they gonna Get a lot of holding. They gonna Get a lot of unnecessary Oh, little contact. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Hey, I, I wish, I wish, I wish if you gonna be up there and you go play press boom point of attack, stab, stab whatever you Odoo as and footwork as and footwork on The waist. That's It and It. It is really hard.


Most of The time because you Get away, you Get away with It when you're in practice and you build those bad habits and practice of being really handsy and hands on. Yeah. You Get into The game and It ain't flying The ref ain't having that. You got to use make re moment. Your tip, your keys use your eyes and your feet. Your feet, your feet gonna save you every time. Your feet will save you every time. Did Reed Get injured or did they bench him? No, his groin. Huh? Okay. His groin, man, he went to The Blue tip something about his Groin. Oh did he? I didn't. I didn't, I didn't sir. I didn't sir. I guess I must have stepped away because I saw 26. I saw 26 was in The ballgame. So I figured either he got bench or he got, he got nicked.


Yes. His groin. His groin DJ Reed's been playing real well Al year. Except, except for some of The, some of The calls, some of The calls. The holding The hotel. Yeah, but see that's The thing guys in practice say bro, they gonna call It in The game. Right. Right. You talk about I'm crying and then when you Get in The game, you looking at The jumbo truck. Stop looking at The board. You did that, you did It and I told you It was gonna happen. Yeah. I, I like, I like It though. I like listen defensive back is, The is The most difficult position to play on The field. I I say that and I say It Al The time. You got Al these you got Al. These fast receivers, strong, powerful, you know, they know where they going. And The DB is doing everything as fast as they can backwards.


So sometimes calls are gonna happen and you, you just listen. You gotta be technically sound as The db. Yeah. Every fucking, oh, I'm sorry. Every time you line up you can't play every receiver The. Same. Sometimes you gotta give a little ground based on ho you're playing. You gotta understand What, they're good. What What. They're not good at if they big and strong you, you can Get into 'em. If they quick and fast hell you about, you gotta shadow. You gotta understand ho you playing against and play 'em differently. You Get up there and you try to play everybody The same way you gonna Get whooped and you gonna have to hold, Well you can't play even The receiver that you, you can't give 'em The. Same look. Yeah. You can't give a quarterback The same look defensively. If I a wide receiver, I can't give The db The same look rights. I gotta change It up.


Right. That's The problem though. Unc I don't think most of The DBS in The N. FL you have to be really good based being able to Odoo things outside of The scheme. They want you, like if you supposed to be head up, yes baby head up. If you're supposed to be a shade outside or a shade inside, you better be a shade outside of shade inside. I don't think they have The freedom to Odoo some of The things that they like that you're talking about to confuse The receiver and Get 'em The thinking before The snap of The ball. Right? Because it's outside of What, they're allowed to Odoo as far as It, you know, you know ho deep coordinators are right. You're supposed to be shade inside. You gotta be shade inside every time. But here's The thing, you Can't Odoo nothing unless you're elite like that. Don't, don't change up What. They want you to Odoo.


Okay, I'll let you Odoo your, I'll let you Odoo your thing and then you Get beat, beat, beat, beat, beat. Then What. People gonna be looking at my defense, talking about my defense Raggedy when The actuality you are not playing The technique that we taught Al week. Bingo. Yeah. So that's What. People need to understand is that, look, I'm gonna Odoo What, I'm coached to Odoo right now. If It doesn't work, that's on you, Right? Because I did What, you told me to Odoo. And, and if you're good enough, just adjust and adapt and Odoo What. You Odoo And make and Odoo What makes you comfortable. Odoo What makes you comfortable. Yeah. Odoo What makes you comfortable. Go Get.


You beat being comfortable. Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from The Fade, this podcast, we got a great episode coming up, picks in Al, The sports, football, basketball. We Odoo 'em Al. But here's a preview of this week's episode and I'm supposed to really care Whether or not. Camera Rising plays well, here's The. Big difference. Al, right? And what's The spread? Utah is a six point favorite. Okay? So they're so teams are four and one. They're going to Tempe. It's Friday night, Billy, Friday night. Weird things happen happen. Tempe, Scottsdale, most beautiful people on, on The Planet. At least on The Women. I don't, I haven't looked seen The guys. I don't think there's gonna be a lot of people at this game. 'cause they're gonna be like we are in, we're in like The most beautiful people place.


Why am I watching to see if Cam Rising plays or not? Yeah, they have Cam rising exhaustion too. Yeah, they're, they're tired of It. They want other things to rise. So, oh, there It is there. So I think that's gonna play into Utah's hands. Okay. They're gonna rise into Utah. And Arizona State is not going to have people there. So I'm going to go Utah Coverage six. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Look Around, you can find cars like these on Autotrader, like that car ride in your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, Al those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Autotrader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at The same time? Well, multitasking pro cars like The, ones in The gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader new cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay, no flying cars. But as soon as they Get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you. Wait Autotrader.


Hello It is Ryan. And we could Al use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing The dishes, counting your steps, you know, Al The mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has Al your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free time anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MS N B C has The in depth coverage and analysis you need Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election. Tuesday November, fifth on MS N, B C


Paramount Plus is your home for The Uafa Champions League. The Best Club Soccer tournament is back and it's bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in Al. The Club Soccer has a whole new format. And this year's Champions League has giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from The world's most beautiful game. Next step, we got Real Madrid versus Doman on Tuesday, October 22nd. And then Barcelona versus Byron on Wednesday, October 23rd is Champions, plan Champions. And here in The states, It Al takes place in The middle of The Day in The, middle of The week. So now you have a reason to look for The Tuesdays and Wednesdays because nobody watches The UFA Champions League like us. Paramount Plus is The home of The VA for Champions League Stream every match, live exclusively on Paramount. Plus try for free@paramountplus.com slash live Sports


Ocho, check this out. Yes sir. We got new animation and it's s time for Newscap. Newscap. Hey. Yeah, I like It. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Hey, you know What before, before we even go into Newscap, I want to add one more thing for The bills and just game. There's one thing that, there's one thing that I, that that should happen. I'm not sure What The powers that be a waiting on, but I think The addition of Devonte Adams, if It can happen at any point, The addition to him, to that just team will help boast that offense and giving Aaron Rogers another threat and adequate that, that i, that he knows he can count on and can win every goddamn down.


I just had to throw that out there before we, we, we continue. Oh, so I don't know. I The The The The The Football Gods. If you're listening, let let, let's make that happen. I thought tonight I thought Lazar, I thought he and Garrett Wilson are starting to Get on The same page. Yeah, they play really, really well. Obviously Alan Lazar knows him. He played with him in Green Bay, so he knows, I mean that throw down The Middle for 24 yards. Not a whole lot of receivers, unless you play with The quarterback knows that he's gonna back shoulder this thing to me and I'm gonna need to a, it's gonna be low and it's gonna be on my backside and I'm gonna be able to have to go dig It out. But that comes from experience that comes from playing with a guy.


But if, if Devonte were to go there, I mean, hey, somebody gonna be The odd man out. 'cause obviously it's not like they're going to throw The ball 50 times a game. Mm. So The question is ho healthy is Devonte ho soon he gonna be able to Get on The Field. I know he's been out for a couple of weeks. Oh, he, he, I'm, I'm sure he healthy. I don't think he hurt. He eat Taco Bell. Okay. Taco Bell. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't think, I don't think he, I don't think he hurt. I'm talking about he gonna hit The ground running, you know. But anyway, Mike, Mike McCarthy says his cowboys relish, The chance to bounce back at The end of The day. If we totally don't believe if's about us, he'll always be about us and play to ho we are and What.


We Odoo and ho we Odoo, It. Then we're gonna go and where we want to go. And I believe we will. I think this is an opportunity that we relish. I know It, I relish It and I think they Odoo too. I think this is an excellent opportunity for our young guys to continue to play because this will pay forward. In my experience, it's Al It always has. When you play young players this much and you play this many different players, this much, I think it's going The long. The long game definitely. And have a chance to be very bright. Yeah. I like It. Listen Mike McCarthy has to say those things. You gotta say everything you can. You gotta say everything you can. You can't say What, you really wanna say shit.


We playing like shit. He can't come out and say that. But this is good. This is good for The Cowboys. This is good for that. They're on a bi week, you know, to, to kind of to patch up The bleeding a little bit. Stitch up, stitch up The The wound. And listen, It don't Get no easier for The Cowboys on. If you look at The next three games, hell look at The next five games. But I'm, I don't wanna look that far ahead. Just look at The rest of The games after The. Bye week one game at a time. And The first one you got coming out The bye week. You gotta hit The Ground. You gotta hit The ground running. You got come out looking completely different. Especially defensively. Defensively you gotta come out looking different so your team ain't playing from behind.


The Cowboys have played 14 damn near almost two to one points from behind. And I think What maybe The last three games almost something like that. So they always playing from behind. And for one day ain't no goddamn running game. Ain't no running game and they have to throw The ball and throw The ball and throw It. It ain't gonna work. It ain't gonna work. Well that's What ha That was when you can't run The ball and you can't stop The run What Odoo. You expect to happen. Yeah, I mean, I I don't know What Jerry was thinking, I mean, at some point in time you can sell people Al you want to, but when they purchased The product, they wanna see if It works. Yeah, What happened. It ain't working for ho Long, But ho long have The Cowboys fans been believing It.


So why should I tell you another story when you believe The one I've been telling you for 28 years. Well, you know, What, that's like a woman that's dated 20 minutes. It didn't work out right, but for some reason she still believed there's one out there because she's a hopeless romantic. So maybe The Cowboys fans are hopeless romantics and they, they Believe they're hopeless delusional. Oh, so it's not hopeless romantic. It's more delusion as opposed to being hopeless. I mean, could, I would like to think, say, you know, What, if we've been to an N F C championship game, okay, if we've been to The Super Bowl, right, they can't Get past The divisional round in 28 years. But fact that they're even The fact that they're even able to Get to divisional round each and every year. That's promise. That's hope. No it's not. That's lose. You don't think so?


No. Oh man, The Lions got to The championship game. Look ho many teams have gotten to The championship game since The Cowboys of Lance gotten to The championship game, Right? No, that's not promised because you know, every year they're gonna Get they're going to either loot, they're not going past The divisional round. You know that if The Cowboys make The playoffs, they're not going past The division round Whether. They have to go on The Road or play at home. It doesn't matter. You Get beat 48 to 20 something at home in a playoff game At that Packers game.


They, they couldn't stop The bleeding though. Unc, that goddamn running game boy, I don't know. What The hell was going on. They Couldn't stop The bleeding against The Saints. They couldn't stop The bleeding against The Ravens. They couldn't stop The bleeding against The team. They just played. Yeah, that's why they got The bi week. So they in surgery right now, they stitching up, they stitching up The wound. Guess What, they stitch The wound. So when you come back and you go to war, you hope, you, hoping you Get The. Marcus Lawrences back. I'm sure Michael Parsons will be back. You know, you Get, you Get some of The players that might be injured, a little nicked up. They, they recovered, they Get a little healthy and you Get ready for that second half of The season. That's What. I call It. I call It bi week The second half of The season. Now football really doesn't start depending on ho far ho ho far behind The eight ball.


They Odoo fall football does not really start for The Cowboys or any other team until after Thanksgiving. Now that's football season. The bag gonna rush for 150 yards on th this week. So I know What The 49 ERs gonna Odoo to The answer in two weeks. So,


Ocho, before we Get to our next segment, we wanna talk about Farmer's. Dog makes, makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door. I am a customer of Farmer's Dog, my dog Titus and Teddy Bear, they eat It. It's developed by vets made with fresh real meat and veggies. Now Titus Eats about five bags a day. Teddy Bear eats five. Well, he's 175 pounds, so he's gonna eat a little bit more than Teddy little six pounds ass. Wait, Where he at? Put put him on camera? No, nah. He, he, he, he in training. Oh damn. I I team, I i in here next week. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Teddy Bear kind of spoiled. He likes It because it's made, I mean, you can Get It with beef, you can Get It with chicken, you can Get It with Turkey. And so we have to, we, we food teddy bear. So we put It, like we have It on. I put It on my plate and then I drop It on It Drop It in his bowl. He like, yeah, yeah, yeah, this here good right here because you think he eating table food. You, you know, What, I'm thinking about What like, now that you talking about Farmer's dog, I think I'm gonna Get a dog for Christmas. What kinda dog. You gonna Get? I don't know. And I that chat, chat y'all talk to me like, you know, I have six months. I'm home, six months, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not traveling. I mean six months. I'm traveling six months during football season. I'm not here. I'm thinking Christmas. I'm surprised. I wanna surprise, you know, my youngest daughter French Fry with a dog. So What Odoo you think What Odoo you think I should Get? What Odoo. You What Odoo you think and listen, I she loves dogs. You know, ho I feel about It. You need be because, Huh? You need to be home because The first six months, The first year is The most important part of a dog life. Socializing, It, understanding It, getting It on a schedule, getting It house broke, getting It into a routine, right? The first six to six months to a year is The most important time for a dog, right? So I'm gonna be home though. That's why I said in Christmas, you know, foot once football season ends, I'm home in The next six Months. But you're not home after Christmas. What about those next two months, you Get The dog. Christmas football season is over until The middle of February. Oh, they Gonna travel with me. They gonna be my my support dog. Okay. Food is free portion based on The, unique nutritional needs of your dog. So that's, that's The best part about It, obviously. Yeah, Titus is a lot bigger. So he needs more calories, he need more dense nutrition and they Odoo a great job. Get 50 Get, great job. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at Farmers Dog com slash Nightcap plus you Get free shipping. Just go to Farmers Dog Odoo com slash Nightcap to Get 50% off. I love It. Hold on, I'm gonna Get a packet. You can see this. This is ho It comes got Teddy's names on It. Obviously titles has his name on It. This is Turkey. Like I said, they have Turkey beef and chicken. I think Teddy's a little bi, I think he's a little partial to The, The Turkey and The beef. Titus likes It Al. But Titus eats about five bags of beans a day. Maybe six. Teddy eats like four spoons fulls a day. He's not much of an eater, but we understand that, that he doesn't require The nutrition that Titus does. But it's very good food. I had to be sold on It, so they shipped me some. I let The dogs try It because time like Odoo you have, it's a gradual process because your dog has been eating something for an extended period of time. You don't want to introduce something new. Totally. So you introduce a little bit of It while still giving him some of his natural food. And then as you go along, you give him less and less of What he normally eats and more and more of The new stuff. And so that's The way you don't upset his stomach, you don't Get him too much out of a routine. And then before you know, It, he's eating The new stuff and he's totally disregarded The old stuff. So that's The way I I went about It with, with my dogs. And It worked out very well for th I'm sure it'll work out well with you. So go to Farmers Dog dot com slash Nightcap to Get 50% 50% off your first order.


Sirianni apologizes for yelling at Eagle Boo Birds. I was trying to bring energy and enthusiasm yesterday and I'm sorry. And disappointed at my ho my energy was directed at The end of The game. My energy should be Al in on coaching, motivating and celebrating our guys. And I've gotten, I've got to Odoo a better, have better wisdom and discernment of when to use that energy. And that wasn't The time. We seem to lost Ocho. Yeah, look, I Get It sometimes in The spur of the moment. But Nick, you Odoo realize those are your fans. And if, if he had taken this approach, like during The course of The Week, you know, so forth and so on.


Or maybe if It was at a visiting team and you want to hush those guys up, but not your own fans. I mean they root for you. They cheer for you. You had said that they helped you guys Get some false start penalties. And then at The, end of The game, you win. It wasn't that convincing, but hey, at The end of The day, a win is a win. And that's What you, that's What, you Odoo. That's, that's What came to your mind. So, you know, What, we want a game. Let me shut these fans up. I just don't Get It. I mean he needs to understand. He's playing in Philly, he's coaching in Philly. Those fans are different. They don't like front runners. They like hardworking blue collar guys that picked up that, that go to work every single day.


And look, I don't have to accept his apology. I Odoo though. I'm not, I'm not in Philly. I'm not Jeffrey Laurie or Howard Roseman or The fans in Philly. It'd be interesting to see if The fans in Philly accept his apology. But he just had, like he said, he used to needs to use better judgment and discernment when going about something like this because it's not It is, he's a head coach. He's not a player. He's not a fan on fan interaction. He's The head coach of The Philadelphia Eagles and It It just wasn't a good look. And so, I don't know ho you guys in The chat think, but he needs to, he needs to understand those are your fans.


Those weren't Cleveland Browns fans. Those were The Philadelphia Eagles fans. Those were The guy team. Those fans paid their hard earned money to come cheer root and support The Philadelphia Eagles. And then you carrying on yelling and screaming at th about oh ho you, I don't know What he was saying, but I'm just saying just you going back and forth with th I don't understand The good or What he thought would come out of this, but hopefully learns a valuable lesson and he learns from this and he moves on and It doesn't happen again. But it's not, it's not a good look. It's, it's definitely not a good look for him. I'm sure Mr. Lu ho owns The team. Or ho Roseman, who's The general manager.


They probably had a conversation with him last night or this morning. Like, this is not What. We expect from you, we hold you to a higher standard and we expect you to conduct yourself in a manner that would have The utmost respect of someone in your position. Can you see Me? Yeah. Hey ma'am. The, wi The. Al, The whole wifi just went out, man. Pay your bill. Nah. Huh? It's 12, it's 12 o'clock at night. It's 12 o'clock at night at, I think it's a something something storming over here in The in The area. I'm at, I can't hear It. Ain't no wifi came. I ain't know why. Well, I guess wifi came with maintenance because, you know, back weekend, but after seven o'clock, but after nine o'clock you got, we you got made as free anyway.


Nah. Hey, can you see me? I look really dark, huh? Oh, you was born that way? What The. Hell, you mean you look, you are I'm just saying, I'm just saying. I'm trying to make sure my light is okay so people, people can see me. We can see you. Okay. Okay. Okay. We good? We good. We back. We back. We back. We got magnifying glasses out, but we see you. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here and, and my TV state television, television signal lost. Every, everything is out. My pc my PC went out. Damn. We gotta, we gotta rec we gotta rectify this situation.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like that car riding your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, Al those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Autotrader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at The same time? Well, multitasking pro cars like The, ones in The gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay, no flying cars. But as soon as they Get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait.


Autotrader


Chba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play time, play anywhere. Play on The train, play at The store. Play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and Get daily bonuses when you log in. So What, are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more Live The Cmba life at Chumba Casino dot com Pgw group, no purchase necessary board. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus


The 2024 presidential election is here. MS N B. C has The in depth coverage and analysis you need Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election. Tuesday November, fifth on MS N, B C


Paramount Plus is your home for The Uafa Champions League. The Best Club Soccer tournament is back and it's bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in Al. The Club Soccer has a whole new format. And this year's Champions League has given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from The world's most beautiful game. Next step we got r Madrid versus Doman on Tuesday, October 22nd, and then Barcelona versus Byron on Wednesday, October 23rd. It is champions, plan Champions. And here in The states, It Al takes place in The. Middle of The Day in The, middle of The week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays because nobody watches The UFA Champions League like us. Paramount Plus is The home of The ufa Champions League Stream Every match live exclusively on Paramount. Plus try for free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as The? Number one most difficult life skill to teach. Meet Greenlight The debit Card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Get your first month free at Greenlight dot com slash iHeart.


Sunday was another rough outing for The Cleveland Browns offense. But there won't be any changes made to The quarterback position. Kevin Stefanski told reporters money that he won't be benching Deshaun Watson in favor of Jam Winston following The 2016 loss to The Eagles. I think there were moments obviously that yesterday, I think The Deshaun gives us The best chance to win. You're not winning continues to give us The best chance to win. And we need to play really good offensive football at his position and really at every other position to be What. You think What you What you thinking, huh? What you thinking now, now let's, let's, let's think from a business, a business standpoint, you understand ho those owners are thinking and you know, Kevin Stefanski doesn't pull The strings on that puppet.


If I'm paying somebody that kind of money he's going to play. Even if things aren't going well, I'm gonna try to Get my money's worth until I can't no more. I ain't paying, I'm paying The guy 45 million. I'm paying The other guy five to 7 million. It is like It doesn't make sense. Why would I pay and put him on The bench making 45 million? Yeah. So I mean, yeah, I mean, so What, I mean, why, why would they make a change? Why would they make a change? I mean him saying he, him saying, Deshaun Watson gives us our best chance to win. Is, is is he wrong or is he right? What. You think Odoo you think Jam Winston gives The Cleveland Browns a better chance to win at The quarterback position Ho about this? He gives you your best chance to win, but you're not Winning.


Okay. Not winning. So ho good of a chance is It. Mm. You think maybe it's The, The flat The flashes of brilliance that you see just The flashes aren't as consistent as It used to Be. He says, I think Deshaun gives us The best chance to win, continue to give us The best chance to win. We need to play really good offensive football at his position and really good football at every other position to be successful. Right? No crap, Sherlock. Wow. That is, that is, that is some great coaching. That is, man, that is some motivational stuff right there. We need to quarterback to play good and we need to play good at every other position.


Well, The quarterback has to play The best because he got The ball in his hands. Al The time. He has The ball in his hands every place. So his decision making and everything he decides to Odoo with The ball impacts and affects everyone else around him. Especially offensively hell, even defensively. Because if you make mistakes then they always on The goddamn field on The defensive side of The ball. I agree. Yeah, He's not playing well, Ocho Yeah, but you keep saying Ocho you say he Oh, I I me. I didn't say you. I'm just, I'm just saying I'm, I was asking your thoughts on What, you think should they make a change Ocho after three years? Yes sir. I mean it's, I it's, and I Get It when you yeah, when you invest that kind of money.


Yeah, a lot of times it's just like anything. It's just like with an investment when you put a lot of money into an investment ocho, it's hard to Get off It. Yeah. It's hard to Get off It Ocho because you wanna see some kind of dividend, you wanna see some type of return on your investment. Yes. Sometimes you gotta cut your losses. Mm. That's hard. I Got a question for you. Yes. I got a question for you. So fellas that's in The chat that you listen to me now think about this on much smaller terms, but think about It. You're dating a woman, you've been dating her for two or three years and you're thinking about Al The money and everything. You've invested in this individual and you just, and you keep on, you keep on trying, you keep on trying The thing just don't seem to be working out and going The way.


You'd like It to go in The right direction. But you keep thinking about Al The time. You spent Al The money you spent and invested in this individual. Are you going, are you gonna she her? Are you gonna say, you know, What, I don't want, I don't wanna Odoo this no More. You know why? Lemme tell you why. Because you don't want her to be What. You think she can be with somebody else when you've invested Al that in her. See that's why a lot of teams don't want to Get off said player because What, if he goes and be somewhere else, What, we thought he could be here. Mm. You done bought 5, 10, 15 YSL Gucci bags.


Balenciaga. You done bought a whip. She won't Odoo, right? Damn. But What does. She Odoo right over there. But think about this Don think about this What. If you cut your losses to Get The bags and everything you bought because you can Get that back, right? And then if she does leave and you Get rid of that, think about It not being, that's an expense that is no longer on your, on your tab. It's no longer your, it's no longer on your plate. And that's okay. I Get It. I Get It. That's okay. But a lot of people don't think like that because like you said, you made a heavy investment. It's just like you buy a stock or you buy an investment property. If you don't want to Get off It Ocho because you thought this was The run property, this was going to be your Netflix, this was gonna be your Google, this was gonna be your Apple Apple, right?


Apple your Uber, whatever The case may be, that was gonna be your time to hit a lick. And that's The funny thing when It comes to investing, that's something that we always need to learn and understand. Yeah. everything we invest in, we not gonna Get a return on everything we invest in. We're not going to Get a return on. So you have to know when to cut your losses. You Odoo and it's okay because at some point that loss for you becomes somebody else's responsibility. 'cause they ain't doing right by you. Nine times outta 10, they ain't gonna Odoo right by The next motherfucker either. So if a certain individual, if a certain player looks a certain way, It ain't like Al of a sudden they gonna go to another team and they gonna be magic and Al of a sudden turn around and be somebody else that they're not.


I Get It bro. I Get It at The. End of The Day. Ojo. Look, we've Al. I ain't say Al, but I know I've had to cut losses. What. Yeah. Fuck. Hell yeah. I cut a loss in a minute. Oh, you don't play huh? Ocho It is What. It is Right, right, right, right. You win some, you lose something. Hell, I can't win 'em Al nobody. And I, I see guys in The chat, Chad. Oh, you simply, bro, you don't even know your woman probably bent over right now while you over there bumping. th everybody, nobody Ocho The thing is, no guy thinks it's gonna happen to him or th Oh listen, If you don't, if I, I don't have that.


I, I, well I don't have that kind of ego, unc, I don't have that, that kind of ego It can happen to anybody. It don't matter. ho he is. It can happen to anybody because The funny thing about It based on experience, and I don't mean to be bringing up a past, I didn't mean to be bringing up a past, but listen, we family, we family, I can be honest because I I was on The other side of The spectrum, so I know It can be done because I was number two for years. Stay, stay with me there. I I can talk to y'all 'cause we family. Yeah. So I know, I know What, I know What can happen. I know The lies. I know The tricks. I know The, I know Al that 56 years to experience. So I would never have ego in thinking, oh hell, shit, I'm a It.


Can't happen to me. I fucking fool. I I am not, I am not. It never will be Happens to The. Best of us. Oh yeah. Yes, It does. But you just move, you move on. Hey, you wish her The best. It didn't work out with you and I, I wish you The best and your next journey. But I I I I've been very fortunate. Like I said, I've been with, I've been with my, my agent since 1996. So we coming up on 30 years. Yes sir. Time, I've time. I've lost something. Right? He always tells me, don't never worry about It The next company you work for, they'll pay for It.


Mm. I go, okay, they'll pay for It like that. You gotta Get up off a car, you gotta Get off a X amount of dollars. Don't even worry about It. Puts my mind at such ease. I, but like that if I've gotten older o if I've gotten older, I've become more and more detached from things, cars, money, jewelry, It don't mean It don't mean as much to me as It Once did. Did, yeah. So once, once you could detach yourself from It, Ocho That's freedom. That's freedom. Unc, that's The definition of being free.


Where It don't have a hold on you no more It don't Got you in a choke hold no more. A lot of people, a lot of people can't. Odoo. That's hard. I walk, Hey, I walk away from a hundred thousand, 200,000 like It. They ish. Yeah. It won't even look back. Yes sir. Because that's just ho I am now. That's where I am in my life now. It don't It, don't It don't. It don't mean now you caught o shit in its twenties and thirties. Different ballgame. I spend 500,000 to Get a hundred thousand back because I know you ain't got It. And so I'm gonna put your ass in a crunch. But now take off with It. Right? It don't It. Odoo. It don't, It doesn't bother me anymore because I'm gonna look, I'm like, Hey, my kid, good mom, mom, sister, brother.


Good. I'm great. Take off. I don't care. You just learn Ocho as you Get older things that used to Get you riled up. Yeah. Mean a lot to you. It don't It don't anymore. It ain't worth It. Yeah. It's Not It come a time though. It come a time, time, age, maturity. Think about, think about some of The things. You, you Enjoy and you loved when you was playing. I'm talking about Enjoy you just couldn't Odoo without. Yep. Now man, I, I could care less. See The thing is like when you ask God for something, I ask God for patience. He's not gonna give me patience, Ocho, he's gonna put me in a situation where patience is required.


Mm. ho That's What. He does. Right. He puts you in a situation where What, you're asking for, for is required and you learned. But It took, It took a while for me to Get to that point is going to be okay. Right. And then once I, once I let that go and I start, I stopped thinking about money and It wasn't Man Ocho stuff just, just just started coming, Flowing. Yeah. Just Started coming. I was like, boy, I'm arguing over this.


And he done gave It back to me tenfold. Mm. Man. I say, Hey, hey. Huh? My TV just came back on. Oh, you got that rabbit there? You got that analog tv, huh? Nah, nah, nah. I'm just, I'm just saying you can see th in my sunglasses. My TV just came back. So that mean, that mean The internet. The internet. You can't hear, you can't hear The Storm outside. Nah. Hold on, hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm linking back on so I can Get off this phone. Lemme, lemme see if It Al. I I love having technical di technical difficulties. I'm, I'm sure. See ho I I operate around adversity.


Let's go. No, but you, you, you learn as you, as you Get older ocho stuff that used to bother you and worry. You It don't worry you nearly as much. I don't even care no more. I don't. Oh, there go. Okay. I'm Finn Get off It. Off off. Yeah. You Get off The. Wrong thing y y'all, y'all bear with Ocho. Y'all know he, you know he a little slow. Oh, there you go. Yeah. Mic check. Mic check. Mic check. 1, 2, 1, 2. Man, y'all look man, y'all know Ocho that had The pack 2 cents of clothes for school.


You know he is one of those. Jordan that's Al. I Hey. Hey you. I'm are we back? We back. We back. We back. We back we back.


The, Volume, C, B s This Friday TV's hottest show is Back Fire country returns with a new season where Max Harriot stars is Bodie Donovan now stepping into a whole new world outside of prison. The challenges are more dangerous and The stakes have never been higher. Battling fierce fires and his own personal demons, bodie's still fighting his journey towards redemption. Get ready for explosive action, shocking twists and intense small town drama. Don't miss an Al new fire country C B s this Friday and streaming on Paramount plus part of C B S Premier Week.


What's good Justin Jefferson here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. for more, check out Bose dot com.


Hear that pumpkin that's fall calling and The pumpkin Spice Latte is back at Starbucks. From that first sweater to late autumn weather, it's Al a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on The Starbucks app.


It's Ryan Seacrest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make It easier done than said. Or at least The same. Chumba Casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now. Collect your free welcome bonus at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than The last It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has Al The programs you'll ever need, and they're Al connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything. For a fraction of The price, sign up today at o Odoo dot com. That's o Odoo o.com.