
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's


As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home. Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC equals housing lender licensed than all 50 states NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey, it's me Paige DeSorbo, and I'm so excited to share my new shoe collection at DSW filled with my favorite styles and trends for spring. Because if You know me, You know I'm kind of obsessed with shoes and by kind of obsessed, I mean head over heels. You're going to love these shoes. So snag super cute styles, like cute flats, fun heels, and cool sneakers. From the page to Sorbo Collection right now at your DSW store or csw.com,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boo mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Let's go to a game Buddy Hill and Ja Morant was warned by the NBA about the, the end, the finger gun such, but but again tonight, Ja hit the game winner man. You know who he beat, beat the heat Joe. Yeah man. If you could, if you could look as a veteran played 17, 18 years in his league, if you had an opportunity to sit down with Ja and and part some wisdom upon him, what would you tell him? I'd tell him, Ja, come, come, come spend some time with me. Come get in this hot yoga room And we gonna zap All that little energy up outta you and ain't gonna be none of them.


We ain't gonna be fine no more them girls. We gonna, we gonna get you. Right. Right. But I think that's kind of what the NBA is lacking honestly their veteran presence that can help these young guys. 'cause nowadays you got guys getting drafted and they going to teams and, and and Ja is the guy who they looking up to Is job 23, 24 He 23, 24. And these are the guys who, You know, your young guys are looking up to and emulating and want to be like. So I think you, you gotta have older guys in there man, who can really teach these dudes the rope, show 'em how to be pros on and off the floor. Yes sir. Yeah. Hey Joe, do you think ob obviously you think about players like that that are young like a jaw and some of the other players that around the league.


Do you think, trying to tone down some of the, some of the mannerisms, some of the extracurricular activity and things they'd like to do on the court, do you think that it will take away from their game and what makes them, them being that he's so young and he can resonate with, with the rest of the youth, you think that take away some of that, some of that, that that would make Ja Ja in general? Yeah, I, no, I, I I, I love it. I know they probably gonna try to ban some of the stuff, but I love the antiques and the celebrations and things. So I think that's kind of what makes the game and that's what fans love to see. It's just like in football when, when guys score they love to see the dancing and teams come together. The good camaraderie of teams and fans enjoy watching that.


You know, they don't wanna just see a boring game. They wanna see the excitement that comes with it. So I, I hope they don't eliminate or give technical files for all the excessiveness. Some of it is kinda warranted but man, I ain't gonna lie, Ocho some of this stuff is kind getting outta hand And I watch a lot of AAU basketball. I got a AAU program myself. Yeah. And man, these kids, soon as they hit one shot, they shooting at your head every talking about crazy, hey They spreading the whole building down her joke, Hey, hey man listen, they shooting up the whole gym. So it's, I I love to see the fire in 'em and the competitive nature that comes with it.


But some of the antiques, yeah, they start fights bro. They start fights they ain't playing. Okay, okay. Yeah because OCHO what do Yeah, the younger people see because think about it, all these kids not do, all they do now is shoot threes. They saw Steph three guys three, seven years old, they launching it. Yeah. The same thing with the NFL. Whatever they see them NFL, they see the gritty. They see hey ocho remember they outlawed the throat slash you had K kids at high school, young kids throat slashing throw. So this, this is the same thing. These kids, they want to emulate that. They wanna be that right. And so the NFL and these sports league say, nah, we don't, we, You know, we ain't trying to set that president. We want you to have fun.


Right. And I, And I get it to a certain, a certain extent, but sometimes I think the players do go overboard. And I think they got a responsibility because these young kids look up to 'em. You, you, you, you selling shoes, you selling merch, you selling things. You say, Hey, I want you to, I want you to support me, I want you to be blah blah blah. But then when we do that, ah nah, don't do that. Nah, them kids be bought all the way in everything you do, everything you wear. Right. How you talk, what you do, they follow that. Yeah. And and Ja and, and Ja iss polarizing man. He ultimately could have been or could be the postal boy, the NBA and kids gravitate toward that. Like on say his shoes, his clothes, how he wear his hair.


Like man, I see these kids now with, they dread with they dreads back up in a little ponytails jump. Like, man listen these people, they think he, they think they j Here and because he act the the reason why they like Steph because you see Steph like, damn, Steph like a regular man Steph six too. Yeah I Be Steph. Yeah Ja six too. I can't beat le LeBron man. I ain't finna be no six nine, I ain't finna be no Shaq. I ain't finna be no Yage but I can be Ja I can really grow up to be six two, I can be Steph Curry. Right. So that's why a lot of times people gravitate towards the smaller guys because they see themselves. I could be that. That's why Jordan Right. And Kobe, the smaller guys, they seem to resonate.


Ain't nobody say man I wanna be Shaq, I wanna be Yage, I wanna be Kareem. Why you think don't nobody throw the sky hook the most unstoppable shot that's ever been created And ain't nobody basically threw it since he threw it. They, hey hey, hey And you got all these trainers out here taking these kids through drills. Don't nobody teach 'em how to shoot no Sky Hook man over that left shoulder ain't, hey they ain't teaching that. They teaching that, that between twin side step Haha catch. Yeah. Hey, hey. That's what it is. Yeah. I I Uncle Joe, I I think I I I like it. I understand exactly where y'all coming from but when you got players like Anthony Edwards, players like Ja Morant, I mean Steph is a little different just the way he carries himself And you look at the individual's background and the image that they try to portray, there's a reason why they're special when they play the game of basketball, there's a certain way that they carry themselves.


There's a certain group that they try to emulate or a certain, a certain certain cache and way that they carry themselves and they want to keep that same, that same that. Or when they play the game of play the game of basketball. And I all, all I was saying is there's some things you can eliminate that they do in game. Yeah. I just don't want to take too much away from 'em that makes them who they are. There's certain it factor where the Anthony Edwards and the Jamon that makes them who they are. And I think if you take too much and try to tone 'em down too much, it takes away from their game in general and what they bring. I, I agree. And it's going to kind of dole it down a little bit and make it exactly.


But you Less watchable. I mean they say the game, they say the basketball game has been struggling but You know our stars have been performing, we just gotta keep 'em on the floor. Yeah. And you remember, think about it. Yeah. Well who do the kids love? The guy that, the guy that had a big, no I don't, it's hard to say somebody had a bigger impact than Allen Iversson. Allen Iverson was the first one to start wearing the sleeve all way up. Not damn near everybody wear the sleeve. Allen Iverson, you couldn't go to the store and buy a five x t-shirt because he had done bought 'em all. He the one that he the one And you no 40 jeans because he had 'em on his as He Was the one that trained, they changed the dress code because of him because he was coming.


Oh man. Hey look, you ain't lying. You ain't lying. Hey I had me a few of them tall tees too, but boy look, I remember when the league changed the dress code. Man look we used to come to the plane and sweats flip flops short. Man they took all that away. You had to come that suited than booted. I was like oh my god. Hey guys showed up. Hey Joe, you remember that cable Do that come with Durags. They had the durags. All the tall TI like David Stern said Uhuh y all these corporate sponsors all this money we spending, y'all finna clean this up. Right. Hey Stern wasn't going. He he got everybody right. Hey, I saw Tim Duncan come pick his MVP trophy up with, with flip flops and shorts on.


Hey I remember those days bro. I remember those days. Those good times man. Hey it kind of went, it kind of got back to that job. Yeah you got all the guys are not coming. They they used to. There was a time to, You know, suit, suit, suit. But You know, you see guys still coming with some sweat and man and man say look here, I ain't wear, I ain't spending no money on it. Hey I get all this free gear or I'm gonna wear it. Yeah I'm gonna wear it And you do it After the game John called. Right. He doing his own thing. Ke where a pigeon on national television. Taylor Rooks asked Ja tell me everything about that last POEs possession. Ja say a pigeon was guarding me, go get a bucket and win the game. A j Ja Ja got a chill. Nah, hey kill that. Where that's my guy. He from the crib, he from Little Rock.


Hey we ain't gonna act like that now don't act like that. Don't act like that. Hey, it was a great shot. Kle played great defense. It was a great shot. He made a tough shot, man. Getting The credit. Yeah. Step back. But I'll tell you what I'm, I'm gonna tell you what I think happened in that game. The LA Guard was pesting him and impressing him so much. Yeah. The La Donovan hit. Yeah it kind of turned J to the point to where he was trying to make a point and he kind of turned it on and kind of got it, got got it, got it going. You know what I mean? Yeah. Because he definitely got it going in the second half. He got it going in the second half. Yeah, he turned and because Yeah, He turned up. Yeah because he said They, They Was border me and kind of got to him 'cause I think he had like 27 points in the second half and obviously hit hit the game winner.


So that was exciting. The bucks are coming off a win against Tuesday in which they shot 69% from the field, which was the highest in an NBA game since 1998. And the 58 and 50 almost 59% from the three point range. Is there anybody, honestly Joe, is there anybody really as well as Giannis has played, Cleveland has been the best team in the east record wise, but is there anybody in the east that can challenge Boston? Nah, nah, but I'll tell you what, to start the season, I had the bucks making some noise man.


I know. It is been unfortunate, You know, with Dame going out, You know, with calf injury, the blood clot things and man we can't expect these type of numbers from Giannis every night, man. Right, Right. Man, he played out his mind tonight and them other guys around him stepped up. They had to step up and make plays man, how many SISs he had? 20. Oh man. And here's just like, yeah, he did everything and You know, in, in, in the postseason they don't let you get up and down and Giannis is like, he likes to get up and down. He sees a crack. Yeah. Hey, he like, hey y'all like a roach. He see a crack, he gonna slide through it, not get away from you so you can't sweat it Every Time. Hey, hey, in the playoffs, boxing and elbows baby, you gonna have to pass that thing.


If them boys gonna make, if if them boys gonna make eight, nine threes together, okay we gonna live with that. But you think you finna get to this rim and have a dunk fest all night that we are not Going. 'cause You know when somebody has 20 assists, there are a lot of shots being made. Man. A lot of shots being made man. Yeah it was. And I think everybody chipped in the night. They had a bunch of guys in double figures who made a, who made quite a few threes. So obviously Giannis had it going. If he had 35 points, 20 assists and how many rebounds? We probably had about 18, 17 rebounds. Man, them two. Hey hey Ocho. Them 2K numbers right there baby. Yeah, it, it is. Hey matter of fact I'm gonna, I'm gonna go back to something you just said earlier right?


Real quick and, and it just dawned on me. You said out the east there's no threat for the Celtics at all. Well if there's no threat for the Celtics, basically you're saying they're going back to the NBA finals Basically. Yeah. Okay. Well if they're going back to the NA finals, who do you see them facing? Out the west. Okay. And do they even have a threat out the west, let alone forget the east. Yeah. Yeah. They got a threat out in the west partner. Yeah, they got a threat. I'm who, who that I like, I like OKC bro. I like OKC not only because they got shaa but because all them other dudes around them, they know they role and they defend. They can, they defend, they they sit down, they sit in their chair and play defense OCHO and in in the playoffs.


That's what it's gonna come down to. And what they the youngest team in the NBA 44 Years? Yeah they are, they are Man, they finna, hey, they gonna be getting up and down all night. Sha gonna average probably 42 minutes a game in the playoffs. Yeah, right out of a 48 minute ball game. He probably barely gonna sit down. They ain't gonna do nothing Unless, unless, unless they, unless they blowing them out And You know, you try to blow somebody, You know, try to get some rest like that. But other than that, yeah. Your best players play the nv. Oh, the MVP race is coming down to the wire. SGA is on play pace to win his first scoring title. Right now he's at 32.9 points a game, the Thunder record 64 and 12 to have an outside chance to become the third team to win 70 games in the season. Okay season. Okay. Needs to win out to join the 95 96 Bulls in the 2015 16 Warriors as the only teams in NBA history to win 70 or more games in the regular season.


Meanwhile, Nicola Loki Yoic, they just called him Yolk, is attempted to make history becoming the third player to, he had the third player to win four MVPs in a five year span. Joining LeBron 2008 to 2012, he won four Bill Russell 61 through 65. Unfortunately yo is not gonna win the MVP just like the first guy. Average triple double Oscar Robinson didn't win the MVP in that 61 62 season yo is is averaging 29.7 points a game, 12.8 rebounds a game, 10.2 assist a game. And he is shooting 50, what, 54% from the field and 42% from the three.


And unfortunately Joe, he's not gonna win the MVP Man. That dude is balling outta control. But I'm gonna be honest with you, I I love watching him play. I I love how he plays at his own pace and he make guys around him better too. He's a willing passer. Right. Which makes him harder to guard because You know, if you double team, he gonna give it right up and them dudes making shots around him. Yes. But to be honest, my pick will be shade too. Yeah. I I enjoy watching Shaa. I love his poise and patience, You know, throughout the game. And like I say defensively, he's always gonna be tops and stills. He sits down, he sits down and play defense as well. So I love both players man.


But if I had a vote, mine would probably be Shaa, You Know what's gonna happen? It's gonna be the same situation. Like we go back, Joe And I being a student of the game, you go back and look at that 61 62 season Bill Russell won the MVP but that was the year that Wilt averaged 50 and 25. That was the first year Oscar had a 30 point triple double Jared West averaged 30. Elgin Baylor was was 30 and 18. Connie, you go back and look at that was the great, statistically that was the greatest offensive season on record. Go back and look at those guys and look at the numbers. You're like, hold on. And when you hear like, will average hold, how much did he average or will average 50 25.


No MVP Oscar 30 point triple, He made average hold on 50 and 25. Yes. And he didn't win the MVP bill. Russell won the MVP that season, but Jared West was like 36 and eight. Who else? Who, Elgin, Baylor. Elgin, Baylor averaged Wal Elgin Baylor averaged like 27 and 18 Walt Bellamy a I mean the numbers were crazy. You go look at the top five, the top six guys in the MVP race. Yeah. And probably any other year they win it. But Russell won it that year And I think we gonna go back fi 25, 30 years from now, we gonna look, they gonna pull up the Nicole Yo's numbers and and they're gonna say ain't no hell who if he didn't win the MVP, who did.


Right, right. Because that's the conversation we having now. Like you said, hold on. Will average 50 and 25 and didn't win the MVP? No Boston Bill Russell. Them must have been putting Belt ass. They did. Well they, they, they won must a great title. So Yeah, they put, they, they they told every, they were tearing everybody. Yeah. And then we'll say, y'all, y'all, y'all were f playing with me. Then he came back in average 44 and 27 the next year. Just To let y'all know it wasn't a flute ocho. Yeah, Joe, I remember what up, we talked about this a couple years last year, Ocho is that Melo was feeling some type of way, he say, because they gave the 15 the Yoic and I'm saying, And I said, Joe, bro, they took this man in the second round and when he got drafted they were doing a Taco Bell commercial.


They had no idea he was going to turn out to be this. Because if they had, they took his ass in the first round, you don't run the risk of a, this is a, a, a transcendent player and taking him in the second round if you think you're gonna do anything. But unfortunately they not gonna remember Carmelo wore that 15, that number belongs to Nicole Yoic. Mm. I mean I it shouldn't listen as great as Nicole's playing right now. Hold on. I don't I'm you not erasing what Carlo did in that That man got three MVPs in the finals mvp. I tell you what Joe, who wore 34? Who won 34 in Milwaukee before Giannis Ray Allen. Do you remember Ray Allen at 34 Ocho?


Exactly. I love Exactly. Okay. Hey, Hey, hey, hey. He was a bad boy with that 34. He Was he was. Yes. Gordon off. Yes, yes. But you look at what Giannis is doing, Right? Oh yeah. And yeah, he doesn't even erase that. And we, that's what I don't like about us sometimes, sometimes we become a PRIs a prisoner of the moment And we forget what, what those before us actually did. You know? And I listen, I understand. I I love what joker's doing. I I love it. But we talk about the other 15, we talk about that. We talking about Mr. Mid range And You, Ocho, Ocho, Mr, Mr put the show, Put show the chest. I I get all that. I get all that in 10 years.


Ain't nobody gonna remember that. Just like, you don't remember Ray Allen wore 34 in Milwaukee because of what Giannis is doing. Yeah. Do you realize what Ocho I don't think you realize what this man is doing, having Stu Joe, you played 18, 19 years. You know, I studied the game. I've been following this game since 77, 78 And I know a lot of the history what Yoki is doing. I'm sorry, Ocho. Yeah, I'm Sorry. Hey. Hey. So do y'all think the, y'all think the big man gonna ever come back? No. Yeah. Yeah. If he could. No. You talking about the big no. Hey, He, he gotta be able, he gotta be able To shoot the three. He gotta be like a yoic. You gotta be, you gotta be one of those big, you talking about the big that just run his ass down to the block and play with his back to the basket.


Oh hell no. Yeah. Call and call the ball. No, that, that's the game. The game, the game has changed. That's, that's all. Hey. But I'm saying, You know, once, once in a while, You know, every era we get a guy who come in, he may, You know, he, he built a little different from everybody else. I think if you can dominate, You know, You know, be the size of a seven footer who just unguardable down there, it'll come back. But now they don't train for no more. Exactly. Like don't those guys work on, they post game for real. They all doing pick and pops shooting threes from different spots. So the game is totally different. They don't even raise him like that no more big. And think about it, look at Zach. Edie, man, you saw Zach Edie training, he's shooting three. He is seven four. Look at Mby Weby seven, four and a half.


He's seven five with shooting. Yeah. And he ain't playing with his back kid. The basket. It is over Joe. Right? It's over. If you got a guy seven, five and he ain't playing with his back to the basket. Hey, hey, the game has changed. I like Mby though. I iby. He's a, he's a, he's a freak of nature. You know,


buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk, hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beat Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Smart fans know sports is just a metaphor for life. And in the game of life, confidence is everything I'm talking about. Confident clean you get with wet extra large dude wipes protect your end zone with the best clean pants down wetter just cleans better. No irritations, no dingleberries, no debris. And they come in different pack sizes, including on-the-go single pack wipes that you can take wherever you go. For a home field advantage, dual wipes comes in a variety of scents and sensations like mint chill and shea butter. So don't fumble the ball with tp, stop being a a-hole to your B hole and start using dude wipes. The MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude, wipes, beds, clean pants down.


But go ahead, go ahead. By Lou, Both his girlfriends sat next to each other. Yes, sir. During the game. Oh yeah. Hey, that, that's live. That's live. You Doing that. You send, you send two together Who? Oh, I mean, I mean I would, I I would, You know, I I would And if, if I was, if I was in my day, You know, and if I was still playing like that, You know, I would, it all it is is conversation and being honest and telling the truth because when you, when you bringing in that, that kind of money as a NBA player, You know, you, you will have those that will play like that and have a great understanding now being that I'm over the hill now, You know, and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm working and I'm, I'm in a structured environment, You know, I can't, I can't move like that no more.


But as I see fit during that time, would I be able to do it? Absolutely. Would I have two women that would be willing to do it? Absolutely. You know, and then you, you add, you add you factor in the NBA revenue and salary that you're bringing in. How many women would decline that? Not very many. And he, he ain't just have just no anybody sitting next to each other. Huh? These ain't just no s stragglers now. But we talking about, we talking about eight. Yeah. Huh? We talking about tens. Yeah. What you mean? That's That? Yeah. Would you put it, would you do it? Would you, can you pull it off? Nah, I can't pull it off. No, I ain't never, I ain't never been that, That bold.


Nah, I ain't never been, I I've never been No Fabio Lazar Lafa Lario. I've never been one of those guys that, that could, could do that. Wait, hold on. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Time out. Time out. Now you done played the field for a long time. I don't mean to get in your personal business now. If you can have two women sick court side now I understand you wouldn't do it publicly, so I don't mean to be your personal business. Yes, I'm nosy. So you ain't never had two women before in general, or you just, are you, you gotta be locked in with one. I mean, Ocho to have like Talk, talk to me about it. Have I had two women come to a game? Yeah, but I wasn't dating nobody.


Ah, okay, I see. I see what you're going with. I like that. I like Did they sit together? They, nah. Okay. Okay. So, so, okay, so you hadn't, so you hadn't Yeah, I, I wasn't, I didn't, You know, it wasn't no situation I didn't want no, I didn't want no, You know, And I was Like, You know what, just my luck. Somebody bump into somebody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was like, nah, I'm done with this. Oh, See, see you got, you gotta be able to talk to 'em and, and, and, and have a great understanding because if you tell the truth in the beginning and give them an option whether to stay or go nine times outta 10, they gonna stay anyway and be accepting of the fact that you, you told the truth. I, I'm, I'm just, I'm just telling you, I ain't telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know. I Believe you ocho I believe you.


Oh, I believe you. But yeah, I ain't, that ain't me no more. Yeah. Nah, You know I'm, Yeah. What game I gonna take him to? What, what? I ain't playing. Oh, you talking about now? Yeah, I'm saying where, where can I, where can I take him? That we gonna go and go watch Right now. Let, let, let me, let me tell you something. We have a tour that starts in what, June, right? Yeah, you could have two right there at the show. In the front row. What you talking about? Tickets cost too much? Huh? Who costs too much tickets? If my mama, if I, if my mama gonna be at the show? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mama, come in for real.


Oh, I ain't let my mama come at it. Oh, Hey, I am, I'm excited. I Hey, can you gimme one guess? Can you tell me one guess? No, Not yet. No, I, no, I'm not bringing my mom. My, and plus it's gonna be too late. My mama be in the bed asleep. My mama. Oh, mama, mama, mama. Eight. My mama 82. Okay. Okay. And matter of fact, and this for people, people, if you watching this, people in the chat, when you, when we coming to certain cities, certain cities, especially my city where I'm from, You know, don't ask don't ask your boyfriend no tickets. If you love me, if you love me, like you say you do And you value me in our friendship. Yeah. I need you to support us.


Don't ask me to get don't don't ask me to get you no tickets. Support us. Yeah. Please, please purchase tickets and support us. You know, I I'm, I'm backed up on child support. So anything you give Yeah. Yeah. You know, he help your boy out. That's How Yeah. You know, I, I appreciate that. You know Ojo, when I first started the cognac, I mean Rod Smith, my brother still buy to this day, my brother go to the store. I don't say my brother no, no Cognac. He go to the store buy. Right, right. Rod Smith man. Rod Smith, he was the first one. I think Rod probably purchased like 10 bottles. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, most of my homeboys, they, they support me Bucket obviously. I gifted them, gifted everybody a bottle.


But from that point on, they go buy it. Yeah. But man, tell Sharp to send me a bottle note. I I need my people. I'm telling you ahead of time. My, my people in Philly, my people in Chicago, my people in New York, my people in Detroit, my people in North Carolina, especially my people in Miami. Please, I beg of you. Don't text me. Don't ask me boy. Get your voice from tickets. I know I'm your dog. If I'm your dog, support your boy. Yeah. Because if you had something going on, You know I'm gonna support you. Yeah, For Sure. Gimme that. Do give me that same grace and that love you always talk about having for me when I see you And we dap each other up And we hug. I mean, Ocho I mean every home game they play 41 games at home in basketball.


Them tickets ain't cheap. Yeah. Nah. I remember when I played, I think, oh No, they get, they, oh wait a minute now they too calm. Think Yeah, they get too calm Now. You right, you're right, you're right. Ocho, you're right. Yeah. They get too calm. Yeah, they get too calm. You right now, You know where they sitting. I I don't know where 'em comp seats at. I'm assuming. Well you ain't getting no court, court side comp seats. Oh, absolutely not. You, you finna pay for that. Yeah. And then the fact, I think they, the it is family section though. The, you took the word. That's family section. And see that's the thing, you have one by somebody there this week. Well who you with? Oh, I'm here was you have somebody, whoever. And then they, and then they, when you come out the, when you come out the locker room, everybody looking at you like, ah, mind your business you married.


I ain't right. I have 15 up there if I wanted to. But nah, I, I keep you, like I said, for the most part my family, You know. Yeah. Hey, I didn't have how many my first Like, You know, Girlfriend in college, she didn't come up to one game. And then I really didn't have no, I mean I was just like, get the tickets away. 'cause I didn't have, I didn't have anybody. Right. Hey, can I, I just gotta, I'm, I'm just, I'm starting to think now and things are starting to come to me as I think about just the, the, the scenario and having two women at a game and unc You know, with your experience and people in the chat that have been in relationships just in general.


I Ain't been with no damn two women at once. Oh, you have? Hell No. I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even chance it Now. You couldn't pay me enough. That ain't nothing but that, that ain't nothing but the lawsuit waiting to happen. No sir. Wait. Oh, you ain't never had no Okay. No. Don't want it. Okay. My, my bad. My bad, my bad. No, my bad. No, I'm good. I wasn't talking. Have I have, have I had, have I had women to ask no baby, that, that I ain't with it. You said no? Hell Yeah. I said hell no. What can you, what a man you boy. I told Unc do You know you ain't never had one mess with you up north.


Another one mess with you down south. It's me and her. That's it. That's all I got for you anyway. Listen. But I'm just telling you, I'm telling you. This is back in my day. This is back in college days. I'm, I ain't done none. This none of this ring. I'm too old. I'm wo for all that now. But I was trying to get back to the point about Lou will and having two, two women at the game and understanding how smooth and how much patience he has to have as a man. Fellas, this is for you in the chat as well. You know how difficult it is dealing with one woman, Ojo. Hey honey, What you want eat? Hey, got Ojo. Hey two. All you do is is cut the time in half.


I ain't got before. I ain't got before good minutes. Two, you gotta get down to two Now. You mad. Now you, the group chat you was talking about on your, I'm in there. So that's all I got for you. You got two minutes a piece for each. Huh? I got two 80. Somebody gonna be disappointed. Somebody gonna be mad and say, oh this ain't nothing. You right. You right. That's all I got. So, but that ain't, that's ain't, that ain't really never interests me being with two women. Itt. It ain't, that ain't, that ain't my thing. Yeah, right. Like I said, well I mean I've had people like, oh and hey, no I don't.


I'm, I'm good. Yeah. I don't want any of that. I don't want any of that. I'm ocho at this juncture. Yeah, it's a lawsuit. Leave it alone. Oh yeah. I I don't want no part it. I'm not talking about this juncture. That's, that's why, that's why I I spoke in in past. Yeah. In past. Yeah. I Mean I nothing Now you remember I told you I got spade one. Yeah, I got two of the possible with two. I ain't got double the possible. Right. I ain't got double the possible. I ain't even got a two. It's a possible, I got the Ace of Diamond, but I got seven other diamonds in my hand. Right, I got you. I got you. Well wait a a minute now. Wait a minute. Never say never. I'm, I don't, that don't interest me. Ocho lemme Me, lemme, lemme me finish. Okay now and lemme finish now.


Me, you and Prime, we still got a trip to the Dr. Now. You never, you can't never say never, Never. No. Okay, okay, okay. Nah, we Leave it ocho man. Me for me. I mean, look, I might be the central figure in my family Say talk to me, but I'm the least important if you can understand that. Yeah. My mom, my sister, my brother, my kids are everything. Everything, everything. So for me, whatever, whatever Escap, escapade or experience that I haven't gotten.


Right. You ain't getting that. I'm good. Yes sir. I'm, listen, I'm with you when you're right, I'm with you when you Right. But I'm gonna tell you one thing. It's a rollercoaster boy, you hear me? It's, it's a rollercoaster. Yes it is. I'll never forget. First time 1996 had three Of 'em. Oh no. Hey, had three of 'em had me chain to the bed. I'm gonna tell you where I was at Chain. Yeah. Yeah. Chain. But they, well, I don't, I don't play. Listen to me, I'm gonna tell you and I'm gonna tell you a story. I ain't told a story. I ain't told nobody except my homeboys at, at there Miami 1996. I skipped school. They picked me up, took me to the executive palace in Okeechobee.


If you in the chat from Miami, You know about the executive palace. They had me chained to the bed. I ain't, I had bondage, You know, unbelievable experience. I don't want to get too in depth with it. I don't wanna accept, I don't wanna upset. You know, You know my people, You know my baby, You know. Yeah. I don't, I I know she, I know she watch it. I don't wanna, You know, but hey, it's a rollercoaster boy. You hear me? Good. It's an experience like no other. I don't got, You know, I don't got the stomach no more for rollercoasters You. How good o You know what I'm saying? Hey, let me get on these sparks. Listen. Hey, let somebody give tour the possible.


No, no. It ain't gonna be no tour. The possible if you add the sparks to the, if you already add the sparks to it, hey, you finna go. I Already know I got two because I got bo I got both the jokers. I I'm gonna give you two. I got both jokers, big joker and little Joker. The one on the bicycle and the one that's not on the bicycle. If you play cards, You know what I'm talking about. The bicycle card. I got the big joke. A little joker. Yeah. Yes sir. Now I want y'all to know I got a king of another soup. It's not a spade. Right. I can't, I can't be certain that it's going to walk. 'cause somebody might, somebody might need a throw it off and cut it. Don't. So that's all I got for you. So you, no, don't ooo me.


I got you too. With the spar. I got a possible, but I'm just saying it might get cut. Yes sir. I got you. Hey, that's funny man. I'm just saying though Joe. That's, That's funny. No, I couldn't, I, I couldn't. Hey, And I, I'm just reminiscing on them days, man. Back then, man, You know, as You know, when you're younger you just, just, you've done some things that you just don't understand how you are able to do. And especially, And you think about it at the age we're at now, I couldn't, I couldn't pull it off. I don't have the energy. No I don't have the, or the attention span to be able to, to make sure no one is left out. Yeah. You know, so I was, hey, back in them days, You know back when my younger dad, I was like an octopus.


You hit me. Yeah. Yeah. And I make sure I don't leave anybody out. I make sure everybody is in tune and I'm sharp and detailing all that I'm doing that everyone feels like they're a part. I mean, unison. It's all about becoming the one. Oh Joe, I ain't gonna even hold you. I can, I I can't do it. I ain't, Ain't. I know. I know, I know. I feel you. I feel you. I feel you. But I, I was different. You know, You know I know you as hell with you as well. I, Hell, hell, Hey, that, that, that one called Hell Yeah. That, that one, that one. I put a, I worked a double on them. I did a double on double. I did a double. Whatcha saying I did a double Now Don shit, like back in Jackson say send down to midnight.


You got me working day and night. Ba Hold on, hold on. Oh, would you say you worked a double on? Yeah, I pulled a double on. I put it overtime. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would, dating myself. I I I don't know if they, I don't even know if they're still a a in existence. La Quinta back then La Quinta was about $35. You know about La Quinta man. L-A-Q-U-I-N-T? Yeah. Yeah. They they still got him. Yeah. LaQuinta in. Yeah. Especially when you on the road. Oh bro, You know I had a little paper back then, You know little, little 30, 35, $70 get you two nights little tax, $8 two nights.


I go right. I there get that room. I turn that AC on 'cause I'm a, I might be giving it too. I'm a sweater. I sweat. Yeah. The room gotta be icy cold. It's embarrassing. It's embarrassing because You know, I'm, I'm just like, man, she ain't gonna never wanna see bit Nobo. Hey I'm in that thing like a Baptist minister. Damn. Having a father. Oh bad boy I did something. Woo. Yeah. Yeah. Back in the day with yo, You know, hey with old boy. Oh shit. What they say that say O Shaa with hell Whitty was well Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I was, well You know, Hey boy, I got boy. Unc boy got some man.


Listen man, the stories man. Alright. Sometimes I, and if they, I like the same room, I like the same room too because I feel if it's something about that room and, and especially if I get, You know, get you go get a four ball or a five ball, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I think it the room. It was the room. Hey, lemme get that room. Lemme get that same. Is the room had last week available? They said, well, Mr. Sharpe won't be available til tomorrow. I said, well I'll come back tomorrow, but let me get it. I'll be back tomorrow. Let me get it. There was something about that bed, I don't know what it was, but boy, but can't hold on.


Oh Job it, it got, I'll tell you what I have thought about. I said, now what about old? She At 18, 19, 20 on the Sparks. Nah, I don't do that. Jesus Don't do that. Don't do that. Hey, Hey, I had to put, I had to put somebody's legs back together. Hey, at 18, 19, 20. Oh the Fox. Yeah. Hey that did, matter of fact the body already is already producing its own spark in general, especially at 18. Can you imagine O Joe And you And you add something to that man, please.


Oh, but what him some days, boy I sure hope you with the Bible study that week. What him some days. Aight. Boy, What a time. What a time. Joel and B would undergo arthroscopic surgery on his left knee next week and b rule out that for the season in late February as the sixth of met with doctors to determine the best treatment to alleviate the knee issues was surgery. Ocho, here's a wild stat. The game's played since the start of the 20 14 15 season the year Joel and Beat end of the draft Carmelo's Anthony, 12th year Carmelo Anthony has played. What more games is this why I'm reading this correctly?


Ash more games than Joellen Bead and Melo has been retired for three years and he still played more games than Joellen Bead. Is that correct? Four 70 to 4 52. Shams is reporting that Carmelo got the call that he's going to the pro to the basketball Hall of Fame. I thought, I thought I I thought basketball was five years, but I guess they reduced it to three years. Or you're a great player. Like who's that? Wayne Gretzky. He retired. They put him in the hall of Fame. Like what the hell are we waiting for? Like certain guys on show like why you wait Tom Brady, why you make Tom Brady? Wait, why you make Pey Manny? Wait, why you make like a I Yeah. Come on now what they waiting for? Yeah.


There's no point. Yeah, there's no point. We talking about And we talking about players that are Mount Rushmore at that position. Yeah, well actually respective craft in general. Yeah. I mean some things you just like, I mean why would you make LeBron, wait a minute, LeBron, you retired. Okay, we got a ceremony next week. Big. I mean, well for real though. Check on me what we doing? And I don't think, I don't think LeBron is one of those guys that he's gonna come back, come back and You know, oh, I wanna play like Jordan did You know Magic? Right? Because it'd been really cool, had magic because Magic came back and played and when Bird was gonna go in magic, like, I wanna go in and David Stern wouldn't let that happen.


Right? But that'd been really cool. 'cause I, I really think tho those two guys should have gone to, if any two guys like Russell and Chamberlain Magic and Magic and Bird, some of those guys should, let's like just go in together. They should go in together. They really should. Ocho Aisha Howard has addressed a rumor alleging Anthony Edwards requested to pay 18 years of child support upfront amid their court battle. She said, where do these lies, where do these lies be coming from? You ever heard a rumor about yourself? And I actually wanted to hear more, like, no way, what did I do next? There are no court documents, motions or proceedings that have occurred, nor have I been offered or agreed to such terms.


Hmm. Would it actually be smart just to pay the whole 18 years one payment of only 1.8 million? Yes. Yeah. I mean this is, I wouldn't it it it is tough Ocho It is tough. It's tough. Yeah, it's tough because it, And we just, I just speculate. I don't know, I I don't know a man like that. Have I, have I met him before? Yes. It is tough because he young, it's reported that he didn't want the kid now he forced to, You know, be wanna to be with the kid.


So I, I just think the thing is, I would say this, take some time cool down. Yeah Sir, you are upset right now because you didn't want to be with her. You were just having a good time. Yes sir. And sometimes when you're late, you gotta pay. Yeah. And that, that's the only advice I would give him. I say, I'd say, son, that child didn't ask to come. It didn't, it was two re it was two grown folks. I mean, you practice long enough, you gonna get good at it. Yeah. You right. I mean listen, it, it is an unfortunate circumstance.


You know, I, I know an very well good friend of mine and the situation unfortunate. Now we're all different in how we operate. And I got, I can only put myself in his shoes. Yes. If I was in that position. Now, You know me, I didn't do things the traditional way. No. I didn't do things a traditional way. You know, there was an understanding between those And I that I have kids from where I am extremely active in all mine's life and always have been. That's something that, that I would be proud of. Whether the individual And I weren't together, You know. Oh, you what man? You ing is mine. Oh bet.


Let's go. I got this, and I'm starting to pre-plan and everything ahead of time. Right. What we, having a girl, a boy, when I'm thinking about gym, cla gymnastics and football, I think about that's how I, that's how I operate, right? Because I'm one who enjoys having kids. Right. I enjoy, I'm active, I'm hands on and all that. I do, especially when it comes to that. But his situation is different. Obviously. He didn't want he, he didn't want the child. Right. But obviously you do have to take responsibility. Yeah. And it's different now, OCHO because see, the, the problem that I have now is that they have this thing called internet. And when something gets, puts on internet, it is up there for perpetuity. And, and to know that one day, and this could not be true, but for a child to read that, to say the father didn't want anything to do with it, or didn't wanna be a part of his life, that's hurtful.


That's tough. So that's, that's tough. Yeah. Yeah. But he, He's also, he's, he's also speaking from anger, of course, also speaking from anger about the situation and her understanding that, You know, You know, this is something that I don't want now. And then, You know, the, the, the other flip side of that is, well, if you didn't want a child, you shouldn't have wor you should've wor sex. Yeah. You can't put raw meat on them. Yeah. So, I mean, listen, it, it, it is tough. I mean that, I don't know. I do, I, I, like I said, I understand, Like I understand her side. You know? A Yeah. I think when Cool. I think when cool ahead, prevail. I Do too. It gonna be all right.


I do too. They gonna be all right. Yeah. And he's going, he's going to be an active father regardless of the reports that are coming out. Yeah. I think I'll be straight. I think it gonna be straight. And I, I love, I, let me, I got, lemme take my glasses off. I love kids. Love it. Love it. I love being a father. If, if, if, if I wouldn't mind having no more. Yeah. I, man, I, I wouldn't mind having no more. Yeah. I, matter of fact, You know what? I'm finna have twins. Yeah. That's what I'm finna do. I'm finna have, yeah, that's what, yep, that's what I'm, and then I'm done.


The only twins I want is, is, is Range Rovers or, or Bentley. Matter of fact. And I gonna get, I'm gonna get two of them too. Guess what I'm gonna get 'em with at 5,200 I owe you. Yeah, man, I Joe, where you gonna pay me by money, man? Hold on, hold on. Hey, I'm finna have twins. So you want, you want my kids to starve? Do you want my kids to starve? You want the 5,200 or you want me to be able to provide for my kids? What About my kids? My kids starving. They grown. They could work. They Eat though. Huh? They need the 5,200. Nah, but they work. So they already making money. The kids before they born. I wanna make sure I can provide.


So as long as I got that 50, 50, 200, I'm gonna be able to provide, You know what, I'm Just gonna go, my kids already have, I'm just going, I'm just gonna go and take it out. Going and check it out. Your check, I'm, I'm gonna garish your wage. Hey Chad, y'all back. I should gar y'all back. I should gar garnish Ocho check. Nah, Chad, y'all Chad, don't do that. Yeah, don't do. Hey Chad. I, And You know what I'm gonna do? I, I'ma put the, put it on your credit. I'm, I take it to collections. I'm done with this. We, We already ain't, we already ain't got a repar, a reparation, repar. How you say it? Reparations. Yeah. Yeah. We already ain't got them.


Don't, don't, don't, don't take my money from me, man. That, that's all I Got. I'm gonna send it to collections. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna send it to collections. Oh, You want, you gonna, Marvin sat me gonna Lock the, nah, Imma send it. Collection, whatever your credit. I just checked my credit report my credit card. I'm 8 24. Oh, I think I'm fixing to eight 50. I wanna get to eight 50. I gotta get to eight 50 again. I used to have be eight 50. I'm 8 24 right now. Real. But I'm, I'm gonna put your, I want yours to go down to like four, honey. Nah, that, that, that ain't what happen. That ain't gonna happen. And I, I, I got some good credit.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who has ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC equals housing lender license than all 50 states NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite, they were Duke beat, Alabama, Florida beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them. Coming up big in the end. Now with my final four is set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer and Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Smart fans know sports is just a metaphor for life. And in the game of life, confidence is everything I'm talking about. Confident clean you get with wet extra large dude wipes. Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down wetter just cleans better. No irritations, no dingleberries, no debris. And they come in different pack sizes, including on-the-go single pack wipes that you can take wherever you go. For a home field advantage, dual wipes comes in a variety of senses and sensations like mint chill and shea butter. So don't fumble the ball with tp. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole. And start using dude wipes. The NVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude, wipes, beds, clean pants down.


We got a very special, we got a very special guest joining us. A member of the Final Four Lady Bruins, Kiki Rice. Kiki, how you doing? I'm doing great. How are You? Oh, we're doing amazing. Well, congratulations. Has it, has it really sunk in yet? Like hold on. We are part of the first group of young women that's ever gone to the final four UCLA. That is a very, very huge accomplishment. Yeah, I mean after the buzzer went off And we were all celebrating, it was just so special. 'cause like that's part of what I came here to do and part of what my class came here to do. So just so excited that we were able to, You know, finally get to the Final four and kind of take that next step. But You know, we got two more games, so we're excited for that. Getting ready to, to head down there tomorrow.


You know, you think about, I Go ahead Ocho. Listen, I I I have one question And I, I really like this net and when you think about postseason, postseason stuff to do, I saw something where you said you wanna become an NBA general measurement AF after your plan days are done. Yeah. Right. What's the first move you'd make if you happen to be a gm? I'm just curious before we get into, You know, what you're doing right now in, in college, what would be the first move you make as a, as a GM in NBA First move? Well, if I was the GM of the Mavs, I would not have trained Lu my first move for sure.


Yep. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. Oh yeah, go. You got it Kiki, You okay? Look at what you guys did you lose the USE twice. You beat him in the PAC 10 championship. Obviously that was a huge compliment. Did that guys give you the confidence? Confidence or were you always confident that you had the type of team that could advance to the Final four and potentially win it all? Yeah, I mean this whole season we were ranked number one for most of the year. Obviously top team in the country. But I do think, You know, like losing to a team twice is hard and SC is obviously a great team. Juju's great and they have a lot of great players. So, but to finally like to beat them in our, our conference championship and to kind of get over that hump, it definitely kind of, I think gave us some more confidence just because we knew like, all right, like we finally kind of beat the one team that had beaten us this whole year and now we're just like kind of, You know, playing out the rest of the season.


But we were really confident at that point for sure. You look at you guys, you played LSU and that game was Nipping Tuck very back and forth. I mean you guys get to a 10 point lead, they whittle it down to two, you race out to a eight point lead, they whittle it down to three you guys, and then all of a sudden you get a couple of big key rebounds And you kick it out to a haw as and she makes a couple of threes. Even though Laura be said, no, don't shoot. Okay, what do you think? Good job. Good job. So what are you thinking in that ball game? You're like, damn, we're so close. We had a 10 point lead And we don't let 'em cut it all the way down to two. What's going through your mind as the game starts to get later in the ball game but the game starts to tighten up? Yeah, I mean I think at one point I looked over at the scoreboard.


We were up like I think it was our biggest leader. We were up like 13 in third quarter. I was like, all right, like we got this. Like wow. And then when I started to get close, did definitely get a little nervous. I'm like, can't let this slip away. Especially 'cause like LSU, they were the team that knocked us out last year. So like we needed that, we needed that revenge. We just wanted to get through the final four two and like obviously a lot on the line, but like we work, we worked on special situations and just endgame stuff so much in practice this year that I really had a lot of confidence that we were gonna be able to find a way to get it done. But it is Like, You know, we was a little bit nervous at the end there 'cause they're that a great team f Fajas great player. And so Like, You know, it's never over till the buzzer sound so I just had to finish it up. Yeah, yeah. Speaking of, speaking of finishing things up with the Final four approaching, how, how is the UCLA team preparing to face the next challenge and if there were any lessons that you learned from the LSU game, what are they to make sure you don't have to deal with the next team coming in, whoever you do have to face?


Not, not the game. UConn not being as close. They got UConn up next from page buckets. Yukon. Yeah. Oh my goodness. So the game doesn't, doesn't be as close as it was this last time. You actually close it out without having to be fearful, You know, towards the end of the game. Yeah, I mean I do think like at this point of the year, like we're prepared that every team that we're gonna play is gonna be a great team. So like we know matchups are gonna be closed, like the game is gonna be close down the line. So we just gotta be comfortable in those moments. And I think like having played a few of those games will help us, You know, just 'cause we have that like post game experience. But You know, we're, You know, we'll watch gout, watch film kind of get ready. I think we played Yukon last year actually, so like having that experience playing them And we played really well. We beat them last year.


We'll be good for our confidence for sure. Kiki, who are some of the women that you watched growing up? Obviously being a fabulous player that you are, who are some of the women that you watch and says, You know what, that's I I kind of wa kind of molded your game of kind of some of the women that inspired you to play basketball. Yeah, I mean I, I grew up watching Skylar Diggins, Enrique, Diana, Tara Rossi. And not only like in basketball, but like, I loved watching like Serena Williams. Okay. And Alex Morgan and like other like, well Like, You know, really fantastic women in other sports. Just kind of to see them be great at their craft and that really inspired me for sure. Why UCLA? I mean obviously it UCLA is really not known at a, as a women's basketball program.


You have Yukon, you have the Lady Gamecock, you have LSU Tennessee or probably Notre Dame, but probably more known as women college basketball. What, what made you choose UCLA? Yeah, exactly. Be because I felt Like, You know, CLA is not as known. Okay. And like obviously It was, you would make it known like it's Easy to go to. Exactly. Yeah. I wanted to, I didn't wanna go to a program that had a bunch of national championships that had been to the final four a bunch of times. Like I felt like it makes it even more special to go to a place and help it become that level of that level of program. So I think, You know, having that all come in to like, You know, reality now just makes, makes Steve more special. I just swear today that Olivia Miles, the Notre Dame player, she's projected to be number two, but instead of entering the WNBA draft, she entered the transfer portal.


Are you surprised by this? I was really surprised by that one, honestly. Yeah, really surprised. I mean, look, she's gonna be, would be probably the number two pick and you're deciding to come back to college. I mean, I think it speaks to like NIL and what you can get in college and You know how great, You know, the college experience is. But like, I don't think that happens often. Someone who's gonna be a for sure lottery pick decides to come back to college. I mean, I don't know exactly what what went into her decision, but yeah, I surprised, yeah. Went into her decision. She gonna make more money in college than she will be a rookie in the WNBA. That's what went into her. Understand Kiki. Exactly. Yeah. It gotta, if it makes dollars, it makes sense. Makes sense. Exactly.


You know, and speaking, speaking of the WNBA, if you could build your starting five, any current NBA or WNBA players? Who are you picking? I, I'd say I, I'd more say WNBA. Who would your starting five be? Let's see. All right. I have Asia Wilson At, at the five. At the five. Caitlyn Clark one. Ooh, I'm putting Stewie at the four. Yeah, like, ooh, you got a, you got a roster so far? Yeah, putting Nafisa at the three Ooh Two def.


Oh, you got some defense on that front line. Oh, we're locking up and then at the two shoot, I'm going Chelsea Gray. Okay. Okay. I like, I like it. Like it. I thought you might go with req. I thought you might take Enrique and Gu Wale, but, okay. I like Chelsea because she's healthy now. If you watched in the Unwind in the semifinal game, Who, That's the Chelsea I, I was expecting to see last year when she came back. But you can tell the way she's playing now versus the way she played and when she got back in the Olympics, that wasn't her, this is her that we saw in the unrivaled leading her team to the first title in the Unrival.


Yeah, she was tough in that. Yeah, she was playing real well. So lemme ask you, so lemme ask you this, you get a pro probably got approached by a lot of companies wanting to be, you wanting to do this NIL How do you determine who Kiki's gonna align with? Yeah, I mean I think a lot of it is like based on if I feel like we can build like a long term partnership and just like how, How much money y'all Got. Like how organic? No, yeah, God, it has to be good money. But like, I think, You know, feeling like the brand or company is Like, You know, aligned with my values and everything and like obviously, You know, I don't wanna be like associated with any, anyone that's gonna Like, You know, kind of bring harm to my brand and my name and everything.


Right. And then you, a big part of it is, is money also. I mean like gotta do things that make sense and, and things that I care about too. I think like that's when I get like more into doing it, it becomes more organic. 'cause it's like I care about the, the cause or whatever it is. You are the first, you are the first NIL athlete to sign with Jordan brand. Do you understand? I mean, look, there's no, there's not a knock on anybody else. Nike and Adidas and Under Armour or whatever the case may be. But You know, the logo, that's what it goes by the logo. And you are the first, when you, when you like, have you really thought about, have, have you like, man, look at these, Ooh, look at these Jades. I got these one, I got these limbs, I got these four.


I mean, what does that, what does that, what does that feel like? What does that mean to you? To me it feels like a lot of a big shoe collection and a lot of shoes that I have. It's great though. I mean, yeah, one of the best parts of it is all the gear and everything for sure. But I do think like kind of being aligned with like a brand like Jordan, like any, You know, any basketball player you grow up in, like you idolize Michael Jordan, You know, what he, he did for the game and what he means to all of us. So I think like for, for me to be the first and athlete that Jordan chose to sign, like it just like, it was kind of a, a surreal moment when it all happened and for it to be like, at such young age, You know what I mean?


Like assigned my senior year of high school, like going into college and everything. So it really just like, kind of, it motivated me to continue to work hard 'cause it's like, all right, like I have a lot, a lot to live up to, but also like a lot more coming if I continue to put in The work. One more thing before you, one more thing. Lemme ask you this. Yeah. Gimme the five shoes, Jordan shoes you don't have that you really, really want. I don't have, honestly, I don't think I have any, there's none that I want that I don't have. Damn. You got about damn, what really going on? Kick you. We'll shoot your boy. I'm 13. I'm a 13. Got you. I got you Shannon. I mean, so hey, so I mean, You know, obviously the, the, the, the ducks and You know, all the, the signature.


They don't have, they don't make a whole lot of them. Did you get the, did you get the air? Did you get the, the Dior Jordans or did you get the Virgil's? I haven't got those. You ain't got those. You wanna get those, huh? Yeah, I'll ask for those though, for sure. Yeah, I need those. I don't blame you shoot for the stars. You land on the moon, you still got a great collection. Exactly. Listen, outside, outside of basketball, I've learned some interesting things about you. For one, you like Marvel? Yep. Two. You love to cook And you scuba certified? I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm scuba certified too. Really? Okay. Okay. No, the first thing I have to ask. Huh? What? I am scuba certified. Don't Worry about it. Go ahead. Go ahead. Don't you finish your question.


I just wanna know where, where's Anna? Sorry, sorry about that. Where's the coolest place you go on diving? The coolest place I went diving was in Mozambique. Damn. What? Yeah. How, How, how, how was it? It was, that was dope. It was really cool. The water there so like, so clear and pretty and to see. I think we saw, yeah, we saw a shark there, which is really cool. Cool. Alright, that was gonna my next question. Have there been any scares when you've been diving? Because I, I got scared when I went, when I, when school was diving because I ran into a whale shark by accident And I obviously didn't, didn't realize how big they were until they get right up on you. Even though they're, they're, they're, they're not hostile, but just still Yeah, the shark though.


Yeah, it was definitely, it was not, it wasn't that big. It was like a, can't remember what kind of shark. It wasn't that big, but it was definitely scary. I mean, like it's is not, not cool to come up on a shark when you're diving. Yeah, no. Just, just the idea of it. But I haven't had any, any crazy scares. I mean I think like one of the scariest parts is honestly making sure I, I'm doing everything right so I'm not, You know, like messing up and, and like messing up the tank or all that. But yeah, Listen, all the fact that you love to cook, I can't cook worth a damn. I'm, I'm horrible. And I think that might be one of the reasons why I've been left by everybody that I've dated is because I can't cook. But what is your go-to dish? Let's say if you try and impress somebody, it's your go-to dish every time and that's what you're gonna make. 'cause You know they gonna like it.


Yeah, I'll make some taco. Damn Kiki. I know I tacos. I thought you were gonna say I would whip up some pasta, some ling. Nah, Nah, I'll keep it simple so I know it. Don't mess it up. Hey le less is, less is more. Less is more. Exactly. And also you're a big Marvel fan. So which Marvel character do you think would make the best basketball player? Just hypothetically speaking, if there was a Marvel character that actually played basketball, who would be the best? Like the actor or the the character. Yeah, The, the character itself. Probably Captain America. Ah, I like that. Ki I Like that.


Kiki, you also played high school. You played high school soccer. One Gatorade player of the year. What went into the decision for you to choose basketball over soccer? Yeah, I thought for a little bit about doing both in college, but I just felt like that would be too much. So I think like playing one sport is already enough, but to do both. And I think the biggest thing was also just like, I didn't wanna take my time away from the sport that I liked the most, which is basketball. And like I wanted, You know, I wanna be a pro, I wanna do a lot of things And I think I needed to focus to like, fully on that. But I think the biggest thing was just feeling like, like the basketball community I liked more than the soccer community. Just my teammates, the teams I was on and all that stuff.


I think that's what like really drew me to just continue to play basketball. Well, You know, an I like this, the fact that she played soccer and that, that makes me that much more of a fan now. But this can all change based on your answer. All right. Ano or messy? Messy, Messy. There you go. That's what talking about Kiki, that's what I'm talking about. Kiki. That's what I'm talking about. Kiki Ki ki ki ki ki ki Woo. Kiki Has to be messy Now. Dude, we done I, You know, white. See, see what I'm saying? Oh, I been trying to tell Kiki, I've been trying to tell this man this for the better part of two years. He ain't wanna hear nothing I gotta say, so whoop, there it is.


It it is okay. It's all, it's all good. Mm. I mean she know greatness. She played soccer, she was Gatorade player of the year. You know how many gator, You know how many Gator? Right? Wherever they're, and she was top down. Yeah, I was, I was expecting a different I know you were, but don't worry about it. You got what you got. It's all good. Messy, messy. It was in the documentary full court press. You mentioned that you grew up watching President Obama And I think you had an aunt that was like a national security advisor to during the President Obama's administration, correct? Yes.


Did you get an opportunity to meet him? Yes, I have met him actually. Okay. And prob yeah, probably the coolest thing, like congratulations text I got was Obama texted my aunt yesterday and said, congrats. That is Dope, man. That was probably the, the coolest thing for sure. Wow, that's Awesome. That's, that is unbelievable. What else? So what, what did you like to do in your free time? What, so when you're not practicing basketball, you're not cooking tacos, what does Kiki like to do? I love to shop, which probably isn't the best habit, but I love all NIL money gone as soon as you get it. Yep, Exactly. No, I, I love to shop, travel, hang out with my teammates.


I mean, I don't have a ton of free time, but I would say just, I actually, I'd like to go to the beach too. I like to sit outside. Just hang Out outside. Well, you're in the perfect place to go to the beach. So what? Venice Beach or Santa Monica? Malibu. Santa Monica. I, I mean, ven, if I'm gonna Leia, I'd rather go to Malibu. Okay. It's much nicer. But Santa Monica, if I gotta go to like a close one. Yeah. Over, over Ven. Yeah. Venice is crowded. Malibu, Malibu. Once you get on up there, I mean you got some nice spots. I mean, it, it, it does get a little crowded, but that water cold man. Yeah, it's cold out Here. It's cold people. Hey, it's Cold here. I I don't get in the water Though. Yeah, but people think that what the West coast water is like the east, where the east is like warm.


This specific Oh no, It is different in different, I got, I got one, I got one last question. What legacy do you hope to leave at UCLA and how do you envision influencing the next generation of female athletes? I hope to leave a legacy of championships here. I wanna bring, like, I got two years left, so two national championships, two more final fours, another conference championship. And then I think the biggest things, I want to influence the culture here. I wanna continue to help us like become, be a winning program and be, You know, just a program that continues to produce like great, great players and great people.


And then in terms of my legacy, I mean, I, I wanna be known as the hardest working person in every, in every room and every team that I'm on. I like it. Well, Kiki, congratulations on advancing to the Final Four. Best of luck in the Final four and look forward to watching you and your continued success. Hey, y'all cut down the net, come back, join UNC and OCHO and tell us all about it. All right, thanks. Y Kiki Rice, UCLA outstanding player in the Final four for the very first time in Lady Brewing history. You gotta be an unbelievable honor. Seems like to me she wants to be, she wants to be Asia.


Asia started this at South Carolina. She goes there. Yeah, she was a top basketball player in the country. She goes to a program that's really not known for ladies basketball and lo and behold, she starts it and now a bunch of final fours later, three national championships later player of the year. Asia was player of the year. Aaliyah Boston was player of the Year. And now Lady Game Cox are right up there with the the Yukons and the Tennessees. When you think about Lady Women's college basketball, they're one of the most prominent programs in in the NCAA. So congratulations UCLA. Good luck. Best of luck Kiki. The Volume


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


New, out of nowhere, obstacles, new all or nothing. Moments new, less than likely triumphs. Season two of The Unshakeable podcast has it all. Hi, I'm Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business and host of the show. We are excited to bring you more inspiring stories from small business owners who share the what are we gonna do? Moments that ended up changing everything. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down dude wipes coming A variety of senses and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with tp wetter, just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and make the trade of the season with switch to dude wipes, the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean pants down


Amazon One medical presents. Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever coie of the day is breeding in there. A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitis you've contracted. Amazon one Medical healthcare just got less painful.