
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan. $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in. Must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply


The Volume. Max Spruce sent a group text to his calf teammates before game five. Oh, if you don't believe, don't show up for work. He went overnight in the elimination game over nine. He didn't believe. But see these guys do this stuff and try to be leaders. You just don't leave because you're in the playoffs. You gotta lead the whole season. That's when the leadership show there. You won't have to do that.


Guys sent since the urgent will kick in. He wouldn't have to do that. I mean, ka the cab, You know, that's my hometown. It's just something they just a regular season team. They're not a playoff team. They don't have, they not fit for the playoff. They talent though, don't resume with the playoff. You know, you got the two bigs, both do the same thing. They're not really scores. They put 'em in pick and roll. They got physical. I mean, You know, Donald was, You know, he, he tried, he got hurt again. Some, it seemed like the pressure hit him. You know, the presser hit him and you win 64 games, you gotta at least make it to the Easter Common Final. You're supposed to, you're not supposed to lose three, you're not supposed to lose four, one, not three games at home outta the four, one All, all three.


Huh? All three home. All three of your home games. You lost. I can see the, and you had, and you had a lead the first two games. You gave those first two games away. Oak. Well de like Boston did. Yeah. They had lead two 20. So that's why I say it's up in the air, You know. But I think I, all these teams play hard. You gotta just wait till they get there and pick between them two. Because like I said, Gemma got a big game tomorrow with O-K-C-O-K-C is grinding, You know, that series might go six, might go seven, but You know, game, it's game six tomorrow. I believe it's gonna go seven OI believe that. I believe the nuggets gonna win. It gonna go seven. You think Nuggets gonna win. Wow.


I think the Nuggets gonna win Game six and the series is gonna go seven. Gonna go back to OKC. Okay. So, so who you Think you gonna win out the OKCI? You know what? I think if, if the n if I believe the Nuggets gonna win game six, they can get it to game seven and I think the nuggets will win it. Damn. So it'd be another matchup, like last year, the West stop final. Yep. Wow. That'll be big. And then if New York be ending, that'd be last year. Semi-final and the, and the Easter cofounders. Yes. Vic, first of all, you really, you really need the Knicks to make it because nobody else is gonna generate ratings. Yeah. Indiana, don't nobody wanna see No, Indiana, I'm sorry, Indiana, I Think you, Halliburton, I love Hadley.


Hadley's playing unbelievable. I like the, I like how they get up and down. I mean, it's a very exciting brand of basketball to watch. Yeah, but they're not gonna New York, you got New York, that big market, the market in general. And then they got, and they got fans all across the country. So you are gonna have to pair New York with somebody. Well, that was probably a lot people New York in Minnesota. Huh? New York and Minnesota would be a good match. Yes, because Ant-Man, is he rising up. Yep. I agree. I agree. An is rising up. Gigi Jackson says the grizzlies called players, they target on defense pigeons. And that their goal is to go after guys like Nicola Yoic and Steph Curry.


Let's take a listen to what Gigi had to say During a walkthrough. When we go over the mashups, the very next slide is pigeons and we'll have whoever the players are for pigeons. You know, when we try to play the nuggets, we want to get yogis and a, a lot of ball screens with guys really like going full speed downhill at him. You know, he's not really the best at the rim, but make sure he keep the ball protected because You know, he can get his hands in there to swipe down. But who else with the Warrior Series? You want to get curry in a lot of, a lot of screens, iso situations like that. But it's definitely discussed a lot. If we can get these guys, you careful Jg you, you Find Yourself in the iso now.


Be I done, I done been in, I done been in the company. Better not be a pigeon or a come pigeon. Hey, hey, we do the same thing in football too now. Yeah. We go, when we go over the defensive defensive plan, You know, or we gotta pi the pigeon, the weak length. There's always a weekly go. Oh, It always, Who are we gonna attack the Yeah, but I ain't, but I ain't saying that publicly. Oh, okay. Well shit out. I I, I, you talking about, you talking about guys that got three MVPs between the two of and five and, and, and two of the, and two of the 75 greatest players that ever played. Right. But But also even, even with those accolades right on their resume on defense, they what a liability.


Liability. Yeah. They understand that. But Yoki gonna give you 60, 20 and 12. Yeah. Steph Curry, Steph Curry go go, go make 15 threes on you. And you talking about a you. Right. The the question is can you expose them, can you exploit them more on defense than they can exploit you on offense? Ah, well Lucas showed you it can be done. Yes. And he, he, he, because in LA rotation, he can't rotate, he can't get loose ball. He just, he just there, I mean, yeah, he can score get to the free throw line, but in the long run you need 50 50 balls.


Right. And you gotta get some of main defense work because when the LA was trying to double team, you didn double team, but it sloped back get and get back in they rotation to get back to the ball or get back to the bass or get back to a body. So it's a lot of work when you double team. That's why he always wanna be on the back line because You know, when he come up he get exposed. And I think the thing is OOO is that Luca, he every year come play out time. He wears down, You know, You know he got these nagging injuries. He's limping. I mean he is 26, but he is moving like he's 38. He's got a bad body. Shanny. Hold on. He, he's six seven, he's two 40. But ain't muscle. Yeah, it's fat.


It's a fat way more. Yeah. Hey, oh, You know, he, You know, he, he's body like your body only and gives you so much natural. You gotta prepare. You got for the moment. Yeah. You gotta, You know, like, like Jay said, JJ said we gotta be in play off a championship shape. We just can't be in regular season shape. But You know, they don't work out. Once the season get going, now they do limit stuff. So you can get outta shape. You could be in shape because you got the ball in your hand. But later on the season when people start running at you, running around you, you can see that, wow, my condition is not there. But it's a new, it's a new style of basketball now. Yeah. They try to get in shape while they playing and then you can't be drinking and eating bad food.


Hey unc, they need, you just saw, I saw the report too, that a Oak and unc, the Lakers are, are looking for and trying to hire a strengthening, strengthening and ing coach. That's kind of bad. I mean, I, for who? I Mean for Luca not no, just in general. The team, the team already got that. You talking about LA one of the two three top franchise ever. You, you shouldn't that shouldn't be a discussion. That's a strike on the, on the side. I think. Well, hold on. Is it, I know the Mavs are looking for a strengthening editioning coach. Yeah, the, But You know, OA lot of the top players have their own guy. Why, why they looking, why they looking Luke left now.


But I guess a a d and Kyrie got, got Ga guys going down, but You know, o oh, a lot of the top guys have their own guys. Yeah, right. I mean at his level. But how you make all NDA five years in a row and you int that safe, that's, I mean, I mean, the only way though, I mean it's just all offense. They could critique you all, all NBA it can't be defense. Yeah, no. He, he gonna never make no all defensive team. It one thing, it's just one thing. Yes. You average over 25. It gotta be, if you average over 25 parts, you all NBA basically. Hey, hey. Honestly, if the league knew it was right, You know they want to bring, bring somebody in to help Luca.


He might be the only one who, who has a deficiency deficiency in that area as far as wear wearing down and having small knickknacks and injuries, You know, towards the end of the season. I mean they, they best bet for them to do was to bring me in because I I they might Not want said what's up sometimes, You know, like when CC played for the Yankees, he lost that weight. He lost his fastball and then now in loop he lose weight. You know, he might lose something. Right. He might not be able to jump into your pump back three, four times. He sometimes he might need that weight to make his game go. Right. But You know what, but oh, you watched the European players you was in when they had, when Celonis was in the league, you was in the league would had s Barcelonas, Tony Kco, all those guys.


They look the same. Those European guys, that's their body. Yeah. You've never seen a European body, a European guy with muscle with cap ca on shoulders and built like that back. You've never seen one look at, look at a yoic. Yeah, look at Ingas. Look at Saboni. Look at all those guys. They built the thing. Yeah, yeah. They probably never used gotten into lifting weights and stuff. No. It might be a European thing, right? You, you Right. Weight is not important. They might just use band jumping rope and stuff. Yeah. Yep. I believe that's what it is. We talked about LeBron tweet last night. This is what he said. Oak Halle effing hooping. Where's the lams? Who said he was overrated?


Quiet as hell. That boy nice. Even more someone, everyone would love to play with. This is what Rachel Nichols said. If you look at how many players even answered who's overrated question only 90 of the 450 players in the NBA, then you see only 14.4% of the 90 voted for Tyree Halliburton. It masks out to 13 guys. Obviously it should have been zero. But the NBA is the most petty league on earth. Oh. What do you think about the player? Are we making, are we making too much out of this thir basically 13 players said Halle was overrated. I mean Yeah, we making too much out of it. Okay.


I think he, he's, he's a great team player. He, he doing what for his team to win. He aint, You know, he come to try to have a 25 points. There's a team that move the ball around. Everybody get the ball. The open guy and You know, the team must feel happy with what he do. 99 out. They gave him a guarantee. You know, they gave him the extension like two years ago. Yeah. Year. Yeah. He gave Max. Yeah. Yeah. And plus he's on the dream team. Yeah. And I think that he, he's a good kid. He the face, You know, for the paces, like I said, they back to back, he to come, You know, finals. So hey, every team need a guy. You know, you ain't gotta be the guy that average 25 points do need that guy.


Yeah. That you can go to and, and know that he got your back and he seem like he's a real general guy and You know, the teammate praise them. So, hey, You know, people gonna always, You know, say this and that about your game. But as long as You know what you bring to your team, that's all matters. That's all that matters. Oh, I told, I told unc Right. I said the players that actually voted that might've said something I just said, they only said it because his game wasn't aesthetically pleasing. It wasn't nice to watch. Right. It's beautiful to watch God damn Ky Kyrie Irving. It's beautiful to watch Shay. Right. What he does, You know, it's, it's beautiful to watch Steph shoot threes and, and come off pick and rolls and, and, and pick and pop and all that stuff. It's beautiful to watch Kevin Durant, You know, come off something and pull up, pull up in the midi.


But when you watch Halliburton, it is not pretty. But he gets the job done. He, the job done, he gets the top. He the, he on the third, second, third tier guy. He is not in the top tier of the NBA. But You know what, everybody, I have a, a guy on the team to be the leader, be the captain. So he's that guy. So if he don't have a 25 5, but they still win, got what's best for the team. So You know, everybody into the crossover behind your back. Aren won concrete finish at the rim, curry shooting one leg, half, four shots. Yo is coming down the gut dunking on everybody, You know, ad You know, do what he do. But that's what make your team go LeBron facilitate for this team, get everybody involved.


I mean, everybody got a different job when you are a leader. My thing is, when you, at the last two years, it's hard to pick his game in a bad way because the team is there. It's a team effort. Right. To be the stake of the team. Oh. Tell us about the cooking, Richard. How did you learn how to cook? Man, I learned basically, You know, my family, big time cooking. Grandparents, mother, aunts and sisters. Well, my thing is my rookie year, You know, I had some, I had some, You know, some skills already, but traveling a lot, this and that. Going in at the hotel, You know, my rookie year basically I had a lot of bets on the team. But You know, I just like going to the restaurant.


I just got tired of it. It's just doing the little thing, You know, either burgers, the spaghetti steak, potatoes, little pasta and You know, the breakfast food. So I just start adding on to adding on to it. But as I got good and good, all the guys on my team started coming over eat, You know, I started, You know, making the team thing, bringing everybody together, You know, and all that. And I just fell in love with it. And it, it is relaxed me. Yeah. And I thought you cooked for Jay-Z. You cooked for Jordan. You cooked for Oprah. What did, what did you, what did you cook? When did you cook for hov? For, basically it was at MJ 40 birthday party in DC. Okay. And I was, You know, like I said, jz, we was playing cards, Beyonce, everybody, Bob Johnson, I mean, it was a lot of people.


So it was a birthday party. We got snowed. They had the Ritz and so at the Ritz in Washington, they got two tiles. The north and south tile. Yes. So I was in the condo, MJ was in the rooftop. So we ended up having a party after his birthday and basically cooked two days in a row. I mean, I just went to the store. We just got a lot of food and You know, they just had a good time. But I do a lot of things like that and bikes. I give guys my, my likings to, You know, put it on their charity and auction me off and they bid on me. Matter of fact, I got one in Syracuse, New York in about two weeks going and cook for like 50 people basically. I can do that by myself. But it's just something I love to do. And I really like to see a smile on people face.


And everybody said, well, You know, this and that. I, 'cause I'm picky, You know, of me. I send somebody in the minute, You know, have your wheel. My my thing with me is I know well I put my heart and soul and I don't want somebody sending my food back to me. So I'm wanna make it. Right. What's your favorite thing to cook Oak? Oh man, I tell everybody it's me, but I don't know. I try to cook What you like. I'm good. I'm like alphabet A, a A to Z, all 26 stuff. I can do 23 different things. Right. You know, You know how dope that is Unc that had that in your toolbox, You know? Yeah. You know how to cook, man. That, that's, that's I think one of the greatest things to ever have in your toolbox as a man. If you have money. If you don't have money, but if you can cook.


Oh Right, right. You can play an instrument. If you can cook and play instrument. And if you got and you wanna add the cherry on top, know how to sing as well. Well, You Know, I can, Hey Chad, I can play spades and be w Yeah. See that. See now we talking now that's how you gonna get me to come to the cook. That's how you gonna get me to come, because now you're talking about language. Oh, you talking about the spades? Yes. Because You know, o if you went an HBCU, you went to a black college. If you cantt play spades and if you can't join you in, boy, you in trouble. Oh man. Big trouble. You in trouble. Oh yeah. And that because a, I'm a spa ologist, so I'm the highest ranking.


You know, you got the grandma and, and, and, and chess. Okay. We going out there and sell. We have to get together. You bring partner. I bring a partner. Okay, we can do that. We Atlanta. Okay. Hey, I'm telling you. Lemme see how, how you you play. Do you play big joke or a little joke or how you play? I, I I can play big joke or a little joke or no, joker that it's a team. I don't, I don't mess with Duc. Okay. You okay? See now, You know, people play uc or down and deuces play big joke. A little joke. But when they talking about Deucer, I tell em I ain't playing. I don't wanna play with no deuces. You got two big, you got big joke, little joker. Then you got two deuces. Nah, nah, nah. Just big do. Okay. We play, we play Big joker, little joker Eighth King.


Yeah. Some, some people don't play no jokers. Hey. Yeah. I don't like play like that. Nah. I play, Hey, I got, I got a team. I got a team. Huh? Who me And you Spades game against Oak and Jordan. Oh yeah. You know how to play Ocho. I Know how to play Spade. What you talking About spade? All of this too. Hey. Yeah. That be a good one. Hey Aren, we hey. Whatever. Whatever y'all. That'd be a real good one. Oh yeah, absolutely. Whatever y'all wanna Bet too. Tell put it on his on hold on. Ocho Ocho. Do You know how to play? You might said the wrong thing that way. We wanna bet. Nah, hell no. We you playing for fun. No, no, no, no, No, no, no.


We don't do nothing for fun. We don't do nothing. Yes, I do. Nah, nah, nah. Hey uncle, we trying to, Hey. Sad. You can, you can play her. That's good. You playing? Yeah. I'm from, I'm, I'm, I'm out the city of Miami. Boy. I grew up playing Spain. I know. Y'all play. Y'all play dos down there, yo. Yeah. Now. Hey boy. Now you talking. Talking now. See, I played. I'm talking. Hey. Oh. Oh. Y'all still play talk every now and then. That was the, that was the thing we played on the plane back in the rookie days. Yeah. People don't played talk no more. They played poker and they big Oh. Used to play play too. We used to play, we used to play in between too. Y'all play in between.


What's that? Oh yeah. No, the basketball player. I, I played with a lot of football players. That's, yeah. They all that in between and they love guts. Look, I'm just telling a boo and Boray. Right? Boray. Now they, we'll we don't play too much Blueray. Football guys go all the time. I know all the football guys. Yeah. Drew, hey, that was Drew Hill first favorite thing. Rest Drew Hill. R-I-R-I-P Drew Hill. He was the belt. Yeah. Yep.


Man, if you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months, I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go. And I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing. Even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and confidence to live life on my terms. Better man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years ready to take back control. Go to Bebe now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the fda. This product is not intended to diagnose street cure or prevent any disease use as directed individual results may vary.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


So what's on the, what's on the cooking journey you got because you had a, you, you on a cooking show. So what are you looking to do another reality show about you or barbecue cooking? Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, You know what I, You know, You know none of my book is out the last enforcer. Yeah. So I put, I put my cooking book on hold, but I'm gonna come out with that this year. But, You know, I was on chops. I've been on a lot of different cooking shows. I did like, and I was in Toronto. I did like three or four shows. So, okay. This year I'm a, I'm gonna speed things back up. 'cause You know, my wife, we all Atlanta housewife, You know, I don't know. It is what it is. So we gonna finish, we gonna finish that up and we gonna move on to the next thing. And I'm gonna get my cookbook out and we going to try to do some other stuff.


Alright? Oh, we gonna get you outta here on this one. If the Knicks make the NBA finals are, are you going to a game? I'm going to a game according who they playing on the road. I mean, right now I've been, You know, I've been banned from the garden, so I don't want to, I and got jumped on twice. I don't wanna get beat up again. So sometimes they take you learn your lesson after twice. So, hey do, Hey man, do I need to put a call in the door and say, look here man. Man, that that's Oak. He'll, he a fan favorite? He'll a crowd favorite. He a New York favorite. You gotta have Oak in the building. Yeah.


Yeah. We'll see what happen. I've been trying to get things situated with him. He just, he just one of them guys, You know, I call him Trump nephew. What the hell Oak. You ain't helping? I tried to get you in. He tried to stay out. I ain't, I ain't calling him Denny nephew damn truck nephew. Oh, okay. I'm tried to, I'm tried to get you in and you tried to stay out, man. Hey sometime, Hey I, hey, I am new to the cold, so I got a jacket all alright. On last question. Gimme your mouth. Rushmore power forwards your power forward. Gimme your four guys that you're gonna put on Mount Rushmore.


So is Hakeem a center, a power forward center? Wow. I'll say. Okay. So I'm gonna go with, so I'm gonna give you five. I'm gonna give you, you got four heads. Okay? Four. I mean, I, You know, okay, I'm gonna give you Kevin Kel point. Why I called my alarm. Give him flag. You know, sometimes we don't always see eye to eye. You, you don't see eye and a whole lot of people you see eye to eye with Oak. Well, like the guy from Auburn, he weighed about 400 a pounds. He's the third. Oh, Charles? Yeah, mark. And then I'm gonna, I'm gonna give it, I'm gonna give it, I'm gonna say old school.


I'm gonna give it to she Wallace. Crazy ass. Rashe. Hold up. How do you lead Tim Duncan off you? Tim Dun the center Tim. A four. Okay, well I, so I'm gonna start over then I'm gonna go Tim Dawkin. Kevin Kel. Okay. Charles Barkley, Carl Malone. Alright. I, I see, see Derrick Coleman. You know Jan and them guys, You know, I think all them guys the same. Yeah. Right. If, if so, if you had a team, who do you want you, I know y'all probably gonna take no, I, I starting King Wallace. No, no. My first, my first five power?


No. Johnny Love King Wallace. Huh? Giannis. Oh, sheem Wallace Giannis. Ooh, over Rashe? Yeah. Ooh, I don't know. I'm taking, she, I take Gish Fi should have been the best power four ever. Two to three. What? Do nothing better than him. But Dr. The ball up the court finish. No playing against all the, the little kids on the pool. That's why, man, you gotta play against who we play against Oak. Man. I know he been back in the 80 nineties. He been like, I told somebody he probably been on the bench because he can't make Fritos and couldn't shoot a jumper.


Mm. But my jumper better than hiss. My Fritos better than hiss. He a better athlete. Y'all, y'all the roughed him up though. He went the game in there. He gained weight after he got in the league. He had to come in the league with it. Oh. Or tell them how, tell the people how they can follow you on social media. What, what's your handle on ig? I'm real Oak 34 and I Twitter and I'm on Twitter. You know me then? Enforcer? Yeah. Oh. All 34 them in enforcer. Hey, hold on, hold on. Bob. And Huh? Oh, before you, before you go, oh, you gotta do me a favor, right? Yeah. During the NBA playoffs and during NBA season in general, I have a hit list of players, You know, that I've, that I've challenged that I have to play when we, when we have some time.


You know Joe Johnson? Who, who else, who else? Antoine Walker, Ken Kenya, Martin Antoine Walker, ISO Joe. Oh, I already said ISO Joe. Who, who else we got? Who else on my hit list? Huh? What y'all doing though? Oh, I'm playing. He playing 1, 1, 1 Playing everybody one-on-one. Right. So I need you, I need you to do me a small favor. I need you to, okay. I need you to tell Jordan I need to get a one-on-one with him One On one. Yeah. Right, right, right there. All right. I don't tell him. I don't want no excuses. I don't wanna hear nothing. We can go to 11. I'll spot him five right now. Oh Yeah. I'm like, I'm okay. If you see me play, you'll understand why I said that. I ain I ain't, I ain't counting your game out.


I'm just Saying. Yeah. Don't count me out. He stay right there for the moment. So, You know, he got a couple that shoes. Wouldn't that be a good one though? Okay. You'll give him, you, you go to the lab, you gonna give him five? Absolutely. And he get the ball first. I'm, I'm, I'm one of them. One. Oh, I'm one of you might Not see it. No, I just, I play football. I give you the ball first. You give him five? Nah, nah, nah, nah. Listen, listen. I'm, I'm a gentleman. I, I respect my elders. Okay. Well, he the oldest, so I understand that. Yeah. They always tell me if somebody owes you in the group, you gotta respect when they young, they gotta respect me. Absolutely. That's where that go. Alright, though. Hey, when I'm in Atlanta, I'm gonna hit you up, man. Let's go grab a bite. All right. And we gonna play that spade too? Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Oh yeah, Absolutely.


Hold on, hold on. What's, what's up? What's the money line? What we buying? I don't know. You know, I don't know. A thousand a game. That's easy. That's It. I miss that. You know, start over. Come On. That's Air Force one. You Know when you buy in again? So we start off, go up. Okay. Oh, well we gonna play more on one game. We start. So what we going, what we going what we going through? 300 to 500. 300. Okay. Good. Cool. Enough. Bet 500 for the whole hands. Oh, hey, lemme ask you this. Hold on. We the whole hand sandbags, sandbagging. You go over. We, we, we just play. Okay. If you ain't trying, if you fan back, you ain't, if you sand backing, you ain't trying to get 300.


Hey, don't worry about my hand. Your don't worry about you sandbagging. You bet you head. Don't worry about what I got. I like sandbagging. That mean you ain't trying to win you sandbagging. No, I'm trying to set you. Don't worry about what I'm Oh, oh, oh. You play, you play two sets and over. No, we don't. That's that's what I'm asking. Do you play? I don't play. I play whatever. I don't think I, I play firsthand. You get 10, that's 200. Yeah. Automatic win. Automatic win. Yeah, for sure. I don't play no blinds. No. Hey. Okay, so blind. I would run a Boston. I gonna run a Boston after the month. All. Well, I gonna run a Boston. Hey, Hey. Hey. I could already tell we already won.


Already won. We got this one. We got him. We got, we got him. I can't wait. Alright. Hey, stop. Babe, stop about Oak. I'll holler at you. Alright. Alright, Love. Oh man, that's my dog there man. Me and Oak go back a long, long way. Ocho he used to come down to the track workout with us. He come to the gym, work out with us. Yeah. Hey, we go eat after, after work it out, out right there. So, like I said, we go back when I, he's one of the first guys that welcomed me. He was already in Atlanta. Yeah. So he welcomed me. He welcomed me to Atlanta when I moved there in 94. And we've been, we've been cool. We've been hanging ever since. Yeah. That's live. That's live.


And we really listen Here. Alright, Joe, Gary Henry and the Baltimore Ravens reached an agreement today on a two year $30 million extension that includes 25 million fully guaranteed over the next two seasons for Todd France. Athletes. First it's the largest deal in NFL history for a running back over the age of 30. Yeah. D Henry is 31. Yeah, Henry. Rightfully so. You Like it, Right? Ab abso absolutely. Rightfully so. You know what you get, You know what you get, You know what you're gonna get from him. You understand how he take care of his body. He's a model citizen in the community on the field. Yep. So there's really no reason not to reward him for what he's gonna do in the future. You're not paying him for what he's already done.


Nope. You're paying him for what You know he is gonna do in the future because he's taking care of his body. And so based on the team they have around him, You know, he's gonna be productive no matter what. Yeah. Because the onus of the offense isn't just predicated on him by himself. You gotta worry about that quarterback. Bingo. So you can, you can, you could pay him that kind of money and understand he gonna be all right. I love it. I love the deal. I love the Ravens have always been a team that reward their players. Yeah. So I have no problem with this deal running back. James Cook applaud the deal. Congrats. He steals without an extension. He wants 15 per year. He was on the show. He was like, Hey, I think I've shown my worth.


I've, I've shown my value as of right now. The bill's like, okay. They don't seem to be like they're doing, they don't seem to be like they're doing anything. Obviously they tied up Josh Allen. Yeah. They got him tied up. I think they redid Russo. I think they redid his deal. So it's gonna be very interesting to see how this thing plays out. They have until, You know, hey, at some point in time before the season to get a deal done. Go ahead. I Think, I think they'll get it done for him. I think they're gonna get it done for him. Because one of the things that relieved some of the pressure off of Josh Allen is not the receiving corps, is having that young bull in the backfield. Yep. Him being able to not only carry the ball and take some of the pressure off Josh Allen, but being able to catch the ball out the backfield as well.


He can do so much. He's a Swiss army. He can do so much for them offensively. They got to reward him again. Another one who you can pay going forward based on what he can going to do in the future. Because he's young. Unc Yeah. He, you got to take care of him. You got to. I agree. Devon Hine spoke to about Dolphins being labeled as a soft team. We're going to show when the season comes, everybody who's saying those little remarks, let's make sure you keep that same energy. This year's team is way different than last year's team Ocho. Are the dolphins a soft team. Listen, until we, and I'm saying we, because I'm from Miami, born in Jackson Memorial Hospital in Dade County. I'm from Liberty City.


Right. And we've been soft every time it comes to, every time it comes to plan and cold weather, until we play Miami football and weather below 50 degrees, we are going to be continue to be called soft. Yep. So I don't, yeah, I don't care nothing about what eight chan is talking about. We are soft when it comes to playing in cold weather. And that is what we've been proven since the goddamn eighties. Yes. So Until we win the cold weather game, we soft. But I mean, You know, until you are able to beat teams and, and do what you're supposed to do. Because what happens is Ocho is that you beat the team.


Just you, You know, you beat beat down on teams. Yeah. But when you step up and You don't Show up, you'll get it done. Yeah. So you guys gonna have to, y'all, y'all gonna have to show I see. Better than I hear. I hear what you're saying, Devon. But you have to show me. Come season time after the NFL, after today's NFL schedule release, no game is currently more in demand than the Cowboys Eagles season opener, which has an average ticket price of $1,743. The next highest is the Chief Dallas on Thanksgiving, which is 1,491. And then Saturday, Saturday, Sunday night football pack of the Cowboys at 1295 the open of Sunday night game ball bar Buffalo 1,183.


And you got the Jets Buffalo Week 18 1160 $9. Hey boy, them prices, boy. Hell yeah. Fight the goddamn Super Bowl. Nosebleed them, them Super Bowl nosebleed ticket prices. Oh, you definitely ain't getting no 50 yard line. Not with the Cowboys eagles. You ain't sitting nowhere near no 50 yard line. Hell no. Hey, You know what they, I'm, You know, McCall, I'm, that's the George Pickens effect. No, that's, that's the, that's the, that's the Cowboys Eagles to Fame you got, because think about it. You opening up with the Super Bowl Champs With Champs, yeah. And you got the Cowboys. Yeah. Because that's already a big game because everybody's been clamoring for the NFL season to start.


So now it's starting. It's that Thursday after Labor Day and now you combine the Cowboys. Yeah. Yeah. Now I think the biggest game of the year, regular season is gonna be Cowboys Chiefs. That's a good, that Thanksgiving Day game. Yeah. That's, That's a good one. You know, everybody sitting around watching, don't you Absolutely cowboys that that game already does 40 million Now you bring Patrick Mahomes and let the game be close. Oh, let the game go into the fourth quarter, the final drive. Right. Man, you talking about you might get 50 million. Yeah. But I imagine this, imagine if the Cowboys having a good season, one of the one season where, You know, they, they win 10, 11, 12 something games or they, they ain't that good by the time you get to November.


Man, ain't no telling Adam. Adam Schefter thinks the NFL draft, lar draft lottery, excuse me, would be a home run for the league. What you think Ocho Keep it the same. Keep, keep it the same. Keep it the same. I mean, I like it. I saw Ryan Clark tweet it out as well. Adam, she tweeted out as well. I, I just like the format the way it is now, the teams that don't have the talent that they need or deserve need to get the best need to get the best products available coming outta college. Well, We will keep you off from tanking. Wait, You unc you can't tank. You can't tank in No. In the NFL. Yeah, you can. How?


It's impossible. Not play your best player. All of a sudden he got a, he got a injury. I look, I I I, I think the thing is, look, I I just don't, it would be very interesting to think that you don't, you don't know who go get Travis Hunter or who going get Cam Moore. Right. Not the team. Because the team that in basketball that lost the most games, didn't get, not gonna have the draft rights to Cooper Flag. Right. So just imagine Ocho I like it. But they, It might be a team Ocho it might be a team that got, what if it's Carolina got the first pick of the draft.


Now I can trade that. Pick OCHO and get me a Kings Ramer. Yeah, you right. You Right. What if it's, what if it's a team that has a quarterback? You know, fella, the fell a little hard time Billy. Yeah. Quick. But then look, look at, look, look at the flip side of it though. What if it's the team like hell, the goddamn eagle just won the Super Bowl. No, the Eagles wouldn't be, they they wouldn't be in the lottery. No, it's, it's just, it's the, the top basically top 15 teams. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now, now that, now that I like. Now I like that idea. Yeah. Now you take, take the cream of the crop out of it. Yeah. At the Bottom, The, the Eagles or the Chiefs ain't got no ping pong balls.


Hey, that, that I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Now that idea I like. Okay. OCHO Pro Football focus for all Travis Hunter, upcoming wide receiver combo matchups and wrote, welcome to the NFL Traffic Hunter. Which matchup are you most excited about in week one? It's Macmillan. What a Yeah. Ariz. Arizona. Not Arizona. Yeah. Week two. No, that's Carolina. He went to Carolina. Carolina. But he went to Arizona. Yeah. He's from Arizona. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Week two. Jamar Chase. Week three. Nico Collins. Week four. Brandon Iyke, week five. Rashe Weiss Rice with a week six. Jackson, Smith and Jig.


Week seven. Hookah. Kuah. Week 10. Nico Collins, week 11. LA MCC Hank Lab McConkey. Week 12. Marvin Harrison Jr. Week 15, Garrett Wilson. Week 18. Courtland Sutton. Week 60. Excuse me. Now week one, JC Horne. Week three. Derrick Stingley Jr. Week five T Trent McDuffy. Week six. Devon Witherspoon. Week 10 Stingley Jr. Week 13. La Jerry Snead. Week 14. Varus Ward. Week 15. SA Gardner. Week 16. Pastor Ted, week 17 Ward again. Week 18. Sneed again.


Woo. My goodness. Hey, he got be on his Nico Cols and Stingley Jr. In the same game. Oh, he got to be on his A game. You hear me? Tr McDuffy, Rasheed Weiss. Rasheed, we or Xavier worthy in the same game. You got to be on your A game. Hey, if there's somebody that's built for it, that has the confidence for it, that has the skillset. Now the only thing he, the only thing he gonna have to do, huh? From a technical standpoint. Well, you got to dot your I's and cross the T's. Boy you better You. I'm about from for athletic ability. Everything is even now. Yes.


Everything is even now. Everybody fast, everybody's small. Every everybody fast. Everybody. Everybody's strong. Everybody can run Goodall can do all. Yes. That don't mean nothing. Nope. You gotta be technically sound. Every goddamn snap. Every snap. Basketball, both sides, every Snap you get no plays off. Hey, I got chills. Just think about that. I can't wait though. Excited For The Chiefs are the first team in NFL history to receive five primetime games in the first eight weeks of a season. In week one, they played the Chargers in Brazil. In week three, they got the Giants on Sunday Night Football in week five at the Jags.


Monday Night Football, week six Sunday Night Football versus the Lions Week eight. They've got the Commanders Monday Night Football at home. They also play on Thanksgiving and Christmas is Kansas City. America's new team. Yeah, absolutely. They're s new team because they're consistently in the playoffs and consistently them. They're in the Super Bowl every year and in contention, which is why they have five prime time games. But even with all the winnings they are doing, You know who will always steal the headlines? Ooh. The Dallas Cowboys. Oh Yeah. No Matter what the Chiefs do. Yep. No matter what they do, they can win a hundred goddamn Super Bowls. They can be in the playoffs for a hundred years straight.


But something about the star will always steal and grab the headlines no matter what. Which is why they have somewhat of a Midseason not that good. Hell, they got four primetime games. You know? Meanwhile, three teams have zero primetime games. No surprise. The Browns, the Titans, and the Saints. Well, I think that's gonna change too. I can tell you one thing at any moment when Shado Sanders is the starter for the Cleveland Browns. Oh them Pride time. They ain't gonna click in next year. Oh you next year. They ain't coming this year. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody flexing to see Cleveland, Tennessee.


Order Saints.


Hey friend. I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered Better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses. Directed individual results may vary.


Oh Joe, this might be the best Thanksgiving Day slate of games in NFL history. Absolutely. Packers at the Lions Chiefs at the Cowboys Bengals. At the Ravens bonus. Bears At the Eagle on Friday, black Friday. Hey, classic. Classic. All, all the way across the board. Quarterback play. Look at the quarterback Play. Look at it. Look at look. I mean, I mean, wow. Jayden, Jaylen, You got the line, you got the quarterback play. You got love versus golf. You got Mahomes versus Dak. Yeah. You got Lamar versus Joey beat the receiving corps.


Loaded. Yes. Yes. I'm excited. Hey, Thanksgiving this year gonna be a blast for us. Ocho we gonna be a blast for us this year. Ocho and, and then, You know, black Friday, Who played black? Who who? The Black Friday game. How many games Rounds at Eagles? I mean, excuse me. Bears at Eagles. Just one game. Yeah. I like it. I like it. Yeah man. It's gonna be Jose DJ Moore. Hold on, I'm missing somebody. A domesday DJ Moore. They just added somebody. Oh, they just took a tight end in the first round. They took a tight end.


Okay. They took that tight end from Michigan, paired it with Cole Mette. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's right. 'cause I thought they were gonna get the one from Penn State. I can't remember number 44. I can't remember his name. I thought they was gonna take him. The one from Michigan went first. Oh. Joe Bravada just released the odds for who will be the next sports media personality to pursue, to appear on General Hospital. The betting favorite is yours truly. And plus 900 You. Yes. I like that. Right. I like that. Boy. Get your act on what Charles Barkley and Pat McAfee came in second at plus nine 50. Right. Shaquille O'Neal came in at plus 1000.


Mace and or Cameron came in at plus 1200. Okay. Gilbert Arenas. Go ahead Gil. Plus 1500. Mina Kees at plus 2000 Taylor Rooks at plus 3000. Mm. Hey, I, I I could see you, You know, little general gen, general hospital bowl. I could see that. I could see that. I like that. I like that. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Get your ball little. You know, I used to love the soaps, You know? Yeah. I was big enough younger than restless and bolding the beautiful that that's why, You know, I like it. I, I ain't watch the days life as the world turns like saying through an hourglass.


Oh man. That classic. Alright, ojo, it's time for our final segment of the evening. Oh man. Oak was unbelievable. We got an hour, hour plus with, oh man. That was great time for our final segment of the evening. It is time for q and a Laney Ray. Hello Lainey. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for staying up late. This one is for all the haters. Ramble was a force tonight. Wolves and fives again, wolves back. You know, obviously Lani is from Minnesota. She's extremely, extremely happy about her wolves. She's all things Minnesota. She loves, she loves the bikes. She loves the T Wolves.


Do they have they have a hockey the stars, they have a, they have a hockey team. They got a baseball team. The twins, they used to be good. The wild, wild, wild Dallas stars. The twins used to be good when they had Kirby Puckett. Who else did they have? They had, I think Burp line 11. Jack, Jack Morris, I think pitched for them too. But they used to be, the twins used to be good. They weren't two World Series, but they kind of follow up, falling on hard times right now. So. All right. Celebrate Lainey. Tyron. What's up? Uncle Ocho? What was up with Jimmy Butler? He was not aggressive at all. 11 shots this game. Nine shots last game. Tyron. That's what I wanna know. Yeah. I I think He, that's what I wanna know, Tyran.


I really, I really think he heard it. I, I I, I, I really think he does. Every time he Drives people parlay He get he, he get, he get in the paint, You know, throw it back out instead of continue to drive or trying to create a shot or at least draw a foul or do something. I, he just, I, I don't know. He was, he was hesitant. And I thought maybe the crowd got to him with the boom. But think it, just thinking about it, it's Jimmy Butler. He's been around for a very long time. Right. The crowd boom every time he touched the ball. Yeah. Really shouldn't affect you at all. Richie. Shoot, Saul said Uncle Ocho does Atman have all the infinity stones now? He got a bunch of 'em.


Yeah. He, You know, got, he Got the main one. Got, You know. Huh? He can't snap his fingers yet. Yeah. He need to get that, he need to get take somebody on the east. So I guess JT and JV gotta get those. But he got, he got a on the west, he got 'em. He done take out some big ones. Danny Littlejohn, other Ocho. Is it fair to say the injuries LeBron and Curry has made the wolves advance a lot easier versus the Warriors go seven games with Curry? Look, LeBron got hurt the last game. He wasn't hurt the first, the first four games. So no. Now it'd been very interesting to see. We saw what happened the first game with Curry in there.


Even though he got hurt in the second quarter and they were able to ride that momentum all the way through. It would've been very interesting. But I'm not gonna say LeBron's injury because LeBron wasn't injured. The first four games. Nelson Black, Nicks, Timbaland kicks Michael Vicks, Boston himself. Mark Jasmine said, I'm ready for prime effect this football season. The the what ifs will be in full effect be on the lookout for the Panthers. I hope The Panthers, I think the quarterback. Yeah, they got some weapons now. They gave some weapons in Carolina. I like it. I like what they got. Bryce Young, Dr. Frankie Ella Bellamy said, thank you Doc.


Hey fam, which really shaped which one really shaped the soul of black music. Eight tracks, cassettes, or CDs. Love y'all. Eight track. Eight track. All right. Eight track, eight tracks. That's where it all started, huh? Yes. All started. I'm surprised though. I'm surprised she didn't mention vinyls. Yeah. Like Michelle and Dig Cello said Sit back, relax and listen to a eight track. I dig you like an old soul record. Hmm. Listen, I'm digging you. I Got, I got, I remember them days. I remember you used going down Ocho and you was like, okay, on your eight track Ocho, you want, okay, I want this song, this song, this song, this song.


I want that song, that song, that song. And they ah, man had to be quiet though, because you had to go somewhere. 'cause you could hear everything. Yep. You gotta start all over again. But there was, there were the days, You know, you had the incense burning Ocho, You know what I'm saying? You go get your, your candles. You get your incense. Oh man. Yeah. And them days ain't coming back on you. How they not, You know, them days ain't coming back on you. They not, I listen, I remember, I remember my day, I remember my days in, in, in high school, You know, having, having, having cassette tapes and having special cassette tapes made for certain moments, You know? Right. For certain moments. And I, I, I would never be able to get that, that feeling and that, that original feeling of having to hit press, rewind and hidden pause or press rewind and hidden play and having to go back and for, oh man, it it, oh my goodness.


Unc. Alright. Ocho Kemp, no Wood JR Ocho, my question, what are your top five old school songs by Marvin Gaye? Ooh, Marvin Gaye. I got, I gotta go, I gotta go. Let's get it on. Huh? That's number one. Heard it through the grapevine. What's going on? Come on, Ocho. Sexual healing. Sexual healing. Yep.


Damnit. Distant Lover. Distant Lover. Yeah, Lover. You know what, we can't sing that. 'cause You know the Marvin gay states boy, they don't play. They su Boy Ain't no Mountain High, I think. Wasn't that him and Tammy Terrell rest her soul. Mama. Mama. Thinking about the Vietnam War. Marvin Gaye. Marvin Gaye. Can I add, I don't even know this is, can I add the star span banner? He saying at the All Star Inc. Not that his song though. Huh? That's not his song though. I Say, oh, he's the only person.


Hey, chat. I chat please. Listen to me real quick. If you never heard Marvin Gaye sing the Star Span banner at the 1984 NBA All-Star game, please go listen to that. The only, the only, only Star Springer banner that rivals that would be Whitney Houston when she sang at her year for the Super Bowl. Yep. Oh my goodness. It was in Tampa. Never seen that would be, that was the Buffalo Giant Super Bowl, 1990. Who? That was the Buffalo Giant Super Bowl, right? In Tampa. Oh, 1990. Okay. Oh, oh, the year. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Man, That Whitney and that, that Marvin Gaye rendition, how soulful he sang it.


Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Yeah. That's why I said when it comes to, when it comes to r and b, Marvin Gaye, it's, it's Mount, it's on Mount Rushmore. Absolutely. Yeah. Hey. And it, it is so, it's so many too, from his era though, huh? It of both. It, it's So Many can see. They could sing sing back then. Yes. They could really sing because you had him and you had Teddy Pendergrass, you had Luther Vandross. Hey, you had Freddie Jack. I mean, you at a, it Goes on. It goes on. And no, it's a long Guys. Could they, could they, they don't make 'em like that no more. Ocho Nah, Nah. They don't make 'em like that no more. R and b is not the same in general. Would that be, that would be r and b, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, man. It's not the same no more. When you, when you talking about, we talking about begging, you talking about begging and you gotta get your girl back. Ooh. But if they was, they were singing back then, man, And listen, with no shame. None At all. No shame. Ne Nehemiah, Jean Philippe said, my cousin family suffered a heartbreak and loss this weekend. A tragedy losing their children five and seven in the car accident. Please keep them in your thoughts and prayers that they navigate an incredible difficult time. Yes. Our thoughts and prayers go out to your, your cousin's family. It is soul man.


Losing a child. No parent should have to bury a child. This, it was supposed to be the other way around, but that's not always how it works out. And so our thoughts and prayers go out to your family, Nightcap family. We'll keep them in our thoughts and prayers, and hopefully God give them understanding strength to get through this trouble time. Thank you for sharing that with us. Yeah. Rugby, Millie Vlogs. Ocho. Where's UNCs card and Madden? Make it happen, please. He's one of the, the best T it's coming. One Of the best teammates y'all had. Huh? I said we gonna, we gonna get your card now we gonna get your card. You know, who, Who was the best teammate you had? Ocho the, The best teammate? Yeah.


Pro probably, probably tj. Probably TJ being the fact that we were together for so long. We were from in college at Oregon State together, You know? Right on, right on Cincinnati. So Just Cincinnati. Yeah. That, that chemistry and that, that, that continuity with my young bull man. That's my dog. Yeah. Yeah. Bunk and Burns. Burn bucket was my high, was my college teammate. Met him in 88. Burns was my teammate. 94. We've been best. And, and those guys have been my two best friends all the way. Yeah. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap as the Minnesota Timberwolves advance to the Western Conference Finals. Thanks to a 1 21, 1 10 victory over the Golden State Warriors.


They win that Series four one, the Boston Celtics stay alive, thanks to a great performance. Got a lot of, got contributions all over, but mainly from Derrick White and Jalen Brown, who had 22, I think he had 22 points. No, he had 26 points, excuse me, 12 assists, and he had a seven rebounds. He was sensational. Tonight, he did a little bit of everything. Thought he was gonna end up having a triple double. He came very, very close, but he did what he was supposed to do. Filling in the absence of Jason Tatum, he took over a lot of the load and they stave off elimination as they force a gain. Six. Headed back to MSG, thanks to 1 27, 1 0 2 Victory.


Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. You make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. Every podcast subscriber matters. Thank you. Every podcast subscriber counts. Thank you guys for helping us ascend to the heights that we've ascended to, because without you, there can never beat any of us. Go ahead. You know what I forgot to say, Chad, I'm, I'm in LA too, and I had the opportunity, obviously I flew in this morning to LA and had the opportunity to check out Marathon Burgers.


I want to thank Black, black Sam and Adam Mann for the hospitality, the love that they showed. If you haven't been to Marathon Burgers on Melrose, you gotta check that out as well. I also got me a part-time job at the ki on Sunset, so Yeah. Yeah. If you need any clothes, you need me shoes, Ronnie Fig. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Make sure y'all, y'all go by kids on Sunset and ask for me and you get 20% off. Well, what else did I do? Oh, my son graduates Friday morning from Arizona State. Cj Congratulations. My daughter graduates from Prairie View a and m on Saturday morning. So I'm, I'm doing a lot of flying around right now, so I'm talking to the rookies tomorrow here in LA on, yeah.


I'm assuming it's part of the, it's part of the N-F-L-P-A, I'm assuming it's some part of the Rookie Symposium. Well, the Symposium, yeah. Yeah, yeah. So I'm doing that and I know my, I know my babies are watching. Cj, congratulations on graduating Sade, my little diva. Congratulations as well. So that's pretty much it. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter Premium VSOP, that's won many, many awards for TAs packaging and presentation. Now, if you cannot find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media, and my clothing company 84, with 84 being spelled out.


That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited, and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami nyc, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@sheshemedia.com slash tour. That's sheshe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now to check out your favorite on and ocho. Thank you for joining us again for Nightcap Out Up. He's ocho. We will see you back tomorrow night. Thank you for very much for joining us. The Volume.


Hey, friend. I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better women. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again, confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.