
Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Firkin Demers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and N ad's. Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Kin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wow. Wow, wow. Yeah. This might've been, I don't know, ocho Yeah. This one, this game and maybe Texas, Arizona State have been the best two games thus far in the college football playoffs. Easily. This is what you hope. This is what you hope for ocho. Yeah. All you wanted to come down to a couple of plays here or there, right? Not these blowouts that we got in the first round. Not what we got with Georgia and Notre Dame. But these are the type of games that when the committee put it together, they were hoping for, maybe they hoped for it a little earlier, but they got it in the semifinals. Hopefully we can get another one of these to tomorrow night with Texas and Ohio State. We'll talk about that a little later. Ocho, thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap.


Y'all know me, your favorite uncle. As you watch Notre Dame, take down Penn State 27 24 with a late field goal with about 10 seconds left in the ball game, and they win the ball game. The guy right there is Liberty City, legend Bengals, ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure, make sure you guys hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. We thank you guys for the support that you've given us in 23, 24, and into 25. And hopefully you'll continue to support us because without you, there can be no us.


Make sure you check out Shea ba la portier. Let's celebrate 2025 as we take in 2024. Let's rejoice and make 25 20 25 the best year yet. What better way to do that when the bottle of Sha by La Poitier. And if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to you. And please, please, Drake responsibly. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of it platforms. That's she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84, with 84 being spelled out. Our latest release just dropped last month. We had t-shirts, sweats, beanies, cos and mugs. Quantities unlimited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies.


Last ticket for our, for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans is our first spring tour stop. Excuse me. And they're on sale now. The link is pinned at the ch at the top of the chat. It's February 6th in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Yeah. Be there. You don't want to miss it. We've got some big guests lined up. Yeah. And it's gonna be very entertaining, like at all of our live show. Are I got a question? Yes. I hate, I hate to be that one, you know, but I just wanna know, can I get, can we get a guest? Can we get one guest name? Can we get something? Can we get like a hint? Like when movies, when movies are coming out, movies always have a trailer and trailers are purposely to attract the viewing audience who want to go watch the movie.


So can we get a hint on a guest, you know, for, for me, for for Ocho. Be there. Oh, he going? Yeah. I hope So. You know what? I give you one guest. Yeah. You know who gonna be, we got a special guest. Who that? You gonna announce something? Who that? Who that? O Hail. OR Oh, come on. Come on man. Come on. I, I I don't know. I got Listen. Now we, we might have to go over a little paperwork before we do, before we do all that. Now Be paperwork. Okay. We gotta do a little, little paperwork. 'cause Not Notre Dame wins Orange Bowl and advances to the national title game.


Mitch Jetter kicked the 41 yard field goal in the Orange Bowl in the final seconds to give Notre Dame a 27 24 victory over Penn State. And they will face the winner of the Texas, Ohio State game Mojo. Look, this game turned out to be very exciting. Yeah. Considering the limitations of the quarterbacks. Yes. Me personally, and this is not to disp try to disparage anyone, but I think both quarterbacks are limited. Yeah. Both quarterbacks have limitations that limit what we, but because both quarter, it wasn't like one quarterback was better than the other. Right. And we got it lopsided because both of 'em was limited. We got a hell of a ball game. Bingo. Be and be because of that.


Listen, the game ended the way people, if you, if you travel, if you paid the amount of money you paid to come all the way to Miami, to the, to the Hard Rock Stadium, to Watson, Notre Dame versus Penn State, you got your money's worth. You got your money's worth. Absolutely. I know Penn State fans might be upset that they're going home, but the way the game came out and the, the, the announcers jinx, the announcer jinx the, the, oh my goodness. The announcers jinx the quarterback for Penn State towards the end of the game. 'cause one of the first thing they said soon as they got the ball back was he doesn't turn the ball over much. And he has an all season long and what you think the first goddamn thing he does when he goes back to throw ball, Pick, pick Interception.


Soon as the interception happens, I say, you know what? That's it right there. Not Dame just has to make a few plays. Get a few yards, get in field goal range for, for, is it Miss Jeter? Is that, is that, is that name? This Jeter? I mean, you know, like car, like Carmelita Jetter spells her name the same way. Right? But it says Jet, he said Jeter. Yeah. Like Derek Jeter. She says Jetter. So we'll go with Jeter. Let's go whatever. We What, what did they say? What did, because I don't hear the sound. So what did they say? I, I I, I, I can't remember. I, I, I remember, I remember the m part. I remember the mish part, but I know one thing. Yeah. I don't know if he's married. I don't know if he has a girlfriend, but boy Lakia after he, after making a, after making a game winning field like that, to take your, take your school to the national championship or anything you want, anything you want in South Bend where you ain't never gotta pay.


Ever. Oh yeah. He could. He good Have to pay for a thing again. And mind you, mind you, the king game, the Notre Dame King game was one of the worst in the, is it FBS? Yes. Yeah. They, they, they wasn't, they, they weren't that great at it, you know, despite the record. But congratulations to Notre Dame. Congratulations. What's, what's, ah, God, it's, it, it's one more person. Matter of fact, congratulations to Ryan Clark song Marcus. Oh, I thought you gonna say Marcus Freeman. Oh, Marcus. Head coach Notre Dame. Mark Marcus, Marcus Freeman as well. Ryan Clark's son also played for, not Dame. Congratulations to him as well. I'm excited. But I could tell you, I could tell you who they gonna have to play already. I could tell you that right now. Ohio.


Oh, Ohio State. Yeah. Absolutely. Listen, as, as great as yours is, as great as Texas is, as good as that Texas defense is, they ain't finna be able to do nothing with the boys in Ohio State. Well, we know when Ohio State plays, I, if Ohio State, if everybody plays their best Ohio State's the best team. Absolutely. But it doesn't matter. Right. Are you gonna play your best when it matters? Right. Because we, we saw them lose to Michigan on their home field. Yeah. When they were a three touchdown favorite. So anything can happen. Oh, Joe, look, and this is why I tell people this Riley, Leonard turned the ball over twice.


Aller turned the ball over once, which turnover was more costly? The one, the one That, that's what I be trying to tell y'all. Right? When y'all look at stats, oh, he threw for five touchdowns. Oh, he threw 400 yards, but he had a turnover late in the ballgame. Right. You see the difference and The cost. You see the difference. Yeah. One guy had two, the other guy had one, but the guy that turned the ball over one time, his turnover was more costly than the guy that turned it over twice. And so that's why you watch the ball game. And look at the ball game. I'm watching these and I tweeted early. I said, bro, woo, these quarterbacks leave a lot to be desired.


I mean, they just sailing the ball. I'm like, damn. I'm like, woo. But I thought Notre Dame got away from the run game early in the fir in the first half. They got away from the run game Ocho. Yeah. But if you see the way they started to got the second half run, run, run path. Run, run. Yeah. Touchdown. Let's get back to what we do. Listen, bro, y'all, y'all ain't got km war. Y'all don't have Shado Sanders. Right? Y those guys are not just drop back, throw the ball all over the field. They're not capable of that. And Aller, who Lord have mercy, he talking about, well, I'm coming back to school. You should, as a matter of fact, you should ask Cade, can you come back for two more years and after next year five for a medical red shirt So you can come back again.


Because boy ooh Ocho I mean, they ran the ball 42 times for 204 yards. Great, great. You can live. Hey, I can live with that. Carry on any day. On any day. Ooh. But, and I look Ocho look, it was, it was a situation. I wish these guys could have met up for the national championship. So that way we was assured. Right. It was kinda like Tony Dungy and Luby Smith Right. When they met in the Super Bowl. And one way we were gonna get a black coach as the super, the first black coach in the Super Bowl champion. Right. We were going to get that one way or another. Right. I look at Marcus Freeman. Marcus Freeman looks like a guy that I would enjoy playing for. Yeah.


He looks like, obviously he knows what the hell he is doing. Yes, sir. But he has that passion. I see the passion in which you coach with when his guys do something good, he, and, and, and, and even when they make a mistake, he's not by brown beating him. He's not in their face. Right. It's a teachable moment for him. He strikes me as a guy that I would really love to play for. Not that I say I wouldn't love to play for James Franklin, but he's a little bit more calm, a little bit more stoic. But I love, I love the passion Yeah. In which Marcus Freeman coaches with Yeah. Marcus Freeman is the kind of coach that would resonate with the players a lot. You can, you can tell they can relate to him. The passion, the aura, the energy that he has, the energy that he coaches with. He reminds me of a, a very, very young Pete Carroll, if you ever watch Pete Carroll on the sidelines the way he interacts.


Yes. And he's energetic with the players as well. There, there, there are a few coaches that are like that in the NFL and at the collegiate level. But it's one of those that the players will love. And you know what, if you have to play for him, he's the type of coach you'll run through a wall for. Yeah. I Exactly. Yeah. That's exactly what you got tonight. And I think that's one of the reasons why Notre Dame are in the national championship. Because it all starts not only from the top, but it starts from the coach first. It starts from the coach first, and it trickles into your players, your coaching staff and everybody else. So God, congratulations on Notre Dame. They haven't, they haven't won a national championship, what, since the fifties? No, 88. 88. Oh, matter of fact, 88 was with Lou Ho Tony Rice.


Yeah. Yeah. But the goddamn, ah, that option boy, huh? Yeah. Oh Yeah. But it was, it was, it was, it was a great ball game. Not Notre Dame. Notre Dame. You know what, I like the mo the best is that, you know, and, and I'm going somebody, Brian Kelly about to catch a spray because he always does this. He always gets his team there. And he leaves in the middle. He did this to Cincinnati. Right. He took the Notre Dame job. He did Notre Dame. He ended up taking the LSU job. Right. I would like to see him win it just for that fact. Right. Ah, Brian Kelly, you he did something that you couldn't do. Yeah. Yeah. That I, I I'm petty, I'm petty like that.


Ocho Yeah. But I like Marcus Freeman. He got the job. The, the, I think the, the president, I don't think they have, I don't know if they have an athletic director, but I think the, the president Jack Swap. Hey, this is our guy. Right. This is our guy. It wasn't all that old hullabaloo make the man jump through hoop hoops. Yeah. He loved what he saw. He saw him on campus every day. He reinstituted where the guys, they go to mass before they go to the game. Ocho. Right. And when they leave mass, they go directly to the stadium. You know who cut it out? I ain't gonna call his name Ryan Kelly. He cut it out. But Marcus Freeman re-instituted it. Right. And they have mass on the road and, and so forth and so on. But I really like Marcus Freeman.


I've never met the man, but I'm just watching him on the sideline. I watch his mannerism. I say, yeah, 18, 18-year-old Shana Sharp could definitely go play for him. Yeah. Absolutely. I love the passion. I love him. What, what he plays, what he stands for, and how his players really, really, really, really like him. And it's like I said, it's not that I don't like James Franklin. 'cause I like James Franklin. Right. Had he not, I just hate the situation. I would've liked to see these guys in the national championship game. But unfortunately it worked out the way it did. Penn State had a really good season. But that quarterback's gonna have to get exponentially better if they're gonna get all the way to the top if they want to go all the way. 'cause your quarterback's gonna have to make plays on Joe. Yeah. It, it just, he just have to.


Yeah. And you see Riley, Leonard made a cup of throws late in the ball game. Yeah. Allen didn't make enough. Listen, it all comes down to his decision making coach. That's all, that's all it comes down to. And he shoulda have had two interceptions. They call that pi. That ball was so woefully under thrown Ocho in the Yeah, but also lying. He, he, he, No, I ain't, I ain't talking about that one. They called the pi on that one. Yeah. I'm talking about when he was trying to hit his tight end 44. Yeah. And it was under throne and dude intercepted it. Right. And they called, they called Pi on that. Yeah. Well, he threw three intercepts. But that was because he, he held it. Yeah. And even on that long. But this was a good game, Ocho I didn't, I did not expect this game to be this good.


Right. Looking at the quarterback playing the limited, how limited it was. But I was in the game. I was like, bro, you see all that inside pressure run a bubble screen. Yeah. Because you got one on one, you get a block. All you wanna do is get in field, go raid. Right. But you hit this bubble screen. Don't, yo, you miss a make miss a tackle you to the house. Yeah. They, you know, I, I was saying it looked like Notre Dame almost didn't have a answer, but the pressure that Penn State was putting on at the end of the game, they didn't. I, I Like because they got, because the, the, the thing is, I mean, they was getting, he was fooling them. They thought they was gonna come with pressure. They come with a four man rush to get home through. Yeah. That, that was about to say. Yes. Same thing. They used, they, they getting home with a three man rush. They could Yes. Beating him. They got the backers. The backers in the goddamn a gap.


Like they coming, but they not coming. So. Right. I, I, I don't, and they Bring, They made it a little bit more difficult than it should be. What we, they call it mugging. Yeah. Yeah. They put, they, they walk the guys up in the middle and you think inside pressure's coming, but they bring edge pressure. It's just, it's, it's still for men. Right. But you think those two coming, they're not coming. They're bailing out. Right. And the two outside guys, but Leonard doesn't really have any feel. I'm like, bro, you don't feel the guy inside and you step right up and go and Abdul Carter side. I was like, bro, you got to be able to feel that. Hey, Abdu the really good ones, they feel It. Listen, that Abdul Carter man, listen. Yeah. Boy. Young bull gonna be special boy. It's something.


There's something about the Well, If you wear that number, you wear that number, you gotta be special. Boy. Listen, there's something about the defensive ends that come out of Penn State that wear the number 11 special. He's special. Yeah. He showed, he showed a party. I'm, I'm mad that his play wasn't warranted with a w behind it. But he gonna be nice. Yes. Now he's gonna have to work on a counter move. 'cause right now all he got is the underarm rip. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. If you notice, oh, Joe, what'd he do? Underarm rip every time. Yep. Yeah. Underarm Rip. Now he's gonna have to work on a counter. Go with the bull. Go with the FA Come, come cut, hit him With Dwight free. Hit him with the Dwight free, hit the inside show spin and get on. Come come age. He young and he have multiple things that he can do.


Obviously playing the deep end position. I'm not the defensive end, but I understand there are mult a multitude of things you can do coming off the edge. You can set 'em outside and bring them back in. You can set 'em inside and bring 'em back out. You can boot brush, you can rip inside. You can you can spin you, you could come high. You can cut lower and spin off. Niggas swap that. It's, Hey. Yeah. Listen, it's so many things you can do. You could have in your, but They say he's hurt. They say he's dealing with some injury because Oh, he hurt. If you look at it, when he came, he, the one driver that came at the second half, he missed, he missed a lot. Lot of the plays. And they went right down the field. Yeah. And when he was on the field, 'cause he was hell Right. His first step Quick. Oh, he could jump off the ball quick.


And that's what those guys, you look at bar, bar war number 11 Mm. You look at Michael Parsons, he wore number 11. Yeah. Those guys really get up the hey, their first step. And that's what you need to have that initial quickness Yeah. To get to the edge. And then once you get to edge and he can be in, that's what you gotta have, you gotta have that pliability guys that can bend. Yeah. You look at a VN Miller, you look at a Derrick Thomas, you look at a TJ y Yeah. You look at a, a a Michael Parsons, you look guys even Miles Garrett at his size Yeah. Can bend. Hey, Brucey, go back in the studies. I mean, Brucey damn near be parallel to the ground and 280 pounds. And he, oh Man. He's strong as hell now.


Yeah. But I, I like, I like the kid. He's gonna be a, he's gonna be a hot draft pick. He ain't, he ain't getting outside the top 10. He ain't Getting outside The top 10. He might not get outta the top five. Honestly. He might not, he might not get It all depends on what, who's drafting in that spot. Right. Does somebody fall in love with him and move up? Right. Right, right. And go grab him, ma. Yeah. But you know, teams all, all, all things being equal. You want the quarterback? Yeah. Yeah. You want that guy? Well, hold on because that's the guy that's gonna touch it every time. It's, it's, that's the guy that's gonna produce your points. It, it is. Only two of 'em now. True. It, it, it is only two up, man. They, it ain't that many to go around. Especially in this draft that of quality that you can no franchise.


Quarterbacks,


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress. E free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out of network ATMs.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcast.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Kin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure of Kaza ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I love the tight end from Penn State Warren. Yeah. I see why. I see why he won the, the, the the MIA Award. Oh yeah. A nation stop. Tight, tight end. He nice. He's big. He can run. Now the one thing we know about Notre Dame, they're gonna keep them some big ass tight ends that can run and catch. Oh yeah. You know, they, they, I don't know where they get the, Hey, can you run, can you catch us? You gonna play tight end. Go to Notre Dame. They keep him. Okay. I'm talking about 6 5, 6. I damn. Yeah. Listen, listen, they keep, when you think about university, I mean Titan University as opposed to the moniker that LSU has been, been, has garnered wide receiver garnered is it is either Iowa or Notre Dame with, or Notre Dame. Yep. Yep.


Iowa, Notre Dame. There's something about them in producing tight ends that always farewell the Midwest. The next level, They get them corn, they get them corn. Fa they youth to working on the farm, They don't care enough. They don't care nothing about the cold. They a but I, I like, I like him. I like the, I like the tight the the tight end for P State. Yeah. Got great hands, got great, got great vulnerability. He got, he got decent hips. Mm. And that's what I look for when I look at a tight end. I'm looking at his hip. Can he dip his hip? Can he drop his hip? All right. Right. You drop his hip, he can play, he can move that way. He's fluid and all the tight end. You look at 'em, most of 'em are big now. And they're, look, obviously, they're not gonna be able to drop their hips like I could.


'cause hell I played wide receiver. Yeah. And I was only 228 pounds. Well talk, Talk to about That. They could drop their hips. They can drop their hips well enough at 2 45, 2 50. Those guys are huge, man. They're looking at, I mean, I'm looking at these dudes, I'm like, what the hell? Right? But They can move you look at Hawkinson, you look at Kittle, you look at Kelsey La Porta, you look at McBride, you look at La Porta, you look at Ingram, all these guys, big guys, 6 3, 6 4, 6 5, 2 45, 2 55, 2 60 can run, can drop their hips. How big, how big is Brock Bowers, Brock Bower's? Probably about 6 3, 6 4. About 2 45, 2 50. So all of 'em big like that? All of them. Yes.


Yes. Oh, I I'm the last of a dying breed. You're not gonna see more tiny hips like sharp 6 2, 228 pound cleared that position. Right. Bro, you gotta think about it. Dk Metcalf bigger than me. Julio was bigger than me. T was big, bro. I'll say it, bro. Hey, so I got a question at at five. I'm, I'm gonna call you a hybrid. I'm, I'm gonna call you. Yeah. I was. Yeah, please. From the outside and outside. Eight. Yeah. What do You on running plays? How did they hide you? Oh, IB, most of the time I was backside. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Well that backside, that, that gives it away for the defense every time. So if they know you're backside, they know the, the, the play coming from. But see, that's what I want you to do. See, I want you to be worried about trying to get a chip on me to keep me from getting out on the play.


Because back then, a lot of times if you played a seven, you played a nine or a seven. Right. You know, Hey, give him a, give him a, a a a a chuck on the way out before he get off. We don't want him to free release to eat up our linebacker. Eat up our safety. Right. Well, you thinking about that now, I done got inside and cut you off. Now TD hit the hole. Okay. I see you. I see All my job. See, my job wasn't to dominate the, and push you wave five yards down the scrimmage. Right. All I needed to do was get TD to the line of scrimmage. Right. That's it. My job was complete. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. My job was complete. Now, hey, don't let the sign woo, you not, I don't tie a ladder up. Woo woo. Hey, get above me. I, I don't know.


I I done tied him up in a boat. Ojo. Get him off. Real. Get him off here. Yeah. Yeah. But this was a good game. Mocho LER was 12 or 23 for 139 to one score. Notre Dame was dealing with the flu. I think they had an outbreak of the flu over the last couple days that permeated the locker room. Right. But they were over, they were over able to overcome that. Congratulations to the fighting Irish 14 and one one went away from doing something they haven't done since 88 in 37 years. Mm. Win the national championship. Penn State, great season. Finished 13 and three. One win away from advancement to the national championship game.


But it was not to be it, the night belonged to the Irish of Notre Dame. Congratulations. Marcus Freeman and the man at Notre Dame as you move on 27 24 with a victory over Penn State. Ocho Tyreek Hill agent. That, that was, That was my agent too. Huh? Okay. The wide receiver is committed to the Do Dolphins, despite post-game comments. Tyreek reportedly met with Dolphins, general manager, Chris Greer and head coach Mike McDaniel earlier this week. And Rosenhaus believes his client remains faithful to the club. Excuse me. I think at the end of the day, he's committed to this Dolphins football team.


He had an excellent meeting with Chris Greer and Mike McDaniel. I believe that Tyreek is a great asset to the Dolphins. And I think he's, he's the least guy that the people should be worried about this for this organization. They have many more worries. Tyreek Hill is not one of them. Right. All I know, look, he mentioned this about the broken wrist and all that. All I know is this. They asked Tyreek to go in to ga. If we believe, if we are to believe what Mike McDaniel said, he asked Tyreek to go in the game in the fourth quarter. They said, Tyreek said he was unavailable.


It was brought to Mike McDaniel. Is it an it is not a new injury. Now he said he had a broke wrist, blah, blah, blah. Okay, fine. But at the, at the thing, if you started the game with that, right, you got, you can't leave him high and dry. There was a sound, wasn't there a sound that Waddle asked? Re are you okay? And what did Tyree say? Yeah. Yeah. It ain't a good look. Ocho Yeah, yeah. There's no different, and I said this before, there's no different than what AB did in that very stadium. There's no different than what Campbell did for the 49 ERs. And then, and then to exacerbate, to make matters worse, this man put a, change his profile, put his face on ab.


And we're supposed to say like, oh, there's nothing wrong now. Mean, listen, listen there, there's something wrong. There's something wrong. Listen, where there's smoke, there's fire y always, no matter what Drew Rosa House says, you know, no matter. And, and listen, cheetah said, said what he wanna say. There were frustrations. What led to that? Not going back into the game. We would never know the true answer. Right? We'll never know the true answer. Listen, I could sit back, I could sit here and call him and be like, Hey bro, what happened? What really happened? Why didn't you go back into the game? What was wrong? Were you tired of getting cardio? Were you tired of the fact that they weren't able to get to the ball? You know, are you upset that you know the season? What isn't what it should have been for you? No. Obviously, absolutely. Obviously with tour injuries early in the season and then not having the time, the adequate time, or getting the opportunity needed once he came back in the game to get your numbers where they should be for the type of player that you are.


Listen, re if you see this, I mean, it is Cheetah. Justin Jefferson had a good season this year. Jamar Chase had a phenomenal obviously Triple Crown winner winner this year. Tyree is still the best receiver at the NFLI. I don't want people to forget that, unc. I don't, I don't, I don't want you to forgive. Now I know what we see at this. What have you done for me lately? Obviously there are reasons why is seasoning go the way it did this year. There's reasons why we understand. We understand that. But Cheetah is still the most dangerous receiver in today's NFL. I don't want people in the chat to ever forget that. Yeah. Because of a doubt. Let's not, let's not, let's not. I believe he's the most dangerous, but I believe as far as total receiver, oh. So I think chasing, I think Ja Chase and Jefferson fast.


Listen, there, there, there are more than one way to skin a cat. Right? There are more than ways. Yes. Absolutely. Listen, chase is scary. Justin, Jefferson, You talking about Catfish though, right? Huh? You talking about skin a catfish, right? Yes, sir. Yes sir. Okay. Okay. I, I don't want to get, but I don't want Peter to come in here and try to shut us down, Joe. Right? Oh, My bad. Hey, what, what? I'm just saying from, from an instance of who you don't want to face, who you don't want, who you don't want to touch the ball and have any kind of crease or any kind of angle and listen you mind, well, the fat lady might as well, all singing that will, that will always be Tyreek. I don't want people to lose sight of how great Tyreek Hill is because of a down season. I don't know what his frustrations were.


I would love to, to to, to Be. Is it money? I mean, 'cause I don't know if he, does he have any more guaranteed money on that contract? That's, that's the thing, Ocho, because Ocho, you can't complain. You went for the money and, and in nobody's mind, did they ever think that tour was better than Mahome? Now you got the money, you secured your family. Now if you bled through 72 million, guaranteed probably about, probably made like $90 million over the last four years, right? A hundred million The last four years. If you blow through that, hey, I don't know to tell yo joke. Nah, but you cannot complain.


Oh, I wanna win. Really? You left the win over the last five years. Who's won more game than the Kansas City Chief Ocho? If it's about winning, oh, I, man, you know, I ain't used to this. You Don't. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. Now we have to understand why he left the Chiefs now, based on what, based on who Tyreek was and what he was bringing to the table, they weren't paying him what he was worth. So I understand why he left to go to the Dolphins. You know, you went, oh, Joe. And not only that, he didn't miss a goddamn beat in any category as a receiver. He didn't miss a beat. Remember what Tyree did? He did. Just last year. Yeah. Not Oh, 1700 yard. Yeah. The only reason things weren't the same this year is because of the injury de tour.


You know, Ocho. And there's a reason why, there's a reason why quarterbacks, when you have a backup, there's a reason why the backup is the backup. There's a, there's why, But you gotta be the same no matter what. Right? You got to show up with your hard hat and your lunch pal regardless. Because now it seems like tyre's a front runner when things are going good, he's there. Now why we didn't hold on. Why we didn't hear about nothing about no broken wrist all year long. Lemme ask you. No, no, No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Remember? There, there, there were, there were a few games where he was on the, in the injury list due to his wrist. You know, he could, he could've gotten surgery, but it was messed up.


But he kept playing. He just had it, he had to tape the rear heavy. Lemme ask you a question. Yeah. If Tyreek makes the Pro Bowl and he gets 1400 yards, do we hear anything about this wrist? Yes or no? No, sir. So Why we hearing about it now? Because see, drew, Drew, drew is tried to get him a cop out that wrist. His leg wasn't broken. Nah, nah, I'm, I'm, let's talk He copped out. I'm, I'm look and, and look Ojo babe. You know how I am O Joe. Yeah, I I know how you I know I, I know, I know, I know, I know how you are. But I'm, what, what I'm not gonna do is I'm not gonna make excuses. I'm not gonna do that. But I'm just saying thank you. I appreciate that Joe have a he did have a wrist injury. They brought it up a few times earlier in the season. I don't know if he, he landed wrong and did, did something.


I think he needed surgery, but he opted out of getting surgery and decided just to tape it up very, very heavy and continue playing. That's all. That's all. Well, damn. I mean, it looked like it. Look at the first game he had. That game went a touchdown. Did he call, remember that? What about them? Hundred yard games that he had? I I couldn't tell. Could you tell his wrist was hurting? He looked like cheetah. All I'm saying is, guys, look, we've both been there. I've been there, you know, Hey, John goes down and hey. Ugh. Who, what's y'all back up. Tough sl. I I don't mean it to be disrespectful. Who was y'all? Back up My first two years.


It was Kubiak Gary, AK in my back. Back. Yeah. Hey Gabe. Hey, Coming in. Cool. Come to feed your boy. Hell cool. Would feed me more than hell. Then seven would, Hey, cool. Come in that thing. Say, Hey, let's go get this money. Right. Right. Okay, let go get it. Yeah. And then we had Tommy Madox and Sean Moore. Tommy Madox. From then we Had Miller From the Steelers. Yeah. Bubby. Yeah. No, Hugh Miller. Hubert Hugh was in New England. Bubby was our backup in, in 98. Bubby. Bubby Bristol. Bubby Bristol. Yeah. Real. Yeah. And That's dope, man. Yeah. But yeah, it's, look, I understand it is Tough Playing with the backup.


It is. Yeah. Man, It, it absolutely is. It is. And 2000, I mean, we had who? The Tony Banks with our starter Trent with our backup. Oh, shoot. Trent. Tony Banks from the Ravens. Yeah. He was in, he originally went to San Francisco. Went to the, the Rams. Right. He was with the Rams outta Michigan State. Second round draft pick with the Ravens. Had a, had a good season. They gave him some money. 2000. He was our starter. Trent. They signed Trent as a free agent to be a backup. Trent came in there. Hey, the thing was t Trent, like, Hey, you get open, I'm gonna give you the rock. Yeah. Well that's all I needed to hear. Hell, I was open a lot of times and didn't get the rock right.


You tell I'm gonna get open, I'm gonna get open. But it's tough Ocho but at the end of the day, you gotta be professional. Yeah. No matter what the circumstances are. And look, think about the OCHO when you catch for 1800 yards like Tyreek had last year. Yeah. There are a lot of mofos out there getting cardio. And when they feeding the ball, when they feeding the ball tore Yeah. And a whole lot of balls to go around when you let somebody catch that many balls for that many yards. Right. And you got waddle. So you know the third and the fourth, you outta gas O Joe. Yeah. When you got those two and they going for 200 catches and 3,500 yards. 30,000, 3,500 yards. Right. Don't you, how, how many balls you think you gonna to get? Well, Ob obviously you gotta to remember now, you know, wherever the money at, that's where the ball goes.


Yes. Come on n you know, we, we we paying your salary obviously. So the ball is going to be funneled to the money, to the high man. To the, to the high point. That mean that, that's just, That's just, see what you saying, the beast. And, and, and so what's the expectation of you, the high man? Oh, You show up at work and be professional all the time no matter what. The more you make is the more the guys you that they expect you to show up. Yeah. Yeah. But now that's all Listen, and, and you gotta remember, what do you expect from the high man? What is it the high man expect from you? Well, I expect even if my quarterback goes down and I have the backup, I still expect you to funnel that ball in front of that offense through me. Because there's certain things I tried to tell you. You the one that talk about old man.


Hey bluntly. Who? What? I said, oh, Joe. Oh, don't don't talk about don't talk about Snoop like that. I ain't talking about it, but I'm just saying he'll back. You just said he was a backup for a reason with the backup company. You just said that. I See now. I'm not, I wasn't, I didn't say any names. I'm saying specifically across the league there 32 teams and there's a starter. Yeah. The starters a starter for the reason For a reason. And the backup is the backup. Sam, Donna was a backup. Oh. But listen, sometimes I was kidding. Kidding. You put, you put a back up in the right circumstance like that you could put, Hey, listen, you could put Mother Therea on the Vikings with Addison Naylor and goddamn Justin Jefferson.


And they gonna get it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And you still got Harkinson Kinon. Oh, they you gonna get it done now, now that, yeah. Now certain circumstances, you know, circumstance matters. Now we talk about back. Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. I, I, I, but I just look, I, look, I'm not saying that there wasn't anything wrong with Tyreek, but I just believe you must, you must maintain a certain level of, of, of professionalism. Even though Things aren't going well In the four quarters. You can't opt out, bro. You got, oh. So there been a lot of times, O Joe, we getting our eyes beat out and I'm like, man, why we in here, man, we can't come back. Ain't no, ain't no 20, ain't no 21 point touchdown. Right? Right. With six minutes to go, Hey, but hey, ain't no, ain't no faking no injury.


Right. Ain't getting no a, you know, Hey, my hand, my elbow, my shoulder. Ain't none of that. Hey, I was out there from the beginning where we were sucking. I'm gonna ride it all the way to the end. Yeah. We gonna suck all the way through the fourth quarter. We gonna suck together. I can't leave them out there like that. I can't, don't you? I can't you Right. But we'll see what happens with they, what they, what they decide what they, what's gonna happen with Tyre? I think Tyree wants to go. I think Tyree wants to move. Yeah. Yeah. Listen. So you can't depend on, you can't depend. I, I don't know. But I don't know what he was thinking. Ocho you have a guy that has an injury history.


An injury history As a player, you're not thinking about that. Now. You, you sitting on the outside, shouldn't you, you on the outside looking in as a part of the media now and, and, and seeing it from a different lens, seeing it from a different perspective. You know, Tyreqe is not looking at that. I'm looking at what I was able to do with tour last year. So what am I doing? I'm, I'm expecting to build on what I did last year and continue that same tradition, that momentum. Yeah. Going into the following season. And it, it started off like that and then it Yes. Until it goes down. But, but Ocho the man got injured before you got there. The man was injured before you got there. The man came into the, think about it, Ocho the man came into the league really repaired hip.


He lipped into the NFL. There's a great chance he gonna end up limping out of it. You, he limp into the season. You Gotta see it like that. I just saying it Ocho I'm just being real. Chad. I ain't paying y'all no attention. That's the way we talk. Yeah, we suck. We were sucking as a team. We were terrible. So I I don't let y'all, I'll let y'all play them childish game. We suck. I wasn't gonna leave my teammates out there. We started sucking in the first quarter. We gonna suck the second, third. We gonna all be sucking together. That's the end of a ocho. Check this out. The NFL sends a memo, the team about sportsmanship before the playoffs. Harry Fuel the league's.


SVP of administration sent a memo to head coaches and general manager of teams in the postseason to reiterate the importance of sportsmanship in the game, in the, in the coming weeks. At this level of competition, emotions will run high, but no amount of emotion should give away to demeaning and offensive words, taunting and other non-football acts. No one wants a penalty or a player ejection to determine the outcome of the game. Man, forget that. NFL memo memo, man. Forget what they listen. Okay. All teams, all players. I know y'all are gonna see this. You gonna see this? Have fun. Enjoy the game. The chances of Don't y'all listen to ocho.


Hey man, OCHO will cost y'all to get a penalty. Lemme finish. You ain't even, lemme finish. Go ahead. You ain't even, lemme finish yet. Enjoy the game. Enjoy the moments. Have fun. Listen to the memo. Don't do anything that can cost your team a penalty. What you say have fun? Huh? How many, lemme ask you a question Ocho. What, how many times they done sent the memo to let them know stop pulling your shirt up like you got a gun. So how many times you think they done sent that memo out, don't you? Hey, somebody pulled a shirt up like they got a gun. You saw, Man, you saw what you call rash. You saw the Xavier worthy do that against Pittsburgh. Go jump. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. No, but I'm just saying despite the memo, listen, don't take the fun away from the game.


You know, the competitive nature of the game. That's why I just said have fun. Don't do anything to get yourself a penalty or get your team penalized outside of that. I understand, I understand. The NFL is all about control. You know, the integrity of the game. Yeah. YYY yeah. It's always about integrity. Until, until the NFL finds a way to benefit from certain things and make money. But anyway, Well, they was benefiting from those hard hits and then they got sued. It cost 'em a billion dollars. I So they ain't gonna do let you do the hard hits no more Ocho, come on, talk. Yeah, I get it. Let, let, let, let, let the elephant out the room let matter of fact, they turned door. That that's the thing. Look, I get it. And there are a lot of times, man, do you, we, we, man, do you know how many times we done said the N word?


You can't say the n word now, Man. Now they, they hold on. Hold, hold on now. Hold on man. If Oh, they'll throw a flag next. You See that? If you throwing flags for that, where it's going, they are. Wait, listen them hanging. They, they've, they've been instructed to throw a flag when you say, boy, i a we done said the N word and the mo and and curse so much. Matter of fact, it it, it's frowned upon. Huh? It's frowned upon. But it's, it's a part of regular language and dialogue in the way we interact and talk. Yeah. It's normal. It's, it's, it's normal. You know, so I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm confused with, with, with, with, they're with, they're thinking of throwing a flag and, and just the way of the culture in general and how we converse.


Sometimes argues, sometimes talk, talk trash to each other. It's our culture. I bet you can't change, But guess what? Don't Yo, when you get on linear television, you can't say that. It's our culture to say it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you can't say it. Yeah. So the NF NFL is saying, look, when you on this field, you say that word. Oh man. But you, Hey, I I I'm a big look. I've said it a thousand times. Yeah. I done said mofo. I said Il, I done said all that. Right. Man, who you calling the MO for? I ain't gonna be true to mo mofo. I said, well you, that one I don't need you, you to be anymore, but you that one. But it was, it was, it was, it was different. Right. Because back then they were headhunting. Yeah. If you dis if somebody felt that you disrespected them, they coming To get you head.


Oh, they coming to get you. Oh yeah, for Sure. To get, you might not come and You know, you, you might not get, you stayed on your PS and Q ocho. Yeah. Last year the league issued a total of 419 fives for the regular season and postseason through week 17. This year they've already issued 484. That's a 1.17% increase. Now we hadn't even gotten to the playoffs. Right. We got wild card division championship and the Super Bowl. So we still got four more weeks. Right. You already know this thing. Go back. This thing might be five 50. Yeah.


Yeah. This thing might be five 50, might be close to 600 ocho. Listen, don't yo, listen, There's certain things you can't take outta the game. You can, you can, you can, you can, you can have as many memos as you want to. You can, you can talk until you are red in the goddamn face. The game of the game of football is played a certain way. There's certain things you can't take outta it. You're already taking the physicality outta the game. Now you're trying to take the culture and the way and the style in which, in, in which 80% of the certain types of players are in there. The way they play it, there's only so much you can do. Right. There's only so much you can do. Yeah. Look, some penalty's gonna happen. Yeah. As an offensive lineman, you're taught if you get beat tackling, don't let that man hit your quarterback.


Don't let that man hit your quarterback. A dv. If you BA don't you give up no touchdown a tackle. Okay. If it's a spot, if it's a spot file, it's a spot file. Right. We might get a a, we might get a fumble, but we can't recover a, they gonna get a touchdown. Yeah. If you give, just give up. No ti and I'm, I'm just, I'm just being honest with you. Yeah. I'm not gonna let, listen, I'm not gonna, if you, if I get beat clean, yeah. You are not going to hit my quarterback. I'm gonna tackle you. Right. I know they're gonna throw a flag, but I'm okay with that. Right. Because guess what? You didn't do hit my quarterback in the back and he fumbled the ball. Right. That's not gonna happen. So you just have to understand certain penalties. You just gotta accept a good job, son.


That's the way to not let it hit less. That that's the way to not let our quarterback get hit, get hit. Right. Some things are gonna happen, you know, but, you know, don't jump off side. It's the off sides like it's third and three and they hard count. You jump. Lord have mercy. Woo. Boy. If, if if brains were dynamite, you couldn't even blow your nose. I'm saying, I mean sometimes like, bro, what, what are you thinking? Yeah, but I was, Hey, I was a notorious. Oh, I I bet you I got more four star period than any titan. For Real, Boy, I was getting outta that ojo. I'm getting up outta there.


I'm getting up outta there. And it was never a block. Right. You must believe Oh, oh, oh. It was a pass. They sharp. Damn. I'm right. It was a pass and I was about to be out the gate on you. Oh yeah, for sure. Because I ain't waiting until the turn. I, I hear, huh? I'm gone. You going, Hey, hey, don't you say hey, alert. Right. Ah, man, I'm gone. Right. What you say that for nigga? We ain't got no, we ain't got no check, ain't got no check on that play right there. Let's go. But look, you un you look like I said guys understand. Just don't do anything that's gonna cost your team.


That's the last thing you want and you know that one play. But I guarantee you Penn State probably thinking, yeah, that interception at the, that play might have didn't cost us the game, right? But it damn sure didn't help At all. It didn't, it didn't help. I'm not gonna say it cost us the game, but it damn sure didn't help us win the game. So guys, just be smart. I know you wanna celebrate all your homeboys, your family, they might be in the stands, they might be watching back home, that's my homie, blah, blah, blah. But bro, don't you do anything that's gonna cost your teeth. Yeah, that, that's all I'm saying. Definitely. That's why, that's why the first thing I said was, y'all got to have fun, man. You know, these moments, they don't come, they don't happen often. The chance of making the playoffs, unless you're with a certain type of team that you know, always goes in there, enjoy the moment, man, have fun.


Just don't cost not only yourself, but don't cost your team. But again, you got to remain. You gotta remain yourself and have, have some fun out there.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL Un Scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today, but we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now you Wish you could pull off my short shorts. Burke, That's sure to ka a ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Four 13 Las Vegas Raiders. A cleaning house. Just two days after the team fired head coach Antonio Pierce, the Raiders announced that they're fired. Head General manager Tom Esco. This March the second time in the last 13 months that Lesco has been fired by the A FC West team. The Lesco was fired by the charges after 11 years of service following a 63 21 beat at the hands of the Raiders last December, they got beat six three. Damn. The Raiders then made the decision to hire Lesco last January and now firing him the let's go long draft class in Vegas was actually pretty impressive. Jackson Powers, Johnson and Delmar Glades both started 14, had both had 14, starts a piece on the offensive line while 13.


Number 13 overall pick rock Biles with the first year tied in that set an, excuse me, had the most receptions by a rookie in NFL history. He had 112 catches, four catches short, five catches short of an NFL record for the most catches by tight end in a single season. Mm. Zach Ertz has that record one 16 when he played with the Eagles. But I was, I yeah, I was surprised that he stayed considering that you, you know, you fired Antonio Pearson normally what happens don't Joe. Huh? Normally you clean house. Yeah, you fired the head coach. You clean you clean house. Right. I mean obviously and might be a relationship, it might be something relationship on why he stayed.


Yes. It well, he only stayed two extra days. They got him up outta there. This is very interesting because Tom is calling the game. Yeah. But he's also very, very involved with the decision making. With the decision making. Right. Bless you. Thank you. Come, won't you? I did, I said I chew. Hey. Damn, my hand is open my mouth, man. Gimme some, gimme some so whatcha about? I said I, I, I, I sneeze. I, I I bite.


Damn man. Y'all see that man sneezing in, he cover his mouth. Oh. Ain't no way. I'm going up and down. Hey, I germs just be hanging out on the wall. Oh no. I'm confused. No can do. I sneeze and I come my mouth as IS No you didn't. Hey Chad. He ain't cover his mouth did he? I said I chew, Chew. I what? Damn. There you go, Chad. Y'all heard the Chad, y'all saw him, didn't he? Yeah, the Chad saw me coming my cover, my mouth. No, listen, it's Man, wipe your camera lens off man. It's, it's, I see. Chew all over the camera. Nah, I'm good.


I'm good. I'm good. Got, I got the arrow here. This, it's, it's 40 degrees outside and then I got, I got the AC on it in the house by accident. Whew, Man. Ocho Well, I mean, even when you were private right? You could like cover, you know, like I just did, IS squeezed into my hand. Oh no. Then you going dap people and you quick to dap everybody up. Bring it in here. Oh no. Oh, see I, but now I Don't even dap I don't even dap people. I, I ever treat you like covid, but I ever treat you like Covid. That's fucked the Elbow. I don't dap up. I hug people. Nah. Oh no. I'm Hugger. Mm. Covid You Shot man.


Matter of fact, you might have Ebola. Who? You be who? Ebola, who's That? They said a monkey got loose in, in, in Miami had Ebola, the monkey bitch. You and the monkey died. So I don't know what you got. If the mon monkey got Ebola, he bite you and he Die. Listen, if a monkey beat me, he died because I beat him back. I don't play, I don't play with Anthony like That. But that's my point. Yeah. So whatever, if he got Ebola and he beat you, you beat him back and he died. It ain't nothing happen to you. I don't know what strand you got. I don't have, the only strand I got is I ain't the one to play with. That's the strand.


Okay. That's it right there. You bite here, you finna get the back that go for any, any animal, snakes, dogs, raccoons, everybody See Where, Where do you believe the Raiders should look for a head coach? Obviously Coach Belichick signed with the University of North Carolina guitar heels. He has a buyout June 1st of a million dollars. But if you were to lose leave now it'll cost him 10 million. Right? So I mean it's still a possibility. 10 billion. I mean, hey, you get the Hey Raiders, y'all want me bad enough? I mean considering Tampa gave up two first round of the, gave 8 million in cash, right? If you want, Hey look, they got, look, obviously the Raiders don't have the, the influx of cash.


This is a mom and pop shop, So it's not No, he's not littered with money. He doesn't have billions and billions of dollars like some of these other owners. The only thing that he operates is the Raiders. You know, a lot of these other owners, they have outside businesses. Jerry got, you know, a gas company, he got this and he got car dealerships in Brazil, right? You got Sean Kahn who has car parts and all that stuff going on. So there are a lot of guys that have other things. Obviously we know what the Walton per family have. That guy's worth 80 billion, right? So $10 million to him ain't nothing. But that's a substantial amount of money. Considering we still don't know what the arbitration is with, with John Gruden.


John Gruden had three years on that deal, right? No. John Gru there like six years on that deal. Six or seven years. He signed a 10 year deal. 400 million Hundred million. And He has six, like six, seven years. So he has 60 million, 60, 70 million arbitration is coming. Okay? They had a coach after him. They fired him. Oh, he got Josh McDaniels. So they got Josh McDaniels on the payroll. Okay. You just had ap. Yep. AP had to sign at least a three year deal. So you got him on the payroll. Right? So you still got a damn near probably 80, $90 million in coaches that don't coach for you. Right?


Yeah. And, and I think earlier this year the NFL issued a memo about all this guaranteed money coaches and players. They let Russ go 30 plus million, right? Kirk Cousins, we gonna see what's happening. We see a lot of coaches being, and players being let go with substantial amount of guaranteed money still on the books. But the Raiders gotta do, look, the Raiders are be things are better when the Raiders are good. There are certain teams that, you know, you the old, the old guard, the Steelers doing well, the Broncos all of a sudden come back. Yeah, you want, you know, anytime you got the great quarterback, you got Mahomes, you got Lamar, Josh Allen, right?


You got golf. It's better when you have the, but the, the old guards, those fans show up Steelers, they gonna show up in Baltimore. But the Broncos, they show up, right? Teams like that that travel to Packers, they show up and so, but the Raiders need to get this thing figured out. I mean all these coaches that they've hired, they haven't been to the play. They went to the playoffs. Nah, they lost y'all. Wasn't Derek cars last year, they went to the playoffs, they ended up losing losing to the beagles. Yeah. I think the year y y'all went to the Super Bowl 2020 what? 21. 2020. Was it 2021? Yeah, I believe so. But listen, yeah, listen, the job, the job, the job that the Raiders, I mean, it, it wouldn't be one that was sort off sort after if the quarterback situation was it packed.


It's not, it, it's, it's, it's up in the air. No disrespect to the quarterback that are there, but they're just not gonna get it done. Players get coaches fired, players get coaches fired and if you don't have a quarterback at the helm that can work an offense, that can at least give you a chance to compete week in and week out. I mean, you just, you getting a job just to get fired because you're gonna be on a short leash, you know? And you, you can't say anything as a head coach. Well how do you expect me to win without having the tools in my, my toolbox to go out there and compete? And it all starts with having my Allen wrench. My Allen wrench is the quarterback, but I ain't got no goddamn Allen wrench. How the hell am I supposed to fix the goddamn engine? You know? And that's what it starts with.


So I'm not sure why even the Belichick would even want to come to the Raiders until that situation at the quarterback position is rectified. Now I can win and I can play with this now if I can, if, if I can find that centerpiece, I can build around that and then I can compete against the better team. Especially in that division. Look, look when the division Yeah, I mean if you go look at the division Mahome Yeah. 29. So you got deal with him another five to 10 years. Bo you got Bo N who's 24, you gotta deal with him for another five to 10 years. Yeah. You got Justin Herbert, who's probably 25. You gotta deal with him for another five to 10 years. So in order for you to compete, it's the same thing with camp.


It's same thing in in in the a FC North. Right? You got Joe Burrow and you've got Lamar, you going to have to deal with those guys for the foreseeable future. Future. Yeah. And that's what you're dealing with in, in the NFCE. You got Hertz and you got Jay Daniels Okay Giants. Y'all gonna have to figure it out. You gotta get a quarterback because that, you know, they gonna be, look them win more games than what they won last year. They just gotta be consistent. That's gotta stay healthy and not turn the ball over at the most inopportune time. Right. But without a quarterback and you got a division that's quarterback centric and you don't have one, you're not winning. Yeah. You're not winning that division. You're not winning the a FC west without a damn good quarterback because you, you gotta go through Mahomes Herbert and Bo Knicks now.


Yeah. So that's three. Yeah. And you're gonna have to beat Mahomes. That's why they wanted to, I mean they probably won the division every year since 2015 and They gonna keep winning. As a matter of fact, they're the only team that's won the division since 20 in that division because they had Alex Smith for a year or two and then they got my homeboy. Mm. And he had never lost a division. As a matter of fact, he's never not been in the mc championship game since he's been a starter. So that's what you're up against if you're in a division with a quarterback century. That's why New England, nobody had a tie, a quarterback that could go toe to toe with Brady. Mm No. And, and and when, what, what was that division that they had with Peyton when they was in the AFCs?


If, how you, if you don can't go toe to toe with Peyton. Yeah. How you gonna win? Can't, that's why when Payton goes to the a C West, they didn't have a quarterback. I mean, bill Rivers was the only really quarterback. Mm. But he could not gun Peyton. Nah. So you gotta have a division and I don't really know. Look, I, I was, as a matter of fact, I was just at the stadium Allegion Stadium the other night. Nice stadium. Very modern, very UpToDate. I'm gonna, I'm not gonna be surprised if the Superb Bowl is not back in Vegas in the next five years. Obviously you see it's gonna be in, in 28, it's going back to SoFi. Right.


Also the Olympics is in SoFi also. The World Cup quarter final semifinal is gonna be in SoFi. Yeah. So it's gonna come back to Allegion Stadium. But Raiders gotta figure this thing out. They've gotta get a quarterback and they've gotta get a coach and they got to give it more than a year or two ocho. Yeah, You have to, you have to. 'cause it takes time. I mean, NFL owners that have money that have businesses outside of football, they know that in order to fix my business, one of the, one of the one things that I can do is throw money at it. Right. The NFL don't work like that. You ain't just throwing no at coaches. You ain't throwing money at players and expecting change to happen overnight.


That's not the way the NFL works at all when it comes no to businesses outside of football. Yes, It is a business throwing Money works. It is a business ocho Yeah. And sometimes you can bring a new CEO he has a a different vision. Right. And he is like, okay, instead of this, we're gonna do this, we gonna restructure some things. I don't give a damn who you bringing to head coach. If he ain't got no quarterback, he ain't doing Dly poop at All. I don't care at all. There's never been one that good to be able to overcome. I mean obviously, you know, you look at Joe Gibbs. Joe Gibbs won three Super Bowls and none of his quarterbacks in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, bill Parcells, he's won two with none of his quarterbacks in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


Right. But you think about how many Super Bowls that they played, mostly the other quarterbacks in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Joe Flacco isn't in Joe Flacco isn't in the Hall of Fame, but for the most part, quarterbacks that win multiple that win Super Bowls, they go to the Hall of Fame. Right. And their coach is in the Hall of Fame. Bar Parcells is in gives is in, look at the coaches that's won Super Bowls for the most part, once they leave the game. Five years, wait, maybe it's a couple of years. Obviously, you know, guys like Blood Grant, excuse me, coach Noel, coach Lombardi, coach Shula. Guys, like that's one multiple ojo. They, they ain't waiting.


But some of the coaches, you know, you have to wait a little longer than others. But without a quarterback, you're not, you're not going anywhere. Ojo and the Raiders right now, they haven't had a quarterback. They had Derek Carr for whatever reason, coach, coach Gruden really, really never really wrapped his arms around him. Right. And really never embraced him. And, you know, he has good games. I mean, he is like, okay, I I really, and then you're like, bro, what are you doing? And Coach Gru probably was thinking like, bro, you about to get me fired. So I got to go, I got to go, I got to get move on from you. But, but then the emails popped up and then, you know, the NFL did what they did and you know, Mark Davis felt that he needed to do what he did, but he wasn't happy with, he really didn't, he didn't really didn't wanna get rid of Coach Gru.


But the NFL is like, You gotta do seven, You gotta, yeah, you gotta move on. So the Raiders fire Tom to Let's go. They've also let go of a Antonio Pierce. So they're looking for a head coach and a general manager to come in and oversee the Raiders and see if they can turn this thing around The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite Moneyball the Blind Side in Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Kin to Tell about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on LA tablet. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.