
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila For a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the Jets season? Look no Further, We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new Faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Cara Folo, Judy Batista and NFL Networks team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


the 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals Draft King Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit 100 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose the seat. The lowest price guaranteed or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Yeah, y'all see who? It's we back. We are back. And like you cringe Lamar said they not like us. Thank you. Thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining us for our episode. First episode back from Vacate. I am your favorite. Aunt Shannon Sharpe. And the guy that's coming here. Y'all see who it's, yes, that's right, baby. The number 85. Your favorite number 85. The route runner. Extra. The Bengals Legend. Live. Live from Liberty City. That's Chad Ojo. CCO Johnson. Y'all see, Let's go Where we at, baby. We back. They like us. They like us.


That's what I talking about. Where entrance, Huh? Oh shit. You, you the fire alarm. My bad. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. This man, this man set the fire alarm for his house. Ladies and gentlemen. Hold my Bad. But that's the way you make an interest. Thank you guys for patiently waiting for us. I know we've been on vacation. We needed some time to recharge, recharge, decompress, because we're about to hit this grind starting in September, going four days a week up until November.


And then from November until the end of February, we're gonna go five days a week. So we needed some time off to recharge the reboot and to kick this thing off. Thank you. Thank you again for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As I said before, I am your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharpe. The guy that made the grand entrance with the smoke that set his fired alarm off is the favorite. Is your favorite number? 85. He's the route runner extraordinaire. Yeah. He's the bingo ring of Fame, aren't we? Yeah. A pro bowler. An all pro Liberty City's zone. Mr. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, do us a favor, please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button.


We're at 1.3 million subs. We've been kinda stagnant because we haven't been on. Let's see if we can get that thing to 1.5 before the season kicks off. Guys, thank you. Please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber counts, and we're trying to take over the charts, but we need your help. We are able to get this far Thanks to you. Please make sure you check out my Shaa by La Porter. We are taking pre-orders. Again. I've been informed every order has been filled. Thank you guys for your patience. Thank you for helping Shea by La Porter become one of the best selling VSPs in the country.


Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company. 84. That's 84. Spelled out the link to the Nightcap merchant pen at the top of the chat. Use code ump. This discount applies on everything. Now, I also been told everyone has received their merch, their Nightcap, merch, air, all orders. Oh yeah. Up and filled. And you guys told us, you know what the quality, you know, look, y'all know anything about me. I'm gonna give you the best. I try to, I I try to get put on the best possible show. That's what we try to Ocho and I try strive to do every single episode.


We try to give you the best club Shehe the exact same thing. And yes, I understand the prices are a little bit more expensive, but the quality, you are not gonna be able to beat the quality, I guarantee you that. So thank you guys for supporting us. It's so good to be back. Ocho. Yeah. How Andra spend the last six weeks. Ocho I mean, we ain't been at it. You and Ray. How y'all been doing? Bob? We've been beefing Bob. We've been beefing this About what Listen, I mean, man, a a little bit of everything. That's why I was so upset. I was so upset when we came, when we, when we went off and you know, it's different. You know, a lot. I know a lot of people out there in our relationships and, and most of the time, you know, we, we don't, we don't, we don't talk about the, the the, the bad.


We, we always, we always gravitate to the good and everything. Always being happy. And but unc well, we've been beefing unc man. We don't unfollowed each other and all. Listen, I done took all What y'all beefing about. Hey, just, just, it's, it's, it's relationship shit. You know? It's, it's fiance and, and, and, and, and, and wife. Shit like, like marriage shit. Like just beef. Oh, it's Getting serious. It's getting serious. Now. It's the countdown. Yeah. Hey, now listen to me. Lemme tell you how serious it is. Lemme tell you how serious it is. You know how I am about my gaming equipment and my gaming and my TVs and, and my PC and all that, right? Yes. Unc we were beefing to the point, right? I took all my, I took my whole setup. I took my whole game set up and I went to my grandma house for four, for four, five days.


What? Yeah, UNC, I don't, I don't play. Listen, unc, I don't listen. I'm not combative. I love, I love my baby. I love my baby to death. Right? But j just like I just needed, I need to, I need to exhale for a little bit. I need to breathe for a little bit. Right. You feel me? Right. You know, and I had, I see Nightcap would've been my outlet. I didn't have, I, I didn't, I didn't have Nightcap and I needed, needed Nightcap. I needed you. So I had no outlet. So instead of me going back and forth with this one, what did I do? I took a mental reset. I took a mental break. Okay? And, and then I came back after four, five days, you know, at my grandma house. You know, it felt a little weird with her not being there. You know, it felt weird sleeping in that bed again. You know, saying I ain't been there since I was a shorty, but I, I'm back.


I'm feeling good. The show is back. And here she go. Here she go, here She go. What's up rel? What rel tell your side of the story. Re where rel at? You know, re tell your side of the story. You Know, I always hit a lot. Don't care who tell it. His ass was bored. He didn't have nothing else to do. But get on my last nerve. I'm working hard. Right. And since Nightcap is not going on, football season hasn't started yet. He don't have shit to do, but get on my nerve and he's mad because I'm not giving him the attention that he needs and wants because I'm working. Right. He wanted to start arguments. I'm like, you need to go Right. Find something. I mean, somebody gotta work.


Everybody can't be on vacation at the same time reel. Exactly. So I'm glad Nightcap has started. He has something to do so he can get out my hair. But y'all gotta figured out now. Y'all, we y'all good now, right? We good? We Good? No, no, no, no, no, No, no. I saw her. Don't follow me no more. No. Nope. Nope. We ain't good because you know how, you know, listen, I ain't follow her back yet on Instagram. I ain't follow her back on Twitter. I archived all her pictures. You know, she archived all my pictures. And when we gonna go to therapy, we gonna go to therapy. Damn. And got mad serious. You already In therapy. This shit's serious man. Because listen, I'm here for the long haul.


Right? You So she needs to understand that. So if we gonna do this for the long haul, listen, there's certain obstacles and hurdles that we need to get over right before we go walk down that goddamn aisle, honey. 'cause I'm not finna be the one to play. I'm, I ain't play that shit. Well I think the thing is Ocho is that you have to understand, you understood that she had a job, right. That required a lot of her time. Yeah. But you gotta also understand when you got, when y'all got together right, you weren't doing anything three, four times a week. Right. And so now you needed something to fill that void. And so you like, well baby fill that void. She said, no, I got work to fill. Yeah, that was a, you keep talking about you wanna be a stay at home dad. Somebody gotta pay these bills up in here.


All right, well listen, she the one paying 'em. I respect that. I respect that. Right? Yes. But listen, at the same time, this is very important, especially people in the chat. This is what you, you got to do. We always glorify, we always glorify all the good. We wanna know all the good about a person wanna know all the good. So for me, I pulled the trigger on getting the ring and wanted to propose and saying, you know what? I learned all the bads about all the bad, about her, all the bad because everybody, everybody got a bad side. All the ramp. Everybody do. Yeah. Yeah. That's why, I don't know why when people meet each other, they try to put on this facade like they just so perfect. No, I don't wanna know the good, lemme know the bad to see all the non-negotiables and some, some of the things that I can deal with and I'm willing to, How far I can, how much can I tolerate That?


That's what you need to know. And that's what I've done. So it, I, it kind of, it kind of got to me a little bit 'cause I wanted some attention. I, you know, sometimes, you know, I ain't had no show. I ain't had no outlet. Right. So I need, I needed that. And she couldn't provide me with that. No. So I was hot, I was 38. Hot Ocho. What did you tell, what did you tell the women? Look, I can go, I can bring work home, but I can't take you to work. Ooh, she can't take you to work Ocho. She gotta get themselves. She gotta do, she gotta business run now. Yeah, because just imagine now if the shoe was on the other foot, you in football season. Yeah. And she ain't got, and she and all of a sudden something happened and transpired and she all up at your Well, we ain't doing nothing.


No joke. Hey, I need you to gimme some attention. You, what you gonna say? Shoot, put it right there in the stands. You Nah, she don't wanna be in the stand. She want your attention. She ain't got your attention in the stand. 73, 25 other. That's all since they got 35 other thousand. Got your Attention. Don't do, she ain't got your attention. Don't do, don't do that. Yeah. But listen, we, we, we working though. We working. It's a work In, in progress. I'm, bro, it's a work In progress. You Know. I'm, I'm glad y'all, And sometimes I think to myself right. Huh? I look too good to be putting up with this bullshit now. Right. I look too good now. I was on the Nah, no, no, no, no, no. At this junk. You might as well. Hey, you done been in this thing four, five years? Yeah. You ain't really trying to learn somebody over here. Oh no, I ain't talking about that.


Oh. Well I ain't going nowhere. I ain't Oh, whoa. Time out. Hold on, hold on. Let's stop, let's stop the motherfucking train. Listen, she has provided me a lifestyle. Yeah. That ain't nobody else finna give. I ain't going nowhere. Right. I'm just, I'm just addressing. I wouldn't have went to my grandma house. Huh? I say baby. Hey you upstairs in the master bedroom? I'm downstairs. Oh no. We figure it out. We gonna be like, pa ocho. We gonna be like passing trains in the night. Oh no. We Aint gotta speak. No, I wasn't doing that. Unc I needed my, I needed my space in the mental reset. I, I was, I was at my little brother. My little brother. I know my little brother Chauncey watching Chauncey. I appreciate you baby Bro. You got 10,000 square feet. You got space. Tell Them the real reason why you went to.


He got Mad. Why? Why I left? Why I left. He got mad. Why? I went to a party and I was, you know, the tequila was talking and I was like, baby. Oh Shit. Oh yeah. This was the last straw. Oh. She went to a party with a home girl, right? Yeah. And hit me on the phone at the party. It was like 1230. He say, baby, I'm on that Don Julio, you better be ready when I get home. Unc, this motherfucker came home and went straight to sleep. Our hot unc, listen, I ain't wanna put, I ain't wanna put the bitter out there, but since she brought it the, that was the final straw. That was the final straw. We have to keep it real. He over here lying.


I'm gonna tell the truth of why he really went to his girlfriend house. Oh, you don't, how you going tell me? I done took a shower. I done lotioned up. I got, so I'm okay. Boom. I done prepared myself, but I'm finna we her ass out mentally. Yeah. That's why I mentally, I hear you. So she come home, she stagger in the door. So I pretend like, hold on. I pretend like I'm asleep though. I pretend like I'm asleep. So she get in the bed. So I'm waiting on to make a move, like touch my thigh or something. Just, just, just, just touch me. Do a little something. Let me know. You ready for that action. Right. Unc? I left five minutes go by. I'm pretending like I'm still asleep. All of a sudden all I hear is I'm like, oh, hell no.


Oh, okay. I ain't say nothing. I put on my little slides, I put on my slides and I cleared it because there was Finn to be an argument. I didn't wanna argue. Let me ask you a question. What did you tell, what did you tell me? You don't let the defense dictate what you going to do. Why you let her dictate you on offense? You did take that. I called them. Huh? Oh, when you see a promotion on tv, right. And you read what it's saying and that's what you expecting based off what you read on the promo. Yeah. Don't sell me no damn. No. No damn dream. Like Martin Luther King. You called my phone. You didn't even have to call me. You didn't have to call. Don't call me and send me no dream about, oh, when I get home, you better be ready.


'cause I'm on this Don Julio. I don't even know Don and I don't know no nigga name Julio. So I'm getting Ready. Julio Jones. Yeah. Yeah. Unc, I done took a shower, you know, understanding the preparation and the steps I went through. Yeah. Yeah. You ready? I Was unc act like you was asleep because I just want, because that's what women be doing that. So like, oh, oh. You see what Ocho what did I tell you? One of the biggest causes of breakups. Uncommunicated expectations. Right. You were expecting her to make a move. Right. She was expecting you to make a move. It ain't nobody communicate nothing. Remember I told you that Ocho see uncommunicated expectations. See you. You see what you just said.


She communicated. All right. She communicated when she called my phone knowing I was sleeping at 1230 at night when I'm normally not, normally not up at that time. So why would you get me aroused with that type of excitement knowing I'm already sleeping for one. And then tell me what you going to do and what to be prepared for once you get home. Well, and then you get home and you go to sleep. I tell you what you and do y'all have vultures? Y'all have buzzards leg flying around it. Do y'all have those flying around? Get, get the cus we Yeah, we, we, in Miami, we only got flamingos and peacocks. Okay. Anybody from the south, y'all know what I'm talking about. Like when there's a dead animal, like laying down, laying down, you see the vultures? The buzzards, right? Right. They're hovering over. Yes Sir. If you pretend that you dead, one of 'em gonna come knock five from you.


So, hey, why she pretended like she was asleep? You should have knocked five from her. No, because she wasn't pretending. You don't sell me no dream. You don't, you don't act like you, you don't act like you on demon time and you finna get filthy with it and then come home. Oh, I had, she hit me with a, oh, I had a headache. What? Excuse me. Huh? I see. See a headache. That's the problem I have met that she, she have never made it to the bed. She never made it. She, she wasn't even supposed to make it to the bed. Listen, you supposed to be standing behind the door, but Ball you don't understand. From that point on, I'm not sure when that was. We been beefing ever since. Listen, I done unfollowed her. I done took all her pictures down. Like, you ain't finna play with me like that. Don't play me like that.


Don't sell me no dream. You know what? You, you couldn't even just hit you. You didn't even had to have my phone. You could there came home with a sleep. I wouldn't have said nothing. It wouldn't have been no problem. I packed up all my shit. It wasn't nothing in this damn office except that goddamn sign back there. I took everything to my grandma house. I had, I was trying to stand on business. I wish somebody, Hey, I wish somebody would've called me talking about, hey, because I'm be staring at my cameras soon as mother, soon as the car pull up in the driveway. Yeah. And them light cut off. Oh, that's for me. Downstairs. I go and hey. And when she, hey, and when she open the door, baby arm right there. Open the But listen, listen. This is the lesson. It's a lesson learned. It's a lesson learned for her. It's a lesson learned for me, despite the lack of communication in this instance, in this, in this situation.


We scrape, we cool. Yeah. Like a scale of a 10, we by a six because I ain't followed her back on none of 'em socials yet. But I bet you, I bet one thing, I bet this shit won't happen again. I bet it won't happen again. It won't happen. It wouldn't happen. No time. Shit.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer in the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I am a Loyal viewer, One of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Okay, Ocho, first segment of the night is time for a news cap. 39-year-old go James. Oh my bad. I forgot. I forgot. Hey, hey, Hey. there it is. My bad guys have a little rusty. It's been about six weeks, although ain't been no Nightcap in six weeks, but trust me, your boy had been working News cap 39-year-old go. James had to save the team from a historic upset. South Sudan on Saturday led the way down the stretch. I think he had 11 points in the four in a four minute span in the fourth quarter against Germany today. Let's take a listen to what LeBron had to say.


Hey, great job. The preliminary game, we saw some D Good, we been down two games, two games in a row. And that's gonna be good for us. Like begin now. Alright, we got six games. One game at a time. Alright, ready? First base again, y'all Go 1, 2, 3. That's the goal no matter how close it is at the end of the day. Look, yeah, you play the win. Whether you win by 45 or you win by one as long as you win the game. I think LeBron, oh, Joe, you know when you go to the Pro Bowl, you want to show everybody I'm the real deal. Yes sir. I know everybody else. Here's the real deal also. Yes, sir. I'm not trying to diminish anybody, but sometimes I think y'all forgot because I'm 39 because I haven't been to the NBA finals.


And you hear about Giannis and you hear about Yoic and you hear about Luca and you got Aunt man, you got jt. But y'all know y'all, y'all know, y'all know who I'm right. Y'all know what I am. And he showed that there's a pride level and there's still, I'm still LeBron James. And when I need to pull this cape out and down the stretch against Sudan, I I can do it. He needed to pull the cape out. And today against Germany, remember Dennis Schroder was I think the fever most valuable player last year, right? Germany have NBA players. I think the sud, south Sud, the Sudanese, they got two, I think Wing and Gabriel and another guy on that team that was in the, in the, the Charlotte, the Bobcats right camp.


But LeBron was sensational. Now you're gonna get the people that try to diminish him because here's what they're gonna say. Jordan would've never been in that situation. Kobe would've never allowed that to happen. Right? All I'm saying is what, what about those other guys that's on the team? Y'all do realize Steph Curry, Joelle, and B, Jason, Tatum, Devin Booker, aunt, man, all those other guys are on the team. Yeah. Why they let it happen. Yeah. I mean these, these, these are our best players that are representing our country. Absolutely. I like to see LeBron elevate his game at a level like that, that we're accustomed seeing normally here in the States, but doing it representing our country is a great thing. But I have one question to ask. Yeah.


Obviously against against Sudan, it was a close game. Yeah. They trailed in the fourth quarter against Germany. Again, they trailed in the fourth quarter until LeBron who worked to the end. So I'm asking you Unc, because you have a better knowledge of the game than I do, especially when it comes to the Olympics and the USA playing against other teams. So is it more so that the NBA, the NBA player, do you think they're having a hard time adjusting to the international rules? Or is the rest of the world finally catching up to us in the game of basketball? Well, they're catching up O Joe because they're playing. I mean, you gotta understand, think about how many, when they, when they, when the, the NBA players first went back to the Olympics in 92 you really only had two guys.


You had, you had Tony Cuco. Yeah, I think you had Una Alona. Barcelonas. And I think you had Russ the seven footer from Sacramento, his dad Saboni. So you might've had three guys other than the NBA players that were in the NBA. But if you go to every team now for the most part, there is an NBA player, maybe one or two that's on the team. Right? Daniel TFE plays in the NBA Dennis Schroder plays in the NBA. The rules are different. They let you get a little bit more physical. Right. You can go tend the ball. The rules are a little different, but there is no excuse.


Plus those guys have been playing together. Those guys grow up playing together from the time they're like seven, eight years old. They're playing together. And so they've been practicing for about two months. Right. Oh. So the chemistry, so obviously their chemistry can be much, much better than those of the US team. Okay. Okay. So, so we had nothing to worry about. We have nothing to worry about. Stand Point. I'm gonna say we don't have anything to worry about. So the fact that these games are so close though, we trailing Yeah. That's, we Trailing against, Against Sudan. We trending against Germany. So are these bumps in the roads or just, there's nothing to worry about with that, I Don't think, I don't think the lineups that we've been going out there with, I think Kevin Durant is probably gonna be in the starting lineup.


They, they gotta do a better job of taking care of the basketball. They're turning the ball over entirely too much. Right. And sometimes when you get a collection of great players together, they try to, well, I'm not selfish and you overpass the basketball or you try things that you probably wouldn't normally try. Right. But no, I, I think, I definitely think can they be beat? Yeah. Hell yeah. On a a one game, anything can happen. Right? Right. But I, I love, I love the way they, they're, they're becoming battle tested. You look at Devin Booker had not shot the ball. Well. He was one for six. LeBron was eight of 11. Joel and B was five of eight. Holiday was four of six. Steph was five of 13. Ant man was four of seven.


JT 2 0 6. Bam, 2 0 4 AD 3 0 5. They just gotta do a better job Right. Of protecting the basketball. And if they do a better job protecting the basketball, I think they'll be fine. Right. But you know, look, Canada, Canada is littered with NBA players. Yeah. They got Shay Gils, they got Dylan Brooks. They got Powell, they got a lot of guys. Yeah. Alexander Walker, they got, I they probably got six or seven guys that's on an NBA roster. I think that's gonna be, Germany is gonna be a tough test. I think probably you might see Canada or Germany. I mean Canada is, is is in that death pool. They, they got a really tough bracket Right. To come out.


But they gonna be, they gonna be fine. All right. They be fine. Chad, y'all heard it, y'all heard it there first. USA basketball is gonna be fine, But, but you but Ocho it's just like, it's just like anything. If, if you think about it, you do something long enough, eventually they're gonna get better at it. Right. They do it too. Right. That's what, when, when David Stern had this idea, so, you know what, I wanna open up this, I wanna make this a global game and I wanna open it up. And you see the Dirk and the biscuits and you see the guy, all those young guys, they're like, man, I want do that. And then you see it in, in 96 and you see it in 2000 and you see now all of a sudden they're like, hold on, wait a minute.


You mean to tell me I can do something other than play soccer? Yeah. Yeah. As, as Wing and Gabriel said, look, we got seven footers and they're herding cattle. So he's like, hold on this, give these guys like, hold on. I, I don't wanna do, I wanna, I wanna drill. Let me start drilling a basketball. Right, right, Right. Opening up borders. So I'm, I'm glad I'm I'm, I'm glad that the US has been battle tested because you, you hate to be in a situation OCHO where you haven't been tested. Right. And then the first time you get tested is in the knockout Round. Round. Yes. So Now they know that won't be pretty okay.


But go James, you see, hey, they put the ball in his hands and he's gonna make the right play. He's either go to, Hey, I'm gonna drive and I'm gonna kick, I'm gonna get all the way to the hole. I trust this three point ball. He's had the three point ball going the last couple of games. Yeah. But when he puts his head down, it's kind of hard. You know, you hard ain't Nobody, ain't nobody stopping that. Yeah. He like a bull in the China shop then. Yeah. Ain't nobody stopping that. But LeBron say, Hey, I do. I think the adversity is good, but look, this is not Angola. The US is not gonna beat these teams. Like the original dream team was beating teams by 80 points. Right. And the guys had never, the guys had just picked up a basketball and just qualified for the Olympics.


Those days are over. Yeah. Those days are long, long gone. And you have to be willing to accept, look at, look at softball. We used to be do the women softball teams. Yeah. But guess what, Japan, Australia, they started playing and they started playing and they got good and some of those players came over here. Yeah. And played at UCLA and played at these other power high schools. They go back over there and ta Yeah. They win gold medals. Now. That's what happens. You know what the funny thing about it is? And, and for those of my, those are my soccer fans that are in the chat, as you see how all the other countries are catching up to us when it comes to the game of basketball. I wish it could work in reverse for us over here when it comes to soccer so we can catch up.


We got too many to the other countries, Up to the other countries. We got thing going on O in the game of soccer, especially around World Cup time, which we have coming up in 2026. Ojo. We got American football, they don't play that over there. We got basketball, they play that over there. We got baseball, we got, we got too many things. It's like, Ja, like Jamaica, Jamaica track and track and field is their most popular sport. Yes, sir. So they don't play basketball, they don't play football, they don't play baseball. All their focus is on that one thing. Yeah. So you look at a lot of these other countries, they're focused because we have so much to do to focus on. Right. Well, I don't want, I don't wanna play soccer, I wanna play football, I wanna play basketball, I wanna run track, I wanna play baseball.


So when you have those things, and you can make money at all of them. Luca, what did Luca wanna do? Luca originally Luca wanted to play, wanted to play soccer. Yeah. Real like, my man ain't a whole lot of six foot soccer, six foot seven, six foot eight soccer players. Hey, unless you got, unless you're the goalie. That's about it. Exactly. Same, same thing with Yoic. 92 comes along, they say, hold on, I'm tall 2000 come along. I'm tall. I can play that sport. So when you have, it's Oh Joe, if you go to a restaurant and all they have on the menu is that, well you're gonna get that right. But if they have a variety, you got, I mean, it's hard sometimes.


You go to what? Cheesecake Factory, they got 15,000 items. Yeah. How the hell I'm supposed to choose one thing. Yeah, You right. You right. But When you only have a choice to choose one thing. Well, I just, I just wish the choice was soccer for that, for the, for the mo for the most part because it's exciting. And you got it's exciting exp experience. Who Boxing? Oh yeah. You know American. We got boxing. Oh yeah. We got a lot, Man. Oh yeah, yeah. You right. You right. Anyway, I'm, I'm putting my bid out for the US men's national team. We gonna win the World Cup in 2026. I'm just throwing that out there. I'm just throwing it out there now. I hope So, Ocho hold on.


Can we get to the medal round before we start talking about winning? Can we get to the medal round? How about that? Come On. Don't do that, man. How No. Can we get to the medal round Ocho? This is Our year. We the ho we we are the host nation. We, we finna win this. We finna win this. What They gotta do with it. I, I don't know. I'm just, I'm just, I got my fingers crossed. LeBron James, who's competing in his fourth Olympics, was serving the flag bear for the United States in the opening ceremony of the Olympic game. The opening ceremony will be hell Friday at 1:30 PM Eastern Time. And, we were having a live watch party. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Meanwhile, KD doesn't seem, doesn't seem right now he's upset about lid being left out of the Nike's latest ass commercial for the Olympics.


Even his business partner and agent Rich Klemen boy co complaint. And for the win just posted the article saying Team USA should have chosen Kevin Durant, not LeBron James to be its Olympic flag Bearer. I mean, I, I would think so. Listen, I respect LeBron James and all that is done. But when it comes to the Olympics, that is, that is, I don't know if I wanna say it's separate to separate entity as opposed to NBA basketball. This is Olympics basketball. Yeah. Obviously representing our country. And Kevin Durant, who is obviously the all time leading Olympic score with 435 points. LeBron is second. No, no. Mellow is second with 336. LeBron is third with 273. So I'm trying to have a better understanding on why they picked LeBron.


Obviously the ade LeBron think about And him being the best Player. Stop right there. Stop right there. Stop right there. Go back. Rewind. Alright, rewind. Now ask yourself again, why did they pick LeBron James to be the flag bear to lead their team in and not Kevin? Rick, ask yourself that question again. I, I, I know why, that's why, that's why I said arguably the greatest. I I didn't get the chance. You didn't gimme a chance to finish the greatest NBA basketball player to ever live. There's there's a conversation between him and Michael Jordan. Okay. Always. Yes. But then I also wanted to separate the fact that our country as well. Yes. Where Katie is the leading score.


Maybe, maybe it's a conversation that can be had where he represents it himself. Well, you might, you might not see it that way. I'm, I'm just asking, I'm trying to see why Katie's nots upset and I'm trying to see why his manager upset. I think K's upset about what do the Nike ad Oh, the ad. He said the Nike ad. He's not being upset about being the ring bear. The flag bear. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. He's upset about being left off. He says, hold on, wait a second. Why would LeBron, why would they do LeBron? James and I are the two biggest Nike basketball players. Now you could make it say, okay, Greek freak. Okay. But I believe LeBron and I are the two biggest Nike athletes currently. Yeah. In the N NBA A guaranteed.


I feel I should have been included in that ad. Why? Wouldn't, wouldn't Is that personal? I Don't work with Nike. Is that personal Nike? I'm not. I'm not, I'm not, you know, in the market, the advertising department. Who they, who, who pitched Kevin his campaign? Didn't Kevin Durant have a lifetime contract with Nike? He does. He, LeBron and Steph Curry are the only three current athletes that have lifetime contracts. Well, to me that's a no brainer. To me that's a no brainer. And obviously you're Clear if somebody didn't have a brain, The higher ups, the higher ups, I think there might be a personal vendetta or a personal situation. Because anytime you don't use one of the greatest scores of all time who is representing our country, you don't use them in the Olympic ad that everyone's going to see. That is personal.


I don't think it's per Oh, oh, Joe, the guy gonna get a billion dollars. How you going? Somebody give you a billion dollars and they, they all of a sudden don't call. Don't call. Let's just say for the sake of argument, somebody say, oh Joe, we got your bingo. Say Ocho, for the next 50 years, we gonna pay you a billion dollars. Yes sir. Okay. They have, they have this ceremony and you don't get no invite, man. They don't care nothing about me run gave you a billion Man minus the money. I'm still representing my country. That means more to me. Doning the red, white and bull. He had the Olympics was in my country in that they Didn't leave him home. Okay. They didn't leave him home. They didn't leave him home. He's there. But the, the promo, the promo of the ad. Yes. Because the Adlib, the LA ad lives forever.


I get it. I get what he, I get what his frustration is because like I said, I believe he and LeBron are the two biggest Nike athletes, basketball athletes that we, that we currently have. Yeah. That, that's on Nike's roster. Obviously Jordan is an entity of himself. Yeah. Kobe is no longer with us, but currently alive. LeBron and kd. KD says, and you know, hey Ocho, you remember the ad? Everybody remember the Muppets when it was kd, I'm, excuse me. Yeah. When it was LeBron and, and Kobe. I still have a T-shirt. Everybody, everybody remember the ad with Penny? Yeah. With Chris, with Chris Rock was the boys Lil Penny. That was, That was dope. Remember that. You remember the bird magic and, and, and, and and the, the weapons or, or the and and Bird Jordan, the McDonald's.


So Katie understands that this thing is gonna stay long last a lot longer than he's going to live. Mm. And I, I do believe he should have been included in the ad. But how many times have we seen people put out commercials or ads And? we was like, who is in that room to let y'all put this out? Mm. Because the, the, the undertones or not the what people might construe, like were there not any women in the room? Were there not any blacks in the room? Right. Were they not any Hispanic Latino? Right. So, so, so I'm saying were they not anybody in the room that's like, hold on man, something ain't right here.


Kevin Durant. We ain't gonna have KD in this. Not k kd not, we not, we know why. See, that's, that's why I said it got be, it got to be something. It got to be something. No, I I I don't think it to Even leave them out. To even leave them out when the discussion comes apart. When you have a meeting of that magnitude to have players or a commercial of players that are representing our country, you don't have the all time leading score for that country when it comes to Olympic basketball. Not in the ad. That is something personal. I think Ocho I think when it comes to the Olympics, you go to the broader scale. You try to, I mean you look at some of the people that's, that's the representation.


Yeah. It's like LeBron, the the global icon that he is. Right. I mean you probably talk about Ronaldo, you talk about Messi and then, I don't know LeBron. LeBron and Bape right there. I mean obviously, you know Messi and Aldo, they here. Yeah. I mean, I think the only guy that can really challenge them is Jordan. Right. Jordan is the only guy that's on the messy Aldo scale. Universal. Anywhere he goes. He can go to a village in South Sudan. He can go to the rainforest in Brazil. Yeah. Michael Jordan. Right. Right. Aldo messy. They know.


Yeah. Right. And I'm, I'm sure, like I said, and I, and I, I explained this to people. I just wish, because I know how athletes feel when they see Jordan. I just wish that a, an average person could see, could see it, could talk to it to see what it's like. Because you, you, I don't do it justice because everybody Shaq said it. AI said it. LeBron has said it. I'm talking about some of the biggest names in the world. Said when they met that man, he didn't seem real. Yeah. It seemed like he was never I'm telling Ocho Yeah. I'm looking at this man and I know this man is thinking, look at this, this, this mofo crazy.


Yes. Because I'm looking at, because he don't see, I'm like, I know who it's, and I'm looking at Ocho, I'm looking, looking. I'm like this man. Levitton. Yeah. Helo a you know, what was that the dragon with Bruce Leroy? Yeah. And you know how sure enough started glowing? Yeah. Junior when he started glowing, he had that fro That's not Jordan. Look, Jordan look just like that. He glowing. He levitating. I know what can't. Exactly what talking about. I can't explain it. I guess I don't even want, 'cause I don't even wanna be sacrilegious. But I'm telling you, man, it's, it's an unreal feeling that you get when you around that man.


And I've been around a lot of NBA players. Yeah. I've been around some of the biggest Hollywood stars. Yeah. Ain't Like him. It's different. Ain't nothing like Jordan. Listen, I, I, I met, I I met him once and I know exactly what you're talking about. I met him once and I know exactly what you're talking about. But I can't put it into words. I can't, I can't even put it into words. So I'm not even gonna try. Yeah. Oh no, you can't. You, you gotta last. The last dragon. That's the name of the movie Last Dragon, right? Yeah. Last Dragon Builder Bruce Leroy. And sure enough, who's the master Enough with the Afro. With the Afro. Yeah. Ocho team. USA lost to the WNBA All Stars on Saturday night, one 17 and 1 0 9. Brion and Stewart said it felt like deja vu and she wasn't wrong.


In 2021, the Olympic team lost to the WNBA all stars in the tune up to Tokyo. They went on the cruise to the seventh consecutive gold medal. Just like 2021 exhibition. The Americans had no answer for Enrique Wale. Yeah. The MVP of Saturday night's game scores. All 34 points in the second half of the victory. She's also earned MVP on in 2021 Ocho. I was at that game. Yes sir. The shot you had to be, I mean, I know you guys, a lot of you guys watched it on television Ocho, but it wasn't no open shots. I'm talking about she I'm talking about she Kyrie Irving. Yeah. Pulling up with hands on her face.


Listen, I told Falling outta bounds and now they hug up on her. She get round them. She one foot in it. Yeah. La floaters Ocho. You had to see it. Listen, I I, I'm there and I'm watching. I'm looking out. I'm like, right. Oh, that's good. I that's good. Yeah. I told you, I told you's, I told you my little experience when I went to Atlanta when they played the dream. Right. And the only way I could describe her after not knowing how to pronounce her name was Unc. She reminds me of Kyrie Irvin. Yeah. The lateral movement. The quickness. Ariko gu Walle. Oh, oh my goodness. Boy, she, she nasty with it. Yeah. She nasty with it. Very, very, very, very good player. Very, very good player.


Exciting to watch. Very exciting. Lemme tell you this. Having been there and to see it, I know a lot of the conversation has been about Angel Reese and Kaitlyn Clark. And let tell you something, seeing 'em up close and personal. This is my second time seeing Kaitlyn Clark. I saw in Vegas about a month ago when they, when she came and played the ACEs Angel Reese has an elite skillset. The basketball is like a magnet. She gonna get it. She attracted Every time She's going to get the basket ball. I don't know. I mean, and there's Brianna Stewart right there.


There's it Is Asia Wilson there she gonna get that ball. Caitlyn Clark has an elite skillset of passing the basketball. Yes sir. She has an elite skillset. I don't care what you think. I don't, She can see things that other people can't on the court. It's elite. And I said both of the women will be successful for the one skill set that is elite. One can pass the ball, the other can rebound the ball. But what is transpired is that if you like one, they want you to hate the other. No, I refuse to do that. I believe I can like Kaitlyn Clark in her game and still love Angel Reese in her game.


I believe I can love Angel Reese in her game all the while loving Kaitlyn Clark in what she possessed. Y'all can't make y'all, I don't have to choose. And it seems like they want you to choose. Well, if you like Caitlyn Clark, you're supposed to hate Angel And. if you like Angel, you're supposed to hate Caitlin. Why? I I get it. It's the same thing with Bird. I remember when Bird, I'm old enough to remember Bird Magic in 79 when it played in Salt Lake City. And I know it was right down the middle. The thing that you had, what'd you have Ocho? One black one White Black. Yes sir. What do you got right now? You got one white, one black. Yeah. So choose one. Choose. Hey, choose your combatant.


Yeah. You know, when you playing these video game ocho, you get to choose your guy. Yes sir. Choose him. Nah bro. I'm riding with, I'm rocking with both of them. Seen both of them against the best of the best. This ain't no the, okay. They got a few all stars on one team and not No, no, no, no. This is the best. This was the national team. Oh Yeah. And I'm watching Kaitlyn Clark pass the basketball looking like Magic Johnson. I'm watching Angel Reese rebound the basketball like Dennis Rodman against the team. That's we. Angel Wilson is the best player in the WNBA. Yes sir. He's a two time MVP about to be a three-time. MVPA defensive player of the year. Stu is a two time MVPA finals.


MVP So is, so is Angel Asia. Yeah. Man. Angel Reese. Like, I'm going to get that. I'm gonna get that ball. Remember you remember Lonzo with Lonzo told what was Eat the Hawk's character in train today. He's like, well get that money. I'm gonna get that. Jake, that's Jake. Jake. Jake. Oh Jake, I'm gonna get that money. Jake, I Need that money. Jake Angelice and Asia, I'm gonna get that ball. Oh yeah. I'm gonna get that Ball. Listen. And I'm not sure why. I mean obviously it, it depends If you are a true fan of the game, you can appreciate both of their games. You can have an appreciation of both. Both of their styles of play, each of them being different in the way to get things done.


Yes, yes. Yes. There's no need. There's no need to pick and choose between who you like and who you don't like. Like regardless of what narratives are spread. Right. Regardless of what narratives are said, if you are a true fan of the game of basketball, you're gonna have appreciation for both Caitlyn Clark and Angel Reese. The way to get things done. Yeah. But man, but re Simple man Re was dancing out there man. I mean she was dancing, remember we had her own and she said I could kind of sense the way it was going. It seemed like it was gonna be clicked up. Yeah. And I wasn't gonna be a part of that clique. Yes sir. So I dipped. Yeah. This was her opportunity. Y'all should have took, your girl took. Yeah. Most definitely. Most y'all should have took Your girl because y'all see what it is. Y'all matter of Fact.


And it, this is a good thing. So I got a question for you. Yeah. Since you was able, since you were able to witness the game, you know who's representing us Yeah. On Team USA. Yeah. Obviously. So after the All Star game, who would you swap out from? Team USA and then WNB All Stars. You can't swap out, swap out nobody now. So you can't. So I'm, I'm just saying hypothetically, hypothetically speaking, if you were able to swap anybody out, would you swap anybody out Or did the committee get it right in their team selecting Well, what you were able to see, I think the thing is, is that these women that's on the squad gave up a lot of This summer over the last couple of years to play in the FBA and the playing, the things like that.


And so it would be unfair to them Right. That they gave up their sumbers and now all of a sudden someone else that didn't give up their sumbers. Right. But Enrique said, well, I just saw the way y'all was trending and it wasn't trending like I was gonna make the team. So why the hell I'm gonna give up my sumber and ain't gonna be a part of this thing. Right. Okay. That, that, that's why I say it with, I just say Hypothetically. But in 28 OCHO is in, it's in LA Yeah. I'm gonna be shocked if a, if Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese are not on that squad, I mean, I'll be shocked. I I'm sure they, I'm I'm sure they will be. 'cause imagine how much better they would've gotten all around when it comes to their game. They're definitely, they definitely gonna be on that squad. Yeah, yeah. Definitely. They, it it was, it was special. I, I'm glad I got an opportunity.


Matt Ishma, the owner of the Mercury, he owned the, the sons also had a great, had had a great time conversating with him. It was great, man. The fans were unbelievable. The women got a chance to, to talk to a couple of them. Talked to Brittany Grinder, Kelsey Jewel, Lord who was on my, who was on my celebrity Allstar team. She said, UNC, I needed you, man. I need a junk coach. And I couldn't, I couldn't buy a basket night. But I got an opportunity to see some of the, some see some of the women. I wish I, I wanted to get an opportunity to talk to Stewart. I wanna, I wanted to meet Stewart, but he didn't really get a close, didn't get close enough to me. I could get her attention. Right, Right, right.


But I see her when she, I I'll see her. I, I'm, I'ma see her, I'ma I gotta get some jerseys. I want, I, I want Asia, Wilson jersey. Yeah. I want a Brianna Stewart jersey. You Gotta, Clark, you gotta get, you gotta get him to sign it though. You gotta get him To sign it. A Reese Kelsey Plum. Who else I can get? Enrique. I gotta get Enrique jersey. I definitely gotta get that. Yeah. Hell yeah. I gotta get that one. Yeah, I'm have, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get mine when I start mine. I'm gonna, I'm gonna make sure, you know, when I, I'm gonna get to the games. I'm gonna ask, I want your game more Jersey. I want you game on Jersey. But you know what? I feel Bad. I'm frame em, Because you know, the guys, I'm like, Hey, I need you to come up out that jersey.


But they, I, I'm sure they probably got, they probably got some more. Yeah, They, They, they, you know what? When you get back to the back and take that off, Have somebody bring that to me, please. Yeah. Yeah. I I get that. I need to get what? Your Signature, what's your signature on there? Hell yeah. For sure. For sure. But I'm gonna get me, I'm gonna get me about six. I'm gonna give me about six of them. I'm gonna give me about, oh, you know who I, dt di Diana, Tara Rossi. Yeah. Got a chance to talk to her. I met her in 2005 when the All Star game was in Denver. And she been, she been, she been great. She's been unbelievable. You got to get, I mean, if you don't get nobody jersey, you gotta get that one.


I mean, she, I mean, they done named her. That's where, you know, you great when you still playing and they named stuff after you, after they named the court after for her Man. It was unbelievable to see, to see her, to see her play and to see all these, these women on display. 'cause this is the best of the best. This is, I don't know how many, I think there's 12 women on the national team. I think, I don't know how many All star, how many all Stars there were. But you talk about th at least, let's just say 30 of the greatest women basketball players in the world. Yeah. And then I gotta see some of the OGs, Cheryl Swoop and a couple of the other ladies. Yeah. That, that played in the, you know, 'cause Cheryl, I think the first year, Cheryl the first year or two, first, maybe the first year Cheryl missed because she was, she had a son.


She was, she had a Right, right, right. A child. But to see some of those women and to take pictures with 'em, man, it was great. Ocho I, man, Hey, hold on. I really had a great time. You know who I wanna meet, who I haven't had a chance to meet. You ever had a chance to meet Ms. Dawn Staley? I haven't. I haven't. Yeah. I, I, I, I need to meet, I need to meet Ms. Staley. Man. I haven't, I I need to meet Ms. Staley, man. I, I'm not sure. I'm not sure why she just, she just, just her a man, her energy, everything about her man. It just seemed so, so just, just, just perfect to, I just, I I I just wanna have a conversation with her man. That, that, that's all. And I, she's someone I look up to from afar, obviously, because I haven't had the opportunity to meet her. But, but, but she's dope. She's really dope, man.


So I'm, I'm sure she gonna see this. Miss Staley. I'm not sure if we'll ever crossed paths, but you the real deal. You the real deal. Sis


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, ju Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show. Now. You're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Okay, Ocho. John Harbaugh stood up for his franchise quarterback, said the criticism. Jackson receives his head scratching. Yeah. Lamar, for whatever reason, he gets a lot of good things said about him, Lamar. But there's a lot of stuff that said that you've just gotta scratch your head and kinda wonder what was that person even thinking? But we take it pers, but we take it personally. Harbaugh added. What does he have to do to prove himself to some people? 10 quarterbacks have won multiple MVPs. Peyton Manning A five-time. MVP two Super Bowls. Aaron Rogers a four-time MVPA Super Bowl. Tom Brady. Three. Three MVPs, seven Super Bowls. Brett Favre, three MVPs, one Super Bowl, another appearance.


Johnny Uniters. I Thinkers won two. Right? Right. My homeboy two three MVPs. Kurt Warner. Two Super Bowl MVP lost two. Steve Young, two times C League MVP won one Super Bowl with a backup for love. Joe, we know Joe and Lamar. Lamar is the only one of those who hasn't won a Super Bowl, right? He's two in four in the playoffs for a two time. MVP is Wiley considered only the fourth best quarterback in the league right now. We gotta stop this Ocho talk to me. Ocho you was in the league when Peyton Manning couldn't get past Tom Brady And.


we killed him. Yeah, I was on there. I was one of the guys that was killing him. Right? I'm like, bro, you win an mvp, you throw up for 48 touchdown and you can't get out the first round. Right. Am trying to figure out what are we supposed to do. Lamar plays great in the regular season. Yes sir. But he's lost twice on his home field as the favorite. The first year he's in the playoffs as the favorite he lost to Tennessee. He was the MVP unanimous. He was one vote short again this year. MVP, everybody talked. Right. We wanna get him a homeboys away from Arrowhead. If we get him from Arrowhead, he can be had.


Right. He went to Buffalo and kicked Josh Allen ass. He came to, he came to m and t and beat Lamar. What are we supposed to do? Yeah. Lamar didn't play well and in the games that he's lost, he hasn't played well. When he plays well, we say that. Why can't we say when he played bad, he played bad. Yeah, I know. You know what it is Ocho. Right. But I can't, in good conscience, I cannot go in tv. My credibility's everything. Right. I cannot do it. I cannot just because Lamar Jackson is black. When he plays bad, say he's playing good. Right. I can't, you know what I think, I think what, what Harbaugh's talking about where he says Lamar Jackson has a chance to be arguably the, one of the best, if not the best quarterback that ever played this game.


I think that statement is true. I think it can be factual. You know what? Even if he doesn't win a Lombardi trophy, I think what he can do, They're not gonna put you in the top five without a trophy. Didn't no one put you in the top five without a trophy? O you Let me ask you a question. Yes. Is Barry Sanders in the top five For Runningback, but the quarter. But see, the quarterback, who gets all the credit? The the quarterback. The quarterback. The quarterback. Dan, what is Dan Marino? Dan Marino's not, he's nowhere in your top five top. They, they, they don't put, they, they don't put him there because he went to one, he didn't get back. So you, so how, I mean, how do you put him over, first of all, how you put him over, Joe?


How do you put him over Charles? Yeah. I mean, no, I'm, I'm not, I'm not saying I'm put Peyton just asking how you put him over my homeboy. Right. I'm, I'm, I'm just asking. But listen, it's very, it's very difficult. It's very difficult. 'cause you have to understand this is the team game. It's a team game. Yes. And Atti at times. It's so When they're playing team ball, when you One of them MVPs. Yeah. Who, When they win, who gets the credit? When they win, when they win to San Francisco and they drop that number on they head. Yeah. What did they say the next day? He's the M-V-P-V-P. Yeah. Now when they lose, you talk about it's a team game. You didn't say that when they won Christmas night. That's not what you said. Hey, that's, that's, that's argument.


You know, when it comes to quarterbacks, I, it is. That's crazy how, that's crazy How We judge every quarterback like that on Joe Is crazy. I I I know they do. It's crazy how the onus of winning and losing is always on their shoulders when it took 10 others to help. It's crazy. It's crazy how that works. But we don't give them that credit. It's crazy how that works. Lemme ask you a question. When Tom Brady came back from 28 3, did y'all mention James White had 14 catchers for over 120 yards? No. Did y'all mention that? Catch that Edelman made Ed that four on that four Down that fought down. Crazy. Did, did anybody say anything about the high tower hit on, on, on Matt Ryan that caused the fumble? The fumble?


It was all Tom Brady. Yeah. It's always been about the quarterback. But now when we lose, we gonna talk about Lamar ain't have help. Lamar had, who had the better receivers and, and against the Ravens or, or, or, or Patrick Mahomes in Kansas City. You know, let's be real. We know who had the better receivers and the better offensive line and the better. And the defenses are comparable because the chief defense was legit. Oh, they was good boy. Because they Got, they got, they got, they got a top five defensive player. He, they have the best defensive tackle. Stone cold Chris Jones Yeah. Is legit.


Yeah. He's the best Tackle in football. The Ravens defense wasn't no slouch either in there. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Well, there wasn't no slouch either. Boy, I, across the board, They got two, they got two li they got two linebackers that went to the Pro Bowl. Kyle Hamilton is the best, one of the best safe in football safety. He might be number one. Yeah. Well, I think number one weak weight. Young bull in Tampa now. Young Bull in Tampa. Dante Whitner Jr. Yeah. Ooh. But Hamilton man, Winfield. Winfield. Winfield Winfield. Excuse me. Yeah. Winfield Junior. Winfield boy. He, he nice. Yes, he nice. But Hamilton Hamilton has the ability, he can be a defensive player of the year. Yeah. He can sack your quarterback. He can cover, But he could cover what we'd cover.


Yeah. He Could shut down the run. I legit, legit. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm saying people come on now. When we give, when we give Lamar Jackson credit. Oh. Oh. Y'all, do y'all want a bandwagon now? No, I don't, I don't give praise when it's not due. If it's due, I, I don't got no problem. And I have no problem admitting when I'm wrong. Right. Got none. Yeah. Hell, if I was, if I, do you think if I was perfect, guess what? I wouldn't be doing this. Right. I'd have picked them letter. I'd have picked up lottery numbers. When that thing got to 2 billion, I'd have got all six of them numbers. Right. On your right. Right, Right. Deuces. But come on, people y'all know, y'all know when Lamar didn't play well.


Yeah. Y'all know he didn't play well. His first playoff game. Y'all know he didn't play well in the championship game. He had two turnovers. Come on. Now, let's be fair about this thing. When we killed Peyton, we obliterated Peyton. I remember what they were saying about John Elway when I got to Denver. He had lost three Super Bowls. Look at the teams that he was going with. They didn't care. They're like, hell, you got 'em there. Win one if you Right. That's the way it goes. Because you get all their credit when you win win. Yeah. Ain't nobody, they don't mention anything. They, they forget about those first two Super Bowls. They forget about to ve Terry walked them off.


Yeah. They talk about Tom in the drive. Tom. Well, to put him in field go rage. What if Tom didn't get see You. Right. Listen, IIII love Lamar, man. I love Lamar Jackson, man. Yes. Hey, listen, pompanos Finest you hear me on, but Pomp went the best they ever come out of Pompano out here in Florida, man. 1, 1, 1 of the best. Obviously forget the fact that I, I, I played for the Bengals. I I don't really care about that. I wanna see Young Bulls succeed. I wanna see, I wanna see him succeed so he can get that monkey off his back. Yes. So we can get that monkey off his back. I, I really want him to, I would love to see him host that Lombardi one day so he can go into conversation. And some of the things that Harbaugh is saying will eventually Dude would win one Joe.


That's it. That's it. Just one. Think about how the narrative change once Peyton, Manny won one. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And it's so, it's so difficult to win. I think The hardest one is the first one. Listen, we've been spoiled with Tom Brady going over and over and over so many different times consecutively. They make you think it's easy. It's not easy. Hell No. You ain't Guaranteed to go back. Nope. The fact that God damn Mahomes them talk about three ping is crazy. That's the thing that some, see, here's the thing. You, you've gotten spoiled with Brady, but you gotten spoiled with Holmes recently because the man has winning the four sub bowl since he's been a start of six years in the league. Yeah. And he's won three. That's great. He's won two league MVPs and three sub bowl MVPs.


And you're like, okay, that's, see no it's not. It's crazy. No. Hell, It's not. It's crazy. He, they make it look like it is, but it's very, That's why only one other person could say they've ever done something like that. And that's Tom Brady. Brady. Yeah. That's crazy. I mean, you got the Steelers. The Steelers won for bowl in six years in the seventies. Yeah. But that's not easy, man. Winning the Super Bowl because it's not like basketball. It's not like baseball. It's not a series Ocho, it's one game game And you gotta be on point. That one game. Yes. Gotta be on point. Yes. Yes. I look, I don't think Lamar gets, I don't think, you know, when it comes to, I see somebody had like fourth and somebody had like sixth or seventh.


I'm like, bro, whoa. When It comes six or seventh, who the hell they had in front of him? Who the fuck? Okay man, lemme, lemme stop. Lemme stop. They Wa look, my thing is, I'm saying, so, so what are y'all judging this on? Because I the only guy that, that, that got su that that's the quarterback that's won a Super Bowl. Matthew Stafford, Aaron Rogers and Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. One of the current quarterback in say of the 32 teams of the 64 or quarterbacks, that's started a backup. Right. Only three of 'em got Super Bowls. Right. Y'all making it seem like it's just, it's just the market's flooded. It's not Right. And the people that they putting in front of him, I'm like, okay, so what is it?


I don't care if he put the football and flowers catch it all. I know they got the ball in the end zone. Y'all talking about. Oh, he's aesthetically, he, he came this, he came down. All I know is the man was one vote, one vote short from being a two time unanimous. M-V-P-M-V-P. Yeah. And that is a blessing and a curse because think about it, Ocho they're saying you were so good, nobody else deserved to get a vote. Right. There's only been two unanimous MVPs in league history. And Lamar Jackson is one of them. Tom Brady is the other other, and he was one voted short from being a two time unanimous. MVP. So people are gonna judge him harshly. Right.


When he doesn't fulfill, especially now Ocho, if he has a, a soso season, get to the playoffs and make a run. Or he gets to the playoff and not, and don't go far. But when you are a unanimous MVP Yeah. Yeah. Or you are one vote. So they're, they're judging him differently anyway, based on their success he's having in the regular season. That's Why you do great. Hey, it's a, it's a gift and it's a gift and a curse if I, it's a gift and a curse if I, if I judged him like I judge every other quarterback. So what makes Lamar special? He's in the class of his own though. The Expectations Yeah.


That I have for a two time MVP Lead. MVP or high. Think about it. There's only three of them. Yeah. Aaron Rogers, Patrick Mahomes and Lamar Jackson. Yeah. What other player they can say they were in, in the league. MVP and the class of his own. So the criticism is warranted based on that. The expectations. That's it. Yeah. And you know, I think, I, I don't, I don't, I dunno what everybody else is saying about it. Mojo. I don't know. All I do is evaluate him, bro, you gotta play better. Yeah. He's gotta he's gotta play better in big moments. Yeah. That's the mahome.


Think about what Mahomes did. Mahomes only had what, two before the game went to overtime. But you remember that game against Philly? Mahome threw for less less than 200 yards. Yards. Yeah. But every throw that he had to make in the second half, It counted. He had to make it count. He had to make it count. And That, and this is why there's so much pressure on the quarterback, because when it comes down to it, I'm gonna make you, I'm gonna force you to make a throw. I'm gonna put the ball in your hands. Hands. And I'm gonna, I'm not gonna let you run it. I'm not gonna let you let this running game run it. I'm gonna force you to make a throw. Yeah. And when it come to, what, what did the Kansas City do in overtime, we not letting Christopher McCaffrey run this ball.


If Brock party, if you throw this ball now the tackle, I don't know what the hell the guard was doing because he let Chris Jones come through. Come right, right through. I dunno what the hell they say, but they like, nah Chris. Nah, cma, you're not running. I'm put the ball in your quarterback's hand. I'm make you make a throw. Yeah. If you make a throw, you walk to the middle of the field, you say, I'm gonna get a crack at you. Mahome get a crack at you. That was, that was bad football by Kyle. Because you gotta know the overtime rule, you know, there's no sudden death. Death. Yep. Not in the post season. It is in the regular season. Yeah. But not in the postseason. Now you give Patrick Mahomes the look to know what he got to do. I got four. Oh, I only need to field goal. I got four downs.


Too much left. They've done. Look, they got Derrick, they got, they got King Henry back there. Yeah. Actually take some of the pressure off Lamar running The football. Take the pressure off Lamar. Yeah. From running the football. Yeah. Hey, you know what this is about Joe. It's a, it's gonna be, it's, it's, it's gonna be interesting season. It's gonna be a very good season. Again, I I I, I think the a FC, the a c is loaded. This the a FC north is loaded, especially this year. Good quarterbacks in the division. Russell out there in Pittsburgh, obviously Lamar, Deshaun see, can De bounce back. I I what he Wanna see Deshaun get back to the, the star where used to send that he was three years ago when he was in Houston.


Hell, we know what Joe Burrow can do If Joe Burrow stay healthy, if he stays upright. That offensive line we spent all that goddamn money, shit. We, I think we gonna be all right. ESPN just ranked the quarterbacks. Mahomes was one. Yeah, burrow was two. Josh Allen was three. Lamar was four. Okay. I mean that, that's, that's, I I like that. But if anything I would put, I would switch Josh and, and Lamar though, I would, I would switch Josh and Lamar. Okay. So he should be, he should be three. Hey, did you see that? Did you see that clip of Nick Wright breaking down? Josh Allen?


Yeah. Did you see that? That was good. I I don't need him Break it down. I watch him, I watch him in big ball games. Hey, That's, that shit was good. And it gave me a different perspective. I'm like, holy shit. Yeah. That was, that was a good four minutes or five, however long it was. Because Ocho you get enamored. You see the great things Right. And you forget about the Bad. Right. Right. The horrible interceptions. And that's what's doing this career, the, the, the turnovers at the most inopportune time Times, bro, You can't, you go get a field goal, you can't throw it an interception in the end zone. Right. You can't, you can't fumble.


Oh, But this guy right here That they listen me, me, Josh has that gun slinger mentality like Brett Favre now. Okay, okay. Okay. Guns slinger mentality. I, it is. I appreciate it. I got, I got the arm strength to throw off my back foot, my front foot falling down, rolling, left, rolling. Right. I mean, he has the arm strength to do it. He just throws those interceptions at the, the wrong time. That's it. But he's such, he's such a talent. It's like, Oh, he o Joe. Like, What are you doing? The guy's what? 6 5 6 6 2 42 50 Yep. Can run through a big brick wall. He got speed.


He can make every throw. But the turnovers O Joe. Yeah. Yeah. Turnover was a kill you. Yes. Every time. The thing that Tom, the thing that Tom Brady was good at, he was not what? Good. He was great. Tom Brady could tell in the first six months of the game what he was gonna need to do. God dang it. I'm gonna have to get into a shootout with somebody I gotta throw for 3 50, 400 yards. Three to four touchdowns. Right? Oh, a turnover might dooms can't put the ball in harm's weight. Right. First six minutes of the ball game, Tom Brady could tell you what he needed to do. Right. And he would play the game accordingly. See, it's okay to be a game manager at times because he knew come playoff times you play double for turnovers.


Oh yeah. That was his great, that was his great. And he was great at a lot of things. The, his ability to process and fight, boom, boom, boom, boom. Yeah, whatever you're trying to go. And he said, you know, coach Belichick, he and Coach Belichick would go over the rundown. And I tried to tell people Coach Belichick was better than what you thought because you line up in a formation and Coach Belichick being the defense, he said, this is where you weak. I would attack you here. Yeah. So now Toga knows. Okay, let me slide, let me rip, let me list this. Let me, hey, let the back check its way out. Hey, I need to, hey, I need you to do this X, Y, and Z. But you have to, quarterback's gotta understand that.


You gotta understand immediately, bro, if it's going be a 13, 10 ball game, Ocho, you can't be throwing, you can't be taking unnecessary risk. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You right the Volume.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on. I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, you Wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've Got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast


with NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.