
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Discover the life-changing benefits of Meow Greens for your cat. Ever see your cat slowing down or having health issues and wonder what can I do to make them better? Well, my friend, add Meow Greens to your cat's food for 90 days, And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings, I'm naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black Invent of Meow Greens And I invite you to take the Meow Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coats and increased energy. By day 60, your cat will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days, they're gonna have better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch a free jumpstart trial bag for your cat today. Go to try meow greens.com. Use promo code, try meow. That's try MEOW. You discover the shipping. You don't have to change your cat's food. To improve your cat's health, just add a packet of Meow Greens,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Mike Thomas spoke about Aren Rogers today. O Joe, let's take a listen at what Mike t had to say. Alright. He's a free agent, as you guys know. He came to visit last Friday. We had a really productive day. He's been in this thing a long time. I've been in this thing a long time, but there's no substitute for, You know, intimacy and spending time together and getting to know one another in a non-competitive environment. And so that was really good. But I don't have any new updates in terms of where the process is. We'll see where it leads us. No, certainly isn't or isn't it? To not task what this situation means. I'm really comfortable with being unsettled this time of year, to be quite honest with you.


It's about talent acquisitions. We got two means of main means of acquiring talent free agency in the draft. We multitask, we do both those, those needs that we fulfill in free agency, we do so there. And when we don't, we fulfill it in the draft. And I just learned over the years that this this time of year, although, You know, day to day, could be somewhat uncomfortable. It is a process. Hey, sound like a politician, don't he? You see how he's sweating? He's like, we ain't got no quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. Every, every, everything he said, it sounds good.


It sounds beautiful, but in order to compete in this league, regardless of what team you are, it's 32 of them. You need a quarterback. Absolutely. They important. There's a reason why they make and command the salary that they do. There's nothing you can do without a quarterback. And ever since then, Burg's been gone, even on the tail end of his career where things weren't really that good, that being down to Vine. Yeah, they should. They was. So yeah, they, they, they were signs that there was slippage and they didn't wanna see it. Yeah. And, and Right. Well no, I don't, I I think they saw it, but they didn't wanna upset him. Similar to how they up upset Aren Rogers similar to how they up their Brett far.


Well guess what? They, they wanna do that in the process of upsetting him. Guess what? You had, you had another 10 years, 12 years of prosperity being able to be competitive. Right. The same thing with Aren Rogers. You got Jordan Love and then boom, you And you be competitive. You've got to, you've got to, especially when you see the slippage. Now, I don't agree with what Coach Belichick did with Tom Brady. That's a totally different instant because Tom Brady was still going to Super Bowl. They were still playing in a FC champ game. Right. But in this situation, it's totally different. And Mike Thomas says he's comfortable with Mason Rudolph being the team starting quarterback next season. That's why we brought him back.


I'm comfortable with that. We've been there before. He's very capable. If you, if think about what he said. What did he say? Ocho? We brought him back. Yeah. Why the hell you let him go? Yeah. You know, listen, he, he is the head coach. You gotta say all the right things. You have to say all the right things. Remember? I just, we just talked about it. You said had you people telling you the truth. Now this bad. Hold on, hold on. Wait on don't, don't wait. Chat. What did, don't Joe say last night, you ain't even let me finish. I was getting ready. I I was just getting ready to give you the example. Oh, Mr. Hasham just said and telling the truth, saying that we missed and now we got on the, on the, on the next hand we got Mike Tomlin giving us a lie.


Don't tell me the beautiful lie. Tell me the truth. We don't have a quarterback right now. Okay? We don't. I shouldn't be, I shouldn't be unsettled. You shouldn't be comfortable right now because you haven't had a quarterback in a while And order to compete in the A FC North and to get back to the historic run that the Steelers are known for winning championships. You need a goddamn quarterback. That's it. You know, that's why I say you sound like a politician. What do politicians do most the best? What are they best at? Lying to the people getting you to believe in what they're saying. Knowing it's not the truth.


And I'm a fan of the Steelers And I love them. The Steeler fans love me And I love the playoffs. But you need a quarterback in order to compete. That's it. Man. He sweat Mike Thomas sweat. Like somebody on the Ma Povy show. You are the father Donald by the dog. Look, I get it. But if Mason Rudolph was the guy, they would've never let him left the building. Name a quarterback that they left, let leave the building. And he's supposed to be the guy. He's capable.


Why? I mean, why they do that at ocho? Hey, You know what this tells you? Do You know what this tells you? This tells you how hard it is to come by. Good quarterbacks good. So let so good. Hey Rick, Rick Grossman. Rick Grossman got the bears to the Super Bowl. Yeah. We just need somebody good. Yeah, you, I don't think you can do that now don't turn the ball over and make the play just defensively. They gonna make you, they'll make the I I don't think Now you talking about the Steelers. We talking about the Steelers, huh? Yeah. Who, what is the identity for the Steelers? They're what? Defense? I'm not saying they just still goddamn curtain, but they're known for their defense. Yeah. If you don't have a quarterback and no, you to compete week in and week out, your defense has to play up the par.


But I'm just trying to, ain't no quarterback walking through that room right now. That's gonna change the franchise. Ain't no Joe Burrow. Ain't Lamar Jackson. You have a 41, 40 2-year-old Aren, robs that might be your quarterback And you don't know what you're gonna get from him week to week. You don't even know if he gonna show up the mini cam. He said good quarterbacks. What? Good quarterbacks, You know, teams let walk out. I mean, you let Russ lead the building. You let Justin Fields lead the building for Mason Ruda. Justin Fields, Russ are no longer there. And you said the best option for the Steelers moving forward was Mason Ruda.


Absolutely not. That's why I say he lying like a politician. He lying like the president. They promised you everything. And when it's time to show up and get it done, it's crickets. Now you putting all that pressure on Mason Rudolph and Aren Rogers doesn't come. Oh, you stuck. Not only are you stuck, Now you put the onus on Mason Rudolph to back up everything you said. Man, ain't nobody look, ain't nobody holding by tomling that. 'cause everybody done saw, we done saw a large enough sample size from Mason Rudolph. We know what he is. Right. We know what he is. All of a sudden he ain't finna turn into no, no. He ain't finna have no season like anybody.


I shouldn't say he's not. 'cause hell nobody thought Sam Donna was gonna have the season that he had. So who did it? Who man, the Pope. Man, listen, I'm listen. The Pope rest his soul could have been the quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings and did what Sam Donald did last year with Jordan, Addison, hoison and God. Yeah. I would've said that had not seen had I not seen Sam had I not seen Sam, I might have believed you. Oh, we about, seriously. I I, I tell you what, quarterback is only good as the supporting can.


Huh? It takes a, it takes a village. And when a village is good, it can hide a lot of your weaknesses. True. True. But guess what? Last two games of season, he reverted back to those same guys to throw to how you look. Expectations change. Yeah. Hey, Ocho, when you ain't got no expectations, it kinda like, it's kind of like, hey, you start seeing this girl, she start seeing this guy and y'all ain't got no expectations. You do you you do it. She do her. Now all of a sudden y'all come together and Now you have expectations. Oh.


Where you being? See if you ain't got no expectation, don't nobody ask where you being. You call. Oh, it is what it is. Hey. Yeah. Hey, call it complications. Hey, I say I'm, IM one of them guys. You know, love is like a clear, once it goes cold, it can't be reheated. Man. Wait a man Alice. Well you think you sleep bro. Go, go ahead and get that to me again. I, I'm gonna use, I'm gonna use a hotel pen.


Bitch. You know what it is? Love is like in a clear, once it goes cold can't be reheated. Woo. Ooh. That's a good one. That's a good one. There are. Hey, I gotta, I gotta, here's the thing. Hojo, see if it's like this here. I mean, even like this Wow. So can sleep in through that crack. But just imagine and the separation gets d gets farther and farther.


I I I I'm just saying don't you, I'm just saying. Listen, you ain't gotta tell. I I done had it. You know, we take a break. Okay? Yeah. I'm not, I'm not responsible for whatever happens on this break. Yes sir. Best sir. That's why, that's why I don't take breaks. Man. Ocho had one. I was like, hold on, took a break. You know I threw with me doing you right. Talk, talk to me now. So come on now. She got mad. 'cause I was seeing, I said, hold on, we not together, but I thought you was gonna Right. So you thought I was gonna wait while you do. You who? Wait, wait, wait.


What? Wait. Who? Shit. Hey, wait back. Hey, I was flagging 'em down. I ain't waiting on nothing. Hey, I call Uber. Hey, I call Uber and catch a ride. That's how quick I was trying to get to where I was going. On your Yeah. You, you ain't faster than me. Huh? Wait for wait for who? Wait for what? You know how long we been in the game? Huh? I'm out the game. Hey. Oh, I'm out the game. I'm out. I'm out with you. I don't know what you waiting for. You laughing. I ain't playing. Oh. I ain't got time to play. What did I tell you about that?


Mountain twenties wasted them thirties, wasted them forties. Wait. Oh boy. I'm about to go on the other side of the mountain. You think I'm finna play? But what I told you about choosing who choose you. Do you write about that now? Come on now. I ain't got time to play what I told you. 2026. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna be what? Married man. You'll be and you'll be a fool if you think I'm not. You see what happened to everybody else that has gotten married. Do you see the blessings that have been bestowed upon these individuals that are getting married? Well, I be, You know, you do that then you, man, I see, I see what happened to, I see what happened to LeBron and Kobe rest him before he got married.


Jordan got married Josh. Huh? And let me go to what's them dating sites. What's some dating sites Now? You don't need no dating sites. You ain't, you don't need no dating sight. You see? Huh? Hey, you see, you see I, I done, I done put my band back on. I'm practicing. Oh, you practicing? I'm, I'm prac. I'm practicing. I'm practicing. I'm practicing. I think I'm thinking, I'm thinking about popping a You know, popping a question. Maybe back maybe in the summertime. In the summertime. The only question I'm asking is, Hey, how much some, how much y'all paying me? That's the only question I'm asking. I don't know what you talking about. Oh no. I, I Wait, who pay?


Who, who, who gonna pay you? I don't know. I'm gonna get em a job. Hell, I gotta get some jobs. Like you Oh yeah. I got, yeah, I got 50 11 of them thing. Oh, Joe Tyreek Hill and Miami Dogg seemingly patch things up after a rough end into the season. But he posted some cryptic emojis in response to trade speculation. Req posted a handful of cryptic posts, responded to trade speculation, peace sign. Why doesn't he just officially ask for trade? You think Tyreek is happy in Miami? I mean, I, I I I would think so. I would think he's happy with the weather. I think he's happy with no taxes.


I don't think he's quite happy with his quarterback situation. Yeah, punk man. That, that, that's a tough one. That's a tough one. Because didn't Tyreek just lead the n lead the NFL What? Not just what, two years ago year? Not this past year. Before last year. Before he let the league receive it. Yeah. With the same quarterback, right? Yes. Same quarterback. So it shouldn't be any issues. It shouldn't be any issues I have. And what's been the issue with the quarterback? Oh, he's been injured. Oh, okay. Okay. I I, I see, I see what you're saying. That's tough on, that's tough. I'm not sure how Tyreek is feeling. I've talked to him on numerous occasions, but I like to stay away from stuff like that. Especially, You know, seeing dudes, You know, in the off season.


I don't want, I know they don't want talk about no football. They, they gotta do it all goddamn, all goddamn time. So I think for me, the situation is good. I would love to be in Miami. I would love to be in Miami and hope and, and hope that Tua can stay upright. You know, this upcoming year. He can stay healthy. And we, we, we know it. We know it. He can, we know what Tua can do with Tyreek and Waddle if he's upright and healthy. And that, that's been, that's been the main issue. It's hard ocho when the quarterback is injured frequently. Yeah. And getting timing with a quarterback. You got one week. So I got three weeks with Tyre. I got three weeks with, with Tua.


Right. Then I got a week, maybe two weeks with another guy. Then I got seven weeks with Tua. Then I got another two, three weeks. Yeah. Oh. So it's hard. Very, You know, it's hard to build chemistry with, You know, think about what it took for you to get on the same page with Carson. Carson. Yeah. Took about you. And I don't care. You, you not gonna get on that same page because you and Carson, y'all, there was a look that you could give Carson or Carson give. And we, And we, And we knew what to, we knew what do And we exactly each other was thinking we knew what to do. Yeah. It, it's difficult. That came from years and years. Years, yeah. Practice being in the game. He understand that you run certain route the way you, oh, aren't you lean? He about to break. I'm gonna throw it, but I, 'cause I know he about to break.


I know he about to snap this off. Oh. Oh, I see it. He about to come, he about to put that foot in the dirt. He about to come right back to me. There's certain thing. And You know, oh, he finna throw this ball. Oh, this coming. Oh yeah. I'm getting this one. You already, oh, I'm getting this one. I don't care what was called. I'm getting this ball. I, oh, he throwing at me.


It's true that some things change as we get older. But if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. Midi clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective DA for dozen of hormonal flash. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com


Jordan appearance on Built for More podcasts. Brock Purdy said he thought fatigue played a big role in the 49 ERs dropped to six and 11 last season. Last year. Man guys were tired. That season is no joke. And when you go from July to training Kevin, everything and all the way to the end of February, and then you really get five weeks off. So until you've got the report back and then you going to go, you're do going at it again. Guys are tired. They're still beat up their bodies. Is that a valid excuse, Joe? Now they weren't tired. That wasn't, they wasn't tired. But I, but I I, I can see Well they, I can tell you why that record was what it was because of injuries.


Like, I can tell you that that's why it looked the way it did last year and had nothing to do with being tired. Well, chiefs should be exhausted. I don't even know how the chief, I don't even know how the Chief's holding up. Hey. 'cause they've been in, they've been in five Super Bowls in the last six years. Yeah. They've gone to the MC championship game every year. Every year. So if, if y'all are tired from that. Yeah. I don't even know how to, I don't know how the Chiefs, I don't even know how the Chiefs holding up on your I don't, honestly, I don't, I mean this, I understand what Brock is saying, but no, every, everybody's tired at that point. Especially depending on how far you make it into the play, into the postseason.


Everybody's tired, everybody's injured. I don't like I ocho let's just say for the sake of argument. Yeah. Me And you And we And you And I we're arguing, why would you even say that? What do guys do? Gods understand how that when they say things, that seems like you're making excuses. Oh, do they understand how people look at it? Like you're making excuses. Right? I but also, see, this is what I talked about too. Also unc, you want players telling the truth. Now remember I said that? Yes. I wish players would be more honest on how they truly feel instead of always being goddamn politically correct.


Now we're getting players that are telling the truth on how they truly feel. And we're chastising 'em forward it for not being. I don. So you, like McMillan said that he don't like watching film and he doesn't study film. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I, no, I That's what you just said. You said you won't players telling the truth. Yeah. I said you can't have it both ways. You just said you like players telling the truth. McMillan told the truth. He doesn't like studying film. He doesn't watch film alone. Right. Because he watches it as a group at practice. Right. So you okay with that? No, I'm not. Why not? He told the truth. I because you a, you a you asked me a question. I I I answered the question.


I want people to be a little bit more honest sometimes. Okay. He was honest. But you're not okay with that honesty. I ain't like, I ain't like that Honest. No, I ain't like that one. Oh Lord. And you, you, you gotta you gotta pick and choose what you, what you saying now. That's my pocho. You just made my point. Pick and choose in this situation. Why would you get, why would you make an excuse? Hey, it didn't work. We didn't play our best football. That's on me. I've gotta play better. Guys around me gotta play better. So even when guys get injured, we lost some key players. But guys that come in, we're plenty good enough with the guys that we had to replace. Even if you don't believe that, because ain't no making up for Christian McCaffery.


You ain't got nobody. That guy's an offensive player of the year. Yeah. He's in the MVP discussion. See, hey, big trick. But hey guys have to come in and do their jobs when the starters go down. That's why you're in that position, bro. Don't gimme that. We were tired. What the hell you think Kansas City was? Kansas City had gone, they went back to back Super Bowl and went to the third Super Bowl. So they should have been exhausted. Yeah. And remember Ocho the year before they went to the championship game and the year before that they went to the Super Bowl.


Hey, You know what though, man, man, that I don't know. Just everybody, everybody sound like some damn robots. Everybody was, sound like some robots. I mean, that's, that's basically what the NFL sounds like in general. You listen to quarterbacks talk, you listen to certain players talk. Everything is the same. It's the same thing, same story, same answer, same, same. Everything. So you like the excuse make? Nah, I didn't. No, I'm just saying. I'm just saying. So what was that? So tell me what that was. Oh, that was the excuse about being tired. Oh yeah. I don't get tired. I don't listen. No, that's what he said. So you okay with the excuse making?


That's that's how you felt? I didn't, I listen. Damn. I mean, he's telling the truth on how you felt. Okay. I felt we went six 11 or whatever it may have been because we were tired. Well I, to me, based on what I saw, it had nothing to do with being tired. I saw how happy God damn team depleted. Are you out Tr Williams out? Christian McCaffrey out. Okay, there you go. Three goddamn stars out. That's why you had six and 11. I can tell you that. I don't woo. I just don't get these guys, man. Everything, everything shouldn't, you don't have to say everything.


Yeah. Hey, sometimes you gotta be real. Oh man. Oh my goodness. Hey, that Brock say, boy, we was, we was tired. Oh man. I used to, Hey listen, I love, I used to go to school, man. Huh? You wanna know what Tide is on. I used to walk 12 miles uphill both ways to go to school. Now I was tired talking about he was tired, man, shooting. But football is recreation. That's fun, man. I just look, there, there, there are ways that you can say things and to get your point across and, and, and with these guys now, but I, I look, see, I can tell the people in that's in the chat ocho that's never been a part of a team.


Right. Because they wanna say anything because they don't care. Mm. Because at the end of the day, when you are a part of a team, you just can't say anything. Okay. You just can't do anything because it's the, for the betterment of the team. When you are an individual. Now Serena, we ain't wanna say she was tired. Okay. That's Serena. She ain't got nobody to fill in for. Right. Tiger Woods wanted to say he was tired. Well that's fine. But when you are a part of a team, you understand. Right. And a lot of times people have never been a part of a team or part of a winning team. There's a difference between the two. Yeah. Go back to study by track record. Talk to him. Huh? I know.


Curve. Asian dollar. I know. That's why I'm single. I'm okay with being single. Wait, what? It seemed like you not okay with being single. Hold on. What, what was her name? Like hold on. It seemed like Elcho. You know what it seemed like? Yeah. It seemed like everybody got a problem with me being single but me. And who said I was single? You got you somebody. I don't remember. I don't remember saying anything. Hold on. You got you somebody and ain't tell nobody. I've never told anybody anything. I don't say yay or nay. Okay. I just let people talk. Oh. Let me let You know. It's better that way because I like what people, I like when people say, well I thought this was this. Okay. Right. Man, I ain't know you.


I didn't know I supposed to make an announcement. I'm just trying to figure out. So what was I supposed to, was I supposed to tell people make an announcement? I mean, I would, I listen, I've been trying to hook you up with somebody for damn near three years now. And you, I I ain't got no flat tire. Why you trying to hook me up? You pro truck. Hey boy. Hey, hey. You saw what I, what I what I sent you earlier today. I saw that. Man. Boy, listen. You know I don't go nowhere, but I told you two 20. I told you 2025. I'm not playing. I'm going out. I'm, I'm stepping out. You need to get back. You need to get, you need to get back.


You need to get your ass back inside. Why? What happened? You just need to be inside. No, we still got how many, how many more months we got before 20, 25 is up. Nine. What? So we got nine more months of me being outside and nine more months of me putting on clothes. But listen, let me, let me finish though. Go ahead. I went out, I went out, I went out Saturday. Yeah. I went to a, a, a little place, little nice little lounge. I, You know, I don't really go nowhere. So I'm excited. Right. I'm like a little kid. Look, lounge is in, in Brow called, called Isha. They were very nice. You know, they played some good music. Good, good Oldies too. Good Oldies. Eighties 90. Okay. I like that. Hey, they played Mink condition.


I ain't heard this song from M Condition since 1994. Please tell you, please tell me on remember the song. So fine. So fine. Yeah. Oh, hey DI was so rude. I told the DJ I had him run it back three times on. Damn. I, I swear I, I had him run it back three times. I ain't heard it in so long. And it sounded so good. The, the day, the day I went to, I went to something in, in, in, in Broward called BB Sundays. They was in there cutting up. You hear me? Were they? Yeah. Oh yeah. They was in, they come down there cutting up make guest appearance. Huh? You need me to come down there and make a guest appearance? Man, they told me to man. They, no, they told me to ask you Slim cat.


I know you gonna see this. Oh, he told me. Man, tell come on down here because what I sense you, it's like all over this. Just look just like that. Oh. So I'm trying to be good old. So I'm just trying to, I'm trying to look And you gotta, Hey. Oh, you gotta come to mind me. Let the people in Miami to see you. Yeah. It's okay. You, you ain't got, come on. Hey, we, I can take you to T Tootsies. You hear me? No, I can take it. I don't wanna go no place like that. Wait, I can say, okay, lemme take you to booby trap. Mm. What? What you are You gonna cut it mind Booty trap? No Booby trap Booty. Yeah.


That's where you get it from. You go to Booby Trap And you get the booty. Nah, nah, I'm done with you baby man. Just Jill. We believe Justin is the starter. We believe in Justin. We believe we can win with Justin. We're excited about Justin's potential fields. 26 will follow Aren Rogers who went six and 12 in two years as the starter fields went. Four and two in his six starts last season, throwing five touchdowns with an inception. The jet signed fields to a two year deal. Hoping he can prove their long, can prove their long-term starter. You like what? The gym, you like the gym showing confidence. I, I love that he came out and said this.


I did. Justin has done, he's had to deal with enough, he had to deal with enough when he was in Chicago, them letting him go. Not believing in him, him going to the Steelers, him getting the job because Russell got injured. Right. Then when Russell gets back, the job is taken away from him. So to hear, to hear the GM over the Jets say you are our starter and Now you have nothing to worry about. You don't have to look over your shoulder so you can just go play football. Agree. The main thing is the main thing. Now the ball is in your court. You have a chance to solidify yourself as a starting quarterback for the New York Jets based on your play.


And if it doesn't work out the way it should, it is nobody else's fault except your own. Yeah. I don't know who the OC is. O Ocho I think the thing is people looking at the Jets, like look at the team. Look at the players that have left the jet and the success they've had. Yeah. Look at Gino. Look at Sam. Donna Now the difference is, look at what Gino was throwing to in Seattle. Right? Look at what Sam Donna was throwing to now are y'all going to give him, are y'all gonna give Justin Field those type of weapons? I mean they need, they need one more if they want to add one. 'cause you already have one in Garrett Wilson who was able to win. He had a hell of a hell of a goddamn rookie season and things kind of tapered off a after that.


But we know what he can do. If you are able to give him the ball And you put him in positions to make some of the plays that other players are getting the opportunities to make around the league, You know what you can do with that. So we, we had the draft coming up. I mean, I think all off season acquisitions or or moves have been made to date so far. Brock Purdy says he is about, about 40% of the time, he's not able to see his intended target on throws down field due to the size of the lineman in front of him. He talked about how important it is knowing coverage's scheme and knowing where his receivers are supposed to be. How common is this? Is this typical of for quarterbacks who aren't very tall? Yeah. Yeah. It happens all the time. Huh? All the time.


Drew Brees, baker Mayfield, Russell Wilson. Russell Wilson. You have to throw between the linemen. You have to find, throw you, that's what they call it. Throwing lanes. Yeah. And you got, And you, you have to anticipate as well. Yes. I mean it's, it's been, remember Doug Flutie? Hell when Doug Flutie played? Yes. Well, I What you think what you think Kyle Burnes man, what, what? That's, I couldn't, I couldn't think of it. Kyle Murray. Hell, half the time he probably looking at it live with ass. Who, who else is short? Huh? Who else? I know everybody. Kyle Kyler. Drew was short.


Baker Mayfield is short. Short Russell Wilson. Yeah. I said Russ. Trying to think who else who. Oh yeah. Two, two is two is not, not not that tall. Uhuh Bryce Young. Okay. Bryce. Bryce is short. Yeah. Bryce. Bryce is, Bryce is in that boat too. But You know what Ocho I've said that if I got 50 million, yeah. I wouldn't have said it before. Ain't nothing. But anyway, listen, the fact that he did say it, he's still in a good position anyway. 'cause he is already put in the small sample size of work. Well he gonna get his money anyway regardless. Right. But the fact that you've been able to do what you've done Yeah.


Even though you couldn't see 40% of the time. I mean, it can, it can work in your favor too. Yeah. Yeah. I mean look, Mike Vick wasn't the tallest. Johnny Manzel wasn't tall. Yeah. No, no, not at all. Not at all. It's how tall is Hertz? It's not like Hertz six five. Wait, he's probably the average height. Probably six one. Yeah. Jay Jayden got Jayden got a little height six though. How tall is dad? Jay Daniels? Jayden tall. You about six three. Yeah, but Ocho but he's six one. His offensive line is six. Six. Yeah. Who can see it over?


Yeah, you right. But You know, one, once you drop back, you think everybody gonna be Josh Allen. Yeah. Everybody, you gotta think also in today's game, especially for the offense that, that, that we're seeing And we are seeing now, most of the time, quarterbacks in the gun. Yeah, for sure. Most, most of the time quarterbacks in the gun. So you are already at an advantage if you are a short quarterback. Anyway, then now it all all comes down to you processing and having anticipatory skills and when to get the ball out and hoping your receivers right, you receive us right, you get open.


It's true that some things change as we get older. But if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. Mei clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms. Not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d.com.


You Russell Wilson is coming to the Giants with the expectation that he'll be the starting quarterback in his presser ocho. He said, yeah, I expected me to starter to come in here and be ready to rock and roll every day. Yeah. I think this team is really looking for somebody to lead them every way. Is this a match made in heaven for the Giants ocho I mean, listen anywhere, remember now Ocho before you go, come on. Signed. They signed, they gave Jamus two years. 8 million basically is a one year deal for 10 and a half million. That's guaranteed he can make up to 21 million, but he gotta win. Like what? He gets X amount of dollars per win or something like that. Right. But anyway, do you see them taking a quarterback with the third?


I think the third pick the third word. Yeah. Listen, I, I listen, I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't care if they had 33rd. Go ahead Oto. I don't care. Listen, I don't, I don't, I don't care if they had 37 quarterbacks on, they on they on, they on their roster right now. They taking a quarterback come draft time because there's still no quarterback of the future. Now, whoever they draft at quarterback, they have somebody they can learn from and learn behind for a year before they're put into that offense. And depending on how to play from whoever star, whether it's DeVito, whether it's James Winson, whether Russell Wilson, man, Devi, stop, DeVito ain't starting, You know damn well DeVito ain't starting stop with that. I'm just, I'm just, now I'm just calling the names of the people on the roster, baby.


Let, let me, let me, let me get em a point across. But either way it could be Yeah, it could be, it could be Shado, it could be Cam Ward. Okay. They might even surprise us. And, and, and, and pick somebody else. You, you never know, You know how the draft works. Right. And sometime when it comes to their decision making. But either way, I think Russell Wilson probably gonna be the starter everywhere he goes. He's the ultimate, not only competitor, but his approach to the game and willingness to learn the offense and, and You know, obviously be a team player and all, all that good stuff. He says all the right stuff. Yep. So there's, there's a reason why the Giants wanted to extend that grace to him, allow him another year. And I, I'm excited. I mean, Russell Wilson, Malik Nabors, they still need to do something with the effing offensive line.


Yeah. And get another, no disrespect to brother, brother Slaton very nice receiver. You got Malik Nabors, but you still need another Playmaker the giant. But I say they did they bring Slaton back, didn't he back? Yeah, he back. That's what I just said. They still need another playmaker. I they they just played slate. But they still need another playmaker outside of them, You know, to go, to go to go with Malik neighbors and then Slaton that offensive line boy is abysmal. It's abysmal because, so you, you, you gonna have, you gonna have Russell running for his life. Yep. Outside of that, they, there so many things they need to address offensively to actually, to actually be competitive week in and week out. Especially when you're bringing a bring, you're bringing in a quarterback.


You, you definitely drafted a quarterback. I don't know who it's gonna be. Whether it be Shado, whether it be Cam Ward or maybe surprised to pick somebody else you might like that you've seen. But the other issues that need to be fixed. And I, and to, to me, I would start with that offensive line. If I told you five years ago this would Russell Wilson's career, would you have believed it bouncing around like this Ocho you wouldn't have? No. No. Probably not. Not probably not. Because even, even me as, as a lover and, and, and, and enthusiast of the game and understanding of it, the trajectory in which he was gone was always, to me, he was viewed as the top the cream of the top one of one of the elites.


Because it was consistent year in and year out. Yeah. Year in and year out. He was consistent. He was in a place of comfortability where he knew a system And you just go in there and do what you need to do year in and year out. Now on the back end, things changed. I wish Pete Carroll hadn't made that call And you already know what I'm talking about. Yeah. And you would've had two rings under your belt. Yeah, but I think man, Seattle saw something. They saw slippage, Jojo. Ah, ah, okay. Ocho he's been on this third team in 33 years.


Yeah. Ain't no way around. It ain't no, let's not sugarcoated. He's his third team in three years. Right. It's tough because You know, you had, you learn the Bronco system, you were there for two years. You go to Pittsburgh, you learn that system, it gets harder and harder to keep. I mean, you think about it, it gets harder and harder to learn a system. Yeah. Even though, because look at B, once he got, look, okay, he went to Carolina, he was in the Rams.


Well we, everybody knew he wasn't gonna stay very long with the Rams. Right. Except the fact they had Matthew Stafford. But look at him now. He's thriving. But he got, he got great complimentary players around him. He got Mike every, he got Chris Gowin, he got nice running back. They did a great job. Buck Irving, they did a great job in the draft with the running back position. Right. Mike Mis, Mike Evans is Mr. Consistency. Chris Gowin went down, but hey, he's back back. Yeah. That's why I think you support cast matters. Huh. That's why I say that all the time. Yeah. Yes. For a quarterback, for a quarterback that may be on decline where he is not the same as he once was.


If you're a quarterback, you're not in a position And you need those players around you to make you better when you're not the caliber player anymore. To make them actually better, you have to be in the right system. Yeah. The right support and cast and everything will take off. It's hard. It's, it is, it is hard to hide your weaknesses when those around you ain't that good. Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It is very hard to hide your weaknesses. Yeah. Because I'm gonna make, I'm gonna make you play to it. Hey. Yeah. But man, I see that's what makes the eagle so difficult. Yeah. Because if you take Saquon away, you got two guys outside that can make you paint you gotta deal with. Yeah.


So now what, what did they do? It's like we just go play zone because you can't run the football with what you got behind you Patrick home. You can't run the football. Right. Right. So now they say, You know what, hey Kansas City say, nah. I say Quo, we ain't gonna let you do, we ain't Finn let you run outside the building. Right. And her says, okay, I'll throw out the building whole list. That's the thing. It, it's, it's, it's not that complicated. It's really not. You try to take away what the strength is and if somebody beat you with what this is, okay. You just give 'em credit. I mean Yeah. If I'm Kansas City, you go to the Miller Field, say, Hey man, Jalen Congrat man, good game. You gotta live with that. You gotta live with it. Because if Saay had run everybody else out of the building, he didn't run you outta the building.


Jalen Har did what he needed you to do. Gotta, he didn't throw 300 yards, but he was accurate and he made you pay at the time. Oh Joe, the Patriots signed Stefan digs three years contract worth up to 69 million. Digs is 31 years of age working his way back from a torn ACL. Yeah. Mike Vrabel is all in on digs saying, yeah, just trying to make sure we're supporting Drake and supporting the football team. And again, this is a highly competitive company receiver that's produced throughout his career and, and multiple ways played in style. Yeah. He's got a play strength to him and he sees that he can play physical, You know, route craft, good run after catch and it's good in the red zone.


And there's a play, a play style to him that's always appreciated. And that's what we want to continue to enhance and make sure that he's doing things to help us. I like Are you surprised that he got that length of deal, that kind of deal coming with ACL l No. No. Absolutely not. No, because no, I, I wasn't surprised because they were in need of, of a playmaker of this magnitude. Even with Stefan digs coming off of a CLI understand Ray understands Robert Kraft from the stands And I tweeted it out. I'm not sure if people in the chat and pull up the tweet that I said right before he even got signed, when he went on the visit, I said something to the, to the likes of one leg, two legs, no legs at all.


Make sure he leaves that building with the deal. Not only I'm talking about the competitor that he is. Yeah. And the ability for him to be able to get open and manipulate defenses even if he doesn't have, even if he doesn't play on the outside. Even if he, when he plays on the inside, that's a, that's a target that Drake may needs that he can be, he can be relying on during football season. There's enough time from now with him rehabbing. 'cause I've already seen some drills with Stefan out there working already and I'm seeing how far he is come so far. Yeah, I saw, I saw him squatting, but I was surprised. I thought somebody would make a, a prove it deal one year. Oh, okay. Okay. I, yeah, You know one, You know what I'm saying? Don't your one year $15 million with a chance to make 28, 20 5 million.


Right. But who knows, we haven't seen the intricacies of this deal. It might be a one year deal. Right. Disguised as a three year deal. Right. Because we saw T Higgins deal and basically it's a one year deal. Okay. Right. So Yeah. I I like it though. I like it especially. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Veteran receiver good to me. To me some people would, would probably won't like it. I think a good locker room presence, especially for the receivers for Drake, may, may being able to converse and learn from digs on, on, on some of the things when it comes to the route running and processing information and understanding what he sees Yeah. And what he may see and how, how things, You know.


Yeah. Right back to the A TV. Rodney Rogers got paralyzed. You remember Rodney Rogers, the Wake Forest great talented player of Denver Nuggets. He got para, he ended up, I think he was in Phoenix at the time, but he ended up getting paralyzed on one. He was a hell of a player. Ocho Rodney Rogers lefthanded went to Wake Forest. He might've been player of the year in the A CC looked at up Ash. He was a ocho. Yeah, I'm talking about Conjun. I mean he was a, I'm talking about he was built like a football player. Chad, y'all remember Rodney Rogers? Well he look junior ball, he looked like Larry Johnson basically. Oh, he was thinking of he, he was. Oh no, Ocho I I'm talking about grandma, IM talking about grandma tackle. He was that be, yes. He was a CC player of the year.


Ocho when the a CC when the Carolina of it. And they were loaded back then. Yeah. Yeah. He was, there was another one guy, Williams, the boxer he ended up beating. Oh, Paul talking, talking about Paul. Paul Williams. Yeah. On the motorcycle. Paul throw, Paul told about Paul throw about 2000 punches around, man. Paul was a joy to watch Paul. He was huge. He was a, a big ass well to weight. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Excuse me. Big, big, big, big. Hey. Yeah. I like, I like And I just wish, I wish guys like Yeah, you, yeah.


I just, just, just guys just be careful. That's all I'm saying on show because I, I don't wanna see guys mess up their careers. Look, have fun. I I my mindset was just different. Yeah. Once I got that money, I said, You know what, I'm gonna make this money as long as I can now once, once my career is over. Because your career gonna be over in the mid thirties anyway. Yeah. I could hop on a motorcycle and dirt bike, but I ain't finna mess no money up. Right. None. I ain't, I ain't finna give none. Like you say, you ain't giving none of it back. I ain't giving none of it back because, You know, look, basketball players, baseball players, every, no matter what happens, that money guaranteed, we ain't got no guaranteed money on your Yeah. One so dope.


760 million, seven 50 Gary. Yeah. Sho hate Gary Mooky. Yeah. Yeah. But everybody, everybody don't want, Hey, everybody don't wanna live like that. Huh, man. Okay. Every, everybody's not gonna have that mindset. You know, people wanna be, when people want to be free, people wanna enjoy themselves. You know, without, without thinking of the negatives of, of what could happen or what if this happens. They just, they just wanna enjoy themselves. Especially, You know, at this age, these young, especially in this era we in now, it's just different. There's so many things to do, so many things you can enjoy, You know. But I, I, listen, I totally agree with you. I understand. But I, I, IRA, I'd rather them be safe and free or, or, or doing things, You know, confined in areas that they shouldn't be doing.


Okay. Well if you feel, if you feel that way, like I say, blessed your heart that, that that ain't The Volume.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.