
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA A all 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, Joe, the question is, has Lamar Jackson won enough to secure the MVP DraftKings Sports book? Still have Josh Allen as a minus two 30 underdog, but he's the favorite by his two 30. So that means he's the favorite. See, would see what I mean as Lamar? See what I mean? The plus 180 5 Is this, is this is this after the game or before the game After? See, see what I mean? So see, that's why I say the vote must have already be in they somebody knows something. Somebody. Well, no, Here's the thing. Your vote don't have to be in until normally, I think our vote had to be in by Monday by noon. Right. Because you know, you gotta vote for all the awards.


You gotta vote for all pro because you get a vote. You vote for all the AllPro team offense, defense kicker. Right? Coach of the Year. Rookie of the Year, you know, offensive rookie year. Defensive rookie of the year. MVP comeback Player of the Year, so forth and so on. So all that, So you obviously, and I, it might ocho it might be after the game, after the last game, but I, but I'm thinking it, I I'm thinking Ocho I'm thinking it was noon Monday. Okay. Like I said, it's been so long ago. Hell, I hadn't worked at CBS in man in so long. I mean, I think last year was like the Broncos winning the Super Bowl. So that was 2013. So it's been like, it's been 12 years.


So that was a long, long time ago. But for me, I'm just saying, and I think Josh Allens had a phenomenal season, but 41 touchdowns with less than five interceptions. That's impressive because Aaron Rogers and we know how gifted Aaron Rogers is a throw of the football. I mean, you think about all the great quarterbacks, only two have ever done this. Aaron Rogers and Lamar Jackson, 900 Rush Yards with 4,000 passing yards. No quarterback has ever done that. He did it the second highest quarterback rating in NFL history.


He got it. It's crazy. He got a lot of first or second he's had that. Like I said, I, I'm glad I ain't a voting now, which listen, it ain't, I'm glad I'm not a voter now. I'm glad, I'm glad I'm not a voting now. I'm not. I I, however, on the week that he was named the Pro Bowl Za Flowers, he's the first Ravens wide receiver to ever be named to the Pro Bowl. What? Drafted? He's the first. Oh, well, because what you call him win, but he was the first drafted Ravens wide receiver to the Pro Bowl Derrick.


Because I think, what's the guy that was at Tennessee? Derrick Mason. Derek Mason. I think Derrick Mason went to the Pro Bowl. I wouldn't, but he was, it's, it's, you know what it's like Kansas City can. Patrick Als was the first chief quarterback drafted. Oh, okay. To win a playoff game. Okay. They've had other guys went playoff game. Right. But they weren't drafted. Right. Za Flowers was drafted. So you go back and you look at all the, the players that were drafted. Right. It's the first one that ever made the Pro Bowl. That actually wasn't Yeah, because okay. Thriller Michael Jackson, he was from the Browns. So I remember Michael Jackson, he came over arrested.


So he got, he got killed on in a motorcycle. A traffic accident on a motorcycle. But man, I, I hope, I hope Zay iss okay. Okay. Injured the right knee early in the second quarter and did not return. So hopefully they were able to get, get him some treatment. Yeah. I'm biased. I want Lamar with, yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay. I be, wow. Sue me Hold Show You gonna show him that helmet? Huh? That was me. The Super Bowl helmet is at the house. So yeah, I'm biased.


I I what you want me to tell you? Okay, Sue me. I don't think that's gonna fit. Now I might get long and then they, y'all might have to cut it off my head, but, but I hope he's okay. Hopefully they're, they're able to. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So what man Ocho yo DT Michael Pierce spoke about his interception. Let's take a listen to what he had To say. Oh boy, that was, that was so funny. Boy, I wanna try six. So there's a Long history of turning big guy interceptions and fumbles and all that stuff in the memes.


So at the risk of ruining a career play like that for myself, I, it's time to go home. So Bus was all the gas. You good? Hey, I was o ocho. He had a blocker. He coulda got it. He'd have made it ocho You Think so? Yeah, because the guy had already, he listen, wasn't nobody back there. Right. So now all of a sudden he had a blocker that had already picked up the quarterback. Now he got a head start of the offensive lineman. Hey, you know how funny that would've been if he had 3 55? Listen, 3 55. He had a convoy of people. You know how three would've been three? What? The 3 55. That's the weight that he weighed in at training camp. We Probably about three 70 there.


Hey, I, he, Hey, you know it's hard to sweat, don't you? When it get cold and bald. A yeah. Oh yeah. You know, it's hard to sweat. Hey, he, he should, he should have took that man. He should have took that. I remember Vince, I remember Vince Wilfork had one one time. Yeah. Eight. I was, he tried. It was so funny, man. You know, he know those don't come often. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Listen, he, You dropped past coverage and got A and he picked it Ocho he didn't bobble it. Ocho he didn't bobble it. He caught It clean. Right, right in the belly. He got, he gotta, he gotta, man, listen, it won't happen again. You gotta take that man. You gotta, he'll never Get that opportunity to get ocho. He'll never. Now he might ocho he might get one that get popped up in there and he catch it, but they gonna be on it.


Yeah. But to get one clean like that and you got it on the dead run. Yeah. He took a knee and say He did that thing. Like that's the end of the game. Ocho hey. Like I from third to big. Hey, if you notice Ocho, he didn't take his ass to the end zone either. He went to the Fire line line. Nah, that's wrap. He retired. He was Tired. He retired. Yeah. I don't blame him. Hey, congratulations big guy. That was awesome man. Michael Pierce with the interception. He might've been the heaviest guy to, nah, hold on. Maybe that Tennessee Titan he picked off one.


Jeffrey Simmons? No, the guy from Texas. Didn't he pick up an interception? Take you to the house? Because I think he had the record like the heaviest guy to ever returned the interception. I think he was like three 40. Oh, that, that gotta be a dope feeling, man. Especially for the big boys. Woo Ocho. Yeah. What, what's the guy Deon Gray? What's the guy that they drafted from Texas? The big D lineman. I think he got a pick six.


Leonard Williams got a pick six. Remember Ly Williams picked that Rogers. Oh yeah. Not long ago. He was good. Yeah. Ly Was because I think that's the do he was the heaviest with the longest. Yeah. Yes. What did he get a pick six? Yeah, I thought he got a pick six against somebody. Ocho the Browns have not guaranteed themselves the NFL top three draft pick miles. Garrett said after the game there will be something coming. Mm. Is a Miles Garrett trade imminent. Yeah, probably. I think, you know, miles Garrett has done everything he can for the Browns organization. He's been a standout player and in the community, I think it would be do them do them their do just and do right by him and allow him to go to a contender and, and contribute somewhere else.


I'm, I'm, I'm assuming maybe draft day he gets traded somewhere and it, it, it'll pay dividends as far as draft picks are concerned for the Browns, they'll be compensated very well for somebody like Miles Garrett. And he will go somewhere where he can contend, you know, for a Lombardi. Yeah. Hey. 'cause that my thing Little Joe, I believe the Browns are more than one player away. Yeah. You might as well like try to build this thing back up. Yes sir. Get a, get them first Rod draft picks that Miles Garrett will bring you probably two ones and a two, maybe two Ones a two and a four.


So I get a we'll swap draft positions this year, as a matter of fact. No, I'm gonna get your first round pick this year and I'm gonna get him next year. But I'm also gonna get your two this year along with your three or your four next year. Yeah. Ocho I think they're just, they're just so much away as far as like building this thing up. Because look, you got Lamar, Lamar is 26. Yeah. Joe Burrow is 27 20. So you gotta deal with those guys for the next decade. Yeah. The next decade. Now we don't know what Pittsburgh's gonna do. Maybe May, Hey, maybe they bring Russ back. Maybe they, maybe they go, they don't strike me as a team that'll go, that'll be invested in a Sam Donald to spend that kind of money on Cho.


They don't really like to spend heavily in Ency. They like to invest in their own. Right. You know, you don't, if you notice them, they don't spend a whole lot of money in Ency. They're a mom and pop shop. Everybody knows what they are. But Miles Garrett will fetch a, a pretty penny. Oh Yeah. And if I'm the Browns, I'm listening. Yeah. I'm gonna try to get him out of, I'm, I'm gonna try to get him out of the A FC Joe. But if somebody in the a c offered me the best package, well he going to the a c Yeah. Choice because I want the best package. Yeah. You ain't got no choice. Hey, I'm going now. I'm not trading him in the division. So Cincinnati, Baltimore, Pittsburgh don't even call.


I'm not trading in the division now. Woo. You about I ain't gonna be that damn fool. Pittsburgh. Can you imagine Miles, Garrett and TJ walking off? Hell No Man, please. No I can't. But that don't have to worry about it because it ain't gonna happen. Right. It is not, it's not gonna happen. But the Baltimore Ravens look good. Lamar 16 to 32, 2 17, 2 touchdowns. Derrick Henry 20 for buck 38, 2 touchdowns. The Ravens 35 rush attempts, 220 yards. That's what they do. 437 total yards on the day. Bateman had five catches, seven, six yards in a touchdown.


Mark Andrews four catches 54 yards in a touchdown. Likely was three or 38. Derrick Henry even chipped in. They had two catches, 23 yards. But the Ravens looked good. Yep. What one sack, two sack, three sacks. I think they had like three sacks and a pick six. What? They had two sacks in a picked six. So you have to be pleased with that. Like I said, Cleveland just, they need a major overhaul. Yeah. They Got, they got a ways to go. They do, they got, listen, they got a ways to go on the offensive side of the ball. Yeah, well you gonna need to have a ways to go because Miles Gary's gonna put a, you know, you about to lose 14 sacks. Yeah.


Ocho post went viral on Twitter show and Lamar Allen Mahomes a burrow. Which one you getting rid of? Woo. Ooh, That's a good one. Boy. Mahomes ain't going nowhere. So I want y'all to debate between Lamar, Josh, Allen, and, and Joe Burrow. I, I listen, I like all them boys. O obviously, you know I'm, you gotta get rid of one, don't you? I'm keeping Burrow, Mahomes and Lamar and I, I, I love, I love Josh Allen. I love Josh Allen. Great quarterback. But if, if there's, if, if there's one that's gotta go, it's gonna be, it's gonna, it's gonna be Josh. Okay.


Definitely ain't I like that. Lamar definitely ain't going nowhere. You know, Mahomes is that boy. How you know Joe? Bur that's my quarterback. Yeah. And rightfully so. Don't Joe, the Chiefs were ice there today. Trouble to get on the tar back tonight before the Bronco game. The plane got stuck on the tarmac for four hours. Will this disrupt them? Were you ever stranded on the tarmac? Absolutely not. But I don't mind that. I don't care if you gotta have me on the tarmac for 10 hours de-icing my plane, please de ice my plane. Because you know what? We don't deic the plane and you take off anyway. Man. I don't, I don't want none of them problems de-iced my plane.


So everything is working how it should be in flight. I don't care how long I'm on the tarmac. I you don't, you don't play like that. There's a reason that they had those de ice machines to begin with that they got that for a reason there. Man. People I remember in 97 Ocho we got, we had that, if y'all look it up, we had that snowstorm that hit Denver that day, that night and bled into that day. And I think we probably got about five to six feet of snow right over the course of about 24 to 36 hours. And we got stuck and we, we going to Buffalo and man, I don't know what time, I don't think we even ended up getting out until like maybe six o'clock.


So it's already eight o'clock at night. Yeah. Ooh. We didn't get into probably about one two. That's, That's, we had to go there. We, we put something on them though. We ain't the now. TD ran wild. TD ran wild. TD had like 2 0 5. We just ran the ball because it was, it was it, first of all, you know, if you go to Buffalo in December, oh man, it's gonna be f up weather. I don't think every, you know what? Don't. Yo, now that I think about it, don't your, I've never gone to Buffalo and it had to be nice weather. It's all, it's, it's like, it's like snow. Yeah. It's like rain. It is like sleet. It's something may, maybe in 94 it was decent. It was windy but it wasn't, no it wasn't precipitation.


But you go to Buffalo in late November, December, you kissed the baby. Oh Yeah. You kiss the babies. It so close to Canada. You going to get what? Hey, Just what you ball. But look for the most part, nah, the guys, a lot of the guys like Mahome. It's not disrupting him. 'cause he not playing. Nah, Kelsey, a lot of the key contributors though, they're not gonna play tomorrow. Right. But a lot of these guys that are gonna be playing, they just happen to get an opportunity to play. They get an opportunity to start. Yeah. Hey, the playing can, Hey, as a matter of fact, they can lead tomorrow morning. Yeah. I, yeah, I, I don't, I don't think this doesn't affect players. You know, one bit.


I mean, some people no. Might might say, you know, it, it doesn't throw off anything. You know, the game is still gonna be played. This is, this is, I call it your downtime. This is your unwind time to get yourself focused and locked. Right. The extra time that you are on there. I'm sure everybody has their iPads. Do your homework. Do your Homework man. We gambling. Yeah, we playing talk. We playing ang we playing in between. Hey, that's a first of all, you know that's time. That's time ocho a Yeah. Anytime. A and that's the way we pass time. But I, I give y'all a little insight anytime there's some downtime. Right. Oh, we gonna get that gambling on. Yeah. Everything, everything is for money.


There's nothing. It ain't no for fun. You playing for money? Money. Yeah. Oh yeah. So That's because that's our competitive nature. We just competitive like that for fun. Yeah. But I don't, I can't remember the last time I did something for fun. Right. College played football. That's the last thing I did for fun. Anything now. Hey man, I played for, hey let, let's just shoot some hoop. Right? We'll put something on what you wanna but bear bro, I just wanna shoot. Nah bro. Put the ball down there. If you ain't shoot, if you ain't playing for no money on your, just put the ball down. Right. Vrabel watch VR will change his profile.


Pick to him, play him for Pats. What does that mean? I don't know. It's very subliminal, especially with some of the reports coming out that Kraft might be trying to bring Beral in after only one year of having Gerard Mayo there. I'm not sure if Kraft would actually make a change that fast without giving Gerard Mayo the opportune time to change that franchise around and probably try to get them to prominence where they, where they once were with Bill and Tom Brady. Drake May has played well in spurts similar to that of Aaron Rogers. But he showed flashes. He showed flashes of what he can do. And I think another year or maybe two under the helm of Gerard Mayo, I think the Patriots are gonna be, be okay.


I'm not sure how far away they are from competing in the A FC East and, and and dominating that division once again. But they're not that far off as bad as they were this year. They have some who, Who's not that far off O Joe. Old Patriot. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they not that far off. I I think they'll be all right. But I think it's too early. It, it's, it's too early. Not even even give Gerard Mayo a chance. Just give him a chance. One year is not enough time. It is not, but they also know that if they don't hire variable, they're not gonna get an opportunity to 'cause it's gonna get higher in this cycle or else. Yeah. Yeah. And so, and that's, and that's, that's the thing though, Ocho, that's so tough.


And I like Mr. Kraft. I got like, like of all the owners, I probably know him the be well yeah, I know him the best. I was gonna say prior to Mr. Bowling passing and him being around him was Mr. B. Right. But I probably know him. I've been around him, the, the most, him and Mr. Blank, Arthur Blank. They're always, they've always been great to me. Always. And I like him and he strikes me as a very, very fair guy because Coach Belichick I think was five and 11 in his first year, and he gave him a second year and, and he was lose had would've lose a record until that fateful hit Mo Lewis put on Drew Bledsoe. Yeah. And it changed the fate of the entire NFL It changed the fate of an organization, how we view that organization, how we view Coach Belichick and Mr.


Kraft, one of the, be one of the better owners in all of pro sports. Yeah. That's a that's a tough decision. It is because yeah, Ain't ain't ain't no telling, ain't no telling what message Bravel is sending. You know, especially doing that and you don't, you, you don't really see anything like that from a head coach or from a coach in general. You know, you see stuff like that from players. You Right. But I think the thing is, hey, maybe he knows something that we don't. Yeah, I, I, I think the thing is either in a very tough spot because Mr. Kraft hand selected Gerard Mayo.


Yes sir. He's been under Coach Belichick tutelage. He played for Coach Belichick. He coached under Coach Belichick and obviously he had things that Mr. Kraft liked. Right. Or, or he wouldn't have made him his head coach. But I do think that he has a very fond liking to Mike Vrabel. Mike has proven himself, he's taken to the Titans to the playoffs sup a couple of times went to the A FC championship game. They ended up losing the Kansas City. But that's a tough one, don't you? Yeah, that's a, that's a really tough call. It's hard to pull the plug after one season, but I know Mr.


Kraft doesn't wanna lose on this opportunity that he believed that Mike Bel is a, is a, is a, is a very good coach. And he would hate to lose out on the opportunity. But sometimes you gotta, you gotta lose in order to win. Oh yeah. We've all lost out like, man, we didn't see it at the time Ocho, but we made decisions like, man, I hate to do this but I wanna do it. And k like, damn glad I made that decision.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress. E free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like Progress bank and services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Now taxes is 100% free when you file in a TurboTax app. If you didn't file with us last year. Oh yeah. Yeah. Just do your own taxes in the app by two 18. What if I have lots of forms? All good. All 100% free? What if I had three jobs Still 100% free? What If I once saw Bigfoot? That has nothing to do with taxes. So still 100% free. Now that's what I'm talking about Now. This is taxes. See if you qualify in the TurboTax app excludes TurboTax Live must start and file an app by two 18.


I chose Safe. Juan Broccoli trolls. The Giants in a new sleep ad. The Giants running back trolls. John Maher in a sleep aid commercial referenced his viral moment, hard knocks wi. He said he'd have a tough time sleeping if Saquon joined the Eagles. Man, forget that. I don't wanna hit nothing by no ad. I don't hit nothing, no commercial. You wanna troll the giants, you wanna to get the giants back for what they did to you. But basically telling you, you know, we don't value you. We don't think you are worth the money that you deserve. It's him going out there telling God damn Sira, you know what I wanna play, I wanna play.


I wanna go out here and give it to the Giants and break this record and then you can take me out the game, then I'll sit down. That would be best ad that would be the best commercial. That would be the best way to stick it to John Maher and whoever else made that goddamn decision to let him go to the Eagles. Oh, how you pronounce the guy named Joe. Sean. Joe. Sean. Sean Joe Shine, Schoen. Oh Yeah, him close enough. Johns G Oh, But here's the thing. The problem that I got Ocho is that they played in the man face.


You knew you weren't gonna sign the man back. You know, we love to have you. We but I, we what We think we owe you the opportunity to go out there and let you test the market. One thing about it. Well, you can't believe nothing they say, listen, owners and GM owners, general managers ain't no different than politicians. Oh, they gonna sell you a dream now they gonna what you wanna hear. But when it comes time to fulfill those promises, man, stop. Man. Man, man, stop. That's the thing though, Joe. Is and in the process of you shopping, they telling you thing, that new team.


Yeah. Hey, it's almost like, hey, that new person in your ear telling you I'm gonna cook and maybe I'm gonna take you. Hey, we going to Jamaica, we going to Cancun. I'm gonna do all this. Huh? Ocho that thing gonna fly in Clay. Yeah. Hey, that new? Yeah. Oh real. You sound good. We, we love and see Philly. We love that. See the thing is Ocho, when somebody wants you Yes sir. And they go and they show you Billy showed Saquon that they wanted him. See the Giants want, we want you, but we want you because you see how they did it.


They put him on a franchise tag and all that old foolishness. Now look back about it. You lost your court and you lost a quarterback that couldn't play dead on a Western and you lost your running back because you was being cheap. Hold now hold on, hold on. Daniel Jones. He couldn't play dead on a what? A Western. So now look at you. Hey, that's a good one. I like that one. That's a good one. Oh Joe. I mean like, but and then first of all, normally like when you doing stuff like that Ocho, you don't put that on tape. You don't put that on camera. Right. Because you make yourself look bad. Yeah. Y'all everybody saw that y'all played in that man face. Yeah. Everybody saw that, what y'all was doing.


And then you try to, and then you try to like, oh, you know, we just, you know, we just, we owe it to you because you've been so good. What if I've been that good? Go and break bread. Yeah. Break bread then if that's what you feel that way about me. Break bread. Y'all playing. Unfortunately, I I agree with you Ocho. We talked about it Ocho last week. Yeah. I want to get that record bad. And he would and he would've got it. It wouldn't have took that, it wouldn't have took that long. It wouldn't have took that long. I, I don't know how long it would've took, but I'd have been in a damn game till I got it.


Yeah. He would've got it before he would've got it before halftime. He would've got it before half. Who? The cowboys will start Trey Lance versus the commanders. Lance will try to showcase for the NFL that he's worth taking a chance on in the off season. Mm. Could this be the final dance for Trey Lance? I think, yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't call it the final dance. He's a young quarterback. If any, if anything he can still be a backup anywhere. He can be a back. Well right now he can't pay. He right now he can't play dead in the horror movie. Hey Ocho, all you gotta, all you gotta do, that's all you gotta do. They gonna put some little ketchup on your cho that see it.


Oh, I'll get a man a chance man. Get a man a chance. Listen, there are far off worse quarterbacks that have backup roles and sometimes third string roles in the NFL Trey Lance is a good quarterback if in the right situation. But what I think he can do, but I think he can do is he can put up a good performance where he signs back with the Cowboys. He can be the, he could be the number two behind Dak Prescott. Jerry really likes Cooper Rush. What else does Jerry, you know what? We gonna have to get Jerry eye check. We gonna have to get Jerry's eye check. May well, is is there a problem, is there a problem with having two black quarterbacks?


Is that, is that the issue? 'cause the better quarterback out the two outta Cooper Rush and Trey Lanz. To me, I would lean towards Trey Lands if anything And that's no dis that's no disrespect to Cooper Rush. I'm just understanding what Trey Lanz could do. I'm not saying he's Dak Prescott, but you know, they have, there are similarities, you know, I think he's a better runner, better dual threat. He can throw the ball. He's efficient. You know, put him in the right circumstance. Right now Ocho he is a dual threat. He's terrible and awful. That's the dual threat we talk about right now. I don't know if you noticed it ocho, but there's a, think about it, Mr. Irrelevant beat him out for the job. Yeah. Yeah. The last player selected in the draft Ocho Yeah.


Beat hit the number three. The team that he saved. Yeah. Rock Purdy saved Kyle and, and and Lynch. Yeah. Job. Yeah. Yeah. He did. He did. It was almost like a, but it should have gave you, it should have given you something because if you think about it, think about what happened in, in Washington. They drafted RG three, they traded to get RG three and it also took Kirk Cousins. Yeah, Yeah. Mike wanted, he, Mike liked cousins from the jump. Yeah. Thought that, let, let, let's just stay packed with, first of all, we salary Cap Health, we just got docked because we dumped all that money in the uncapped year.


They took, they took money from us. Right. So let's stay, because if you take, if we in salary cap health for two years, we got no draft picks for two years. How do we get better if we can't sign pre agency? Right. We can't draft at the top of the draft. How do we get better ocho? So you Can't, but Dan Snyder, you know them guy A, the guy the name at the bottom of the check, he's, Hey, I want this guy. And, and the Rams just kept jacking the price up and they gave it. They got it. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I hope Trey Lance can come out there and show him something. Yeah, you're right. He's probably what, 20?


How old is Trey Lance? 25 Young. If he's, that might be 24. Yeah, he is young. That's why I say he gonna be, he gonna be, he's 24. Yeah. See he gonna be, oh yeah, he gonna be around for a while. He gonna be around for a while. I'm not Sure. Be around what? Coaching? Nah, NFL Come on. Don't do him like that. Now you 20, 24 O Joe. They ain't gonna give you that many. Hey, they not gonna give you that many more opportunities Ojo. Dude. How many, how many more opportunities have Nathan Peterman got Now if Peter, Hey, first of all, Peterman is a noun. I mean he a bird. Oh, you out there Peterman that mean you playing terrible. I mean is he had to leave? I don't know if he had to leave. He See he's a backup somewhere. He's a backup somewhere. Nathan Peterman.


Yeah. Ah, man, that Joe pulled to Peterman. I don't jump with you to say, hey man, that Joe pulled to Peterman today. Hey listen, if if, if he can continue to be a backup and have, and have a role and have a job in the NFL Trey Lance can as well. And I think he will have a good oh Ocho, he with the Falcons. See what I mean? Lord have Mercy. See what I see what I mean. He, he get, he get an opportunity. There's no reason why Trey Lance won't be on the roster. There's no reason why he can't go out here and have a good last game and put on a good showing. Where Jerry Jones, He on the practice squad Ocho, he on the practice squad. I know what you mean. Oh that Listen, but he's there. That's a job. That's a check. Yeah, check. It ain't, it ain't much. It ain't much, you know, compared to other NFL players.


But it's a check. Yeah. He in the NF nfl. I mean, Hey, when they asking me what you do, I'm in the NFL. Okay. Yeah. I, I'm with the Falcon. I don't gotta go into that pr I don't gotta say all what I do. I'm go to Falcon, dammit. That's it. That's all that matters. I don't gotta tell you I'm on the practice squad. Do you? I'm on, I'm on the team. Hey, when you were in college, you say hey. Yeah, yeah. I play what position you play? I, I play such and such. Don't ask me if I play, I'm on the team. Dammit. So you ask me too. You So you getting personal, you know what I'm saying? I say I play for the Tiger, I play running back. Hey, Hold on. You know what I'm saying? I go ahead. I have to real. We gotta drink too much water.


Yeah, that's a, that be Well this is Trey Lance's opportunity. Just show that if he can that that he has something. Because look, obviously he showed something and, and, and in the draft process, I know it was only one year he got really hurt by that, that Covid season he played at Football subdivision, which is a lower the level right below DVI one A. And then he only had one year starting and then Covid came and then he sat out that year. And so he really did. That's, that's, that's not a whole lot of, of, of playtime. Especially not playing at a, at a, at a very high level.


And so I think that hurt him a lot. But he had to show enough to that were team, I mean the 49 ERs wasn't, weren't the only team that thought had that had a high draft grade on it. So I hope he goes out there and shows something. Damn. Because there ain't so many more opport there, but so many opportunities that you can get before they like, you know what, the man just ain't, he just ain't got it. And then, but this is his opportunity. There are a lot of other guys that gonna be out there playing. He playing for a job but he not the only one on the roster that's playing for a job. Yeah.


This is your opportunity to show, hey, this tape goes out. Everybody that playing ain't gonna be back with the Cowboys. Oh yeah. I'm trying to show the a I'm trying to show somebody I can play. But he played, you know he played at the same university that Carson wi went to, but I think WI was like a two or three year starter. What? Good luck. Trey And A is wh Ocho Seahawk's rookie DT Byron Murphy II took his teammates out for dinner and was pranked with a fake dinner bill. Yeah, I saw that. Of 155,000.


Oh funny boy. His reaction was priceless. His actual dinner bill was much better. It was $38,000. Hey, that's good Ocho. Did y'all ever prank the rookies? Listen, I had, I mean, as, as when I was a veteran, I didn't, I didn't make the rookies do do rookie night. I didn't Now when I was a rookie, I'll never forget Peter War Darn h Scott, Ron Dugans, Danny Farmer was there at the time. Tj Now I had to pay for Ricky dinner that night. I can't remember what the price was, but it, it was, it was, it was a little hefty but 38,000. Thinking about that, that ain't much on, that ain't much.


When when you look at some of the linemen, when the linemen go, go out, man, I've seen, well I I've seen some of those, some of those receipts when them boys go out, it'd be expensive. Well you start ordering, you start ordering that King Lou, you could order that King Louie, they Do it on purpose 500 a thousand dollars a shots. They, they do it on purpose, like 15 shots of that. And then they go order that big, they gonna order a bottle of wine that end up cost like 10 grand. Yes. You get the bigger, you get the lobster. You know they bring the lobster round on, on the wagon and the lobster this big the wagon. Y'all, y'all, I know y'all seen it. They bring them lobster round in the wagon. Right. He think he going for a ride. Little do he know. He, Hey boy, Hey they don't be playing boy, They don't be playing.


Look Porters and, and Ashley Lil Lee their rookie night out. We hit them for about 22,000. See that ain't ain't bad. You know me, I had to have a li I had a limo, you know, 'cause I ain't want nobody 'cause they gonna go other places. I had a relationship. Y'all not Finn to get me broken up in the middle of season. I know, I'm sure. Sure. I don't buy, I don't buy little Tention. Oh, I ain't fool with y'all. Hey listen, same thing I tell my homeboys when they come, you know, Hey Sean, come on let's go out.


No bro, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You not finna mess with my home and leave. Right, right. No, absolutely not. I get some of my tea. Hey, hey bro, you going out? Yeah man. Hey, my homeboy's in town man. Sharp. You know we got him. Hey all. There you go. You good? Yeah. But other than that, don't you? Yeah. Now listen, if, if you're a rookie and you're not only a rookie and you're a first round pick man, listen. Oh we rookie. Oh they coming against because I got a limbo. I got a limbo 'cause I got a limo by myself. Daddy sent a limo for me. 'cause I wasn't going out with them. I wasn't going out with them afterwards. So I needed a limo that was gonna take me back. Right. Because I ain't want eight.


No, no, no, no. I'm going home. Right. So, but you know, back there, I think you had to get a limo for like, for like five, six hours, seven hours. It was probably like a hundred dollars an hour. It wasn't no nothing, no sweat like that. But the only thing I made sure about, Joe. Yeah. I wouldn't let you get stuff to take home. I don't care if your mom, I don't care if you're dad. I don't care if anything you're not getting stuff to. No, no, no, no. I'm not gonna let No, no, no, no. We're not gonna do that strictly Us, Us, us, us. So that was, that was like 22,000. I mean, you know, we, you know the guy order King Lloyd, they order, you know, like a FA 15th, protuse B you know, wine or Rothchild, whatever it was.


They get a couple of bottles that I said bro, y'all and you know they gotta get, they gotta get the most expensive steak. They gotta get some lobster. They gotta get the ma everything. So it, it didn't, it didn't, it didn't cost them. I mean 22,000 wasn't, that wasn't that much but Oh yeah, you going pay. Oh yeah. If somebody say, oh I wouldn't pay. Oh yeah, you would. Oh because we gonna take it out. Your check, You gonna pay, you gonna pay. Oh it's coming. We're not going to allow you a tradition that's been handed down the first round draft pick second round. A lot of times we let them, y'all, y'all pull together. A lot of times the first round I had to pay dinner for himself. I remember they hit my brother, but I think they hit my brother for like 12, 13 grand.


But the thing is, is that you gotta do that. Right. If you are a rookie, you got to bring donuts, you got to bring breakfast sandwiches. You've got to bring food to the plane. Yeah. I did it. You don't know how many times I'm hustling and bustling. I'm, I'm dressed like Jeff Row Bodine. I hang it all up, man. About to fall up my head man. Don't you don't laugh on Joe because I gotta go man. This you, he want Kentucky Fried chicken. He want Popeye's. He want this. I gotta go all the private the place man. Yeah. Oh hell no. That's funny. That's why I was like, I gotta make the team. Yeah. All this they got me doing. I'm gonna have me somebody doing this issue for me please.


Oh man. Hell nah. But we did all that, you know, rookie singing ocho, I went big, I went big into the hazing. We make rookies sing. You know, we might steal their car and drive that off or something like that. But all that I ain't cutting nobody hair 'cause ain't nobody cut my hair because it really been, it'd been some, you cut my hair, it gonna be a problem. So we not gonna do that. So I went, we didn't cut anybody hair. You know, at Baltimore we take the rookies to the gold pole Gold. That was hard. That was all hard. Knock put put 'em in the cold tub. Put 'em in the cold tub. Yeah, we, we tap the table up and put 'em in the cold tail, stuff like that, don't you? But mainly we make 'em sing.


Not your album, but I don't wanna hear about your fight song. I don't wanna hear you about your album Martin. You gotta sing some Luther Vand draws Barry White. I I don't care. S Hey whatever you know the words to Other than your damn fight song. So, but yeah, but that was, that was, yeah that was back in the day. That was back in. Yeah. We used to steal people cars and stuff like that. We, it's funny because the past, the time it is like grown men. We behaved like eight, seven, and 8-year-old. Yeah. Look kids. Yeah. Oh there was some Almond Rosse Brown thinks the NFL should make a rule change.


Let's take a listen to the change he recommends. Okay. The bull shouldn't be changed. Obviously if you in a division, you know, you should obviously make him play out spot. But having a 14 win team, having him run the road kind of crazy. But I guess, you know, I don't make the rules so Okay. No we not gonna change the rules because y'all might lose the game and be a 14 win a 14 win team and go on the road. That ain't how we do it. Right. It's been like that, don't you? So well listen, they going, they going to Minnesota, right? They, they play Minnesota Comes to them. Oh, Minnesota comes to them. Yes. So they already beat Minnesota on the walk up. They kicked the field goal. Right. I remember. Yeah. But what is he complaining about then?


Because they might lose be 14 and Oh and they have to start the season on the road. I know. Yeah. Listen, that's, that's nothing you should even worry about Especi, especially that goddamn high powered offense. There should be nothing you worried about whether you playing home or whether you're playing home or way. I understand the advantage that play that teams have playing at home. But listen, the way, the way y'all rocking offensively right now, I wouldn't care if we was playing in Sahara Desert if Long Gang Campbell is my coach and he got that wheelbarrow with him. Cahors, he carrying him every time he's coaching. I'm not tripping. I'm not tripping. Yeah. He, so I don't agree.


I think you and I both, we don't agree 'cause the rules are the rules. We're not gonna able to change the rule because we have an anomaly. Right. How many times the 14 win team has had to start on the road. So I, so one time it happened in the, in the a hundred plus year history. Right now, we gonna make a rule. No. So what Nah, we not fitting to do that. It It was, it was, it was a great suggestion. Yeah. But, but the team, you know, and, and how y'all are playing on the road and at home, it really don't matter. It don't matter. So, no. So Know what he's saying though, Ocho is that if, if we have a better record right. Than a division winner, we should be at home. Oh. And they should have to go on the road. Okay. I see. I see. No, I see what you saying.


They Won the division. That's the reward you get for winning the division. Right. And that you get to play at least one game At home. At home. Yeah. I see what you're saying. Ocho. Yeah. A husband brought Christmas gifts for his ex's kid using his current wife's credit card. No, you gotta listen to this Ocho check a listen to take a look at this. Let me get this correct. You are not obligated to buy another woman who you used to date her children. Yeah. Toys. You're not obligated to do that.


Yeah, no. What makes you, what makes you feel like you have a right to do that? And take my credit card they to buy. I have nothing to do with that. They, Tina, it's our credit card. Just 'cause it's your credit card. We are married so that means it's our credit Card. So you gonna be disrespectful like that and spend my money, our money on some other kids. They ain't know some other kids Katina. They once was in my life once upon a time that was my ex and her children, they don't know they father, they father is locked up in incarcerated. So I some keys. Well, I know one thing. I know one thing. You better run me back my money. You better money. You better. You don't even sound right. I don't wanna hear No more than talking about this. No, no, no, no, no. You better put my money don off away from me when I'm trying to have a conversation with make sure you put my money back on my cart.


Okay. I like the situation. I understand. I under, I I understand where he's coming from. It's an ex I used to date the kids situation, been around him for a very long time. Understanding the circumstance that they're in. Mom might not be in a position to be able to get the kids the gifts. It's the holidays. You know what, I'm gonna take it upon myself to get gifts for the kids because I know they might not be able to get 'em because there's nobody in your life to do so. Because their, their child. I mean their father is incarcerated now as the woman, I understand where she's coming from as well. Man, what you doing? You ain't dating her no more Now. He didn't get anything for the woman. He got it for the kids.


Now that, you know, when it come to the kids, I don't play, I don't play by the kids. So I have a, I have a, a good understanding of why he did it. And I also see her side where, where it's coming from. They have a joint account. I think what he should have done is is she, he should have let her know first I say baby, listen. Let, there you go. Listen. Why did he let her know? Yeah, tell the people. Say she should let her know. Why didn't he let her know? He let He know. If he told her she was gonna say, Uhuh, you ain't doing that because you're not with that. You not with the lady no more. And those kids aren't your responsibility. But the, the woman also not understanding the, I hate not the word chemistry, the relationship I had having those kids in my life.


You care So much about 'em. Why don't you stay? Huh? Why don't you stay in those kids' life if the daddy's not there? They don't know that Dad, you care about them kids so much. Why aren't you stay? Ooh. Oh, you ain't had to say it like that with me, me and the mama. We ain't just, we didn't work out. We, we ain't work out. Were them Kids wasn't enough to keep you there. I thought you stayed for the kids. Mm. I'm, I'm, oh yeah, I'm, I'm talking Oh, I'm talking about that specific situation. Hey listen, I understand where she coming from, but listen. Hey, and you know how, you know I get in that conversation. Oh, that he, me even arguing back. I'm just saying if I was in his shoes, baby, listen, I know I spend the money. I know you don't like it. What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna put the money back on your card. Matter of fact, I'm gonna double what I spent and put it back in the car.


Yeah. That's a conversation you have before. That's a conversation you have. If you are in a marriage and you know, first of all, you know that's gonna cause Yeah. Money out of a money outta sight. Cause a fight. Yeah. Because now she don't know what that money went. Now you told her, babe, what that $500, what that thousand dollars win? Well, you know, my ex, I don't really know a whole lot of people. That's gonna be okay. Nah. If they're married or they're in a relationship with their partner, be it man or woman buying gifts for the ex's kid. Whoa, whoa. Wait, I could be wrong then. It might be some, huh? Were they his They weren't his kids though. They were, they weren't his kids. Yeah. See, okay. Okay. Yeah. No, no, no. Not his kids. I see some women would be understanding if the kids were yours.


Yeah. Oh, you, you ain't got no choice but to be a damn understanding. Right? Right. They're my kids. I'm buying gifts. Right. A ain't it. To understand what that one now, but I do understand Right. A man or female, I don't want people to say, well if, if she'd have done it, it would've been, it'd been a problem too. Right. Because I I would've understand the husband being upset that you buying your ex's kids gift. I get that. Right. But in that, that situation, when it's something like that, when, you know, it could tear the fabric. Yeah. The trust, the foundation of your relationship. You gotta run that. Hey, you gotta run that by her. And then you know what, you know what's funny? He understood you. It is all about knowing your woman. It's all about knowing who you, who you're dating.


It's all about knowing who you're married to. He already understood, he already knew the assignment. And knowing that this is something that I actually can't even tell her because I know she's not gonna agree with it, which is why he did it without letting her know He ocho. But when you put it on a credit card and she see the bill, like, well, what the hell who, who buying, who buying stuff at toys Us? Who buying? Who buying? So what you saying here? I I told I told you what you gotta do though. Huh? It's, it's a, it is very easy. I don't know. Don't worry about it. Ocho you muted ota.


Okay. Can you hear me now? Yes. Okay. Listen, all you gotta do is baby listen. I apologize. I'm sorry I didn't let you know ahead of time because I knew it wouldn't sit right. You. But what I'm gonna do for you is it not only am I gonna put the money back on what I spent, I'm gonna give you a little bit more So you can go treat yourself to something nice. Boom. Everything salt. Matter of fact, did you eat today yet? Come on rag real quick. Let go. Grab a little bite deep. Boom. No, she ain't try to hear that. Hey, listen, I, that's all I got here. I mean, because I, I think, I think the thing is with her, they're like, okay, you still feel this way about the kid. You probably still feel something about her. Oh, come on now.


You could be able to, you, you could separate the two. Now. Come on now. I you I done married you. I done married you. You already know. Listen to kids. They was in my life. I, I feel, I feel some type of way about 'em not knowing They not going to have anything for Christmas. Come on now. She probably said, how is that, how is that my problem? See, that's the, oh boy. Women, women, women mean yes. Me think that Now Ocho you marry. Yeah. Your wife take money from your account and buy the her ex kids. Boy, you gonna be hard. Ocho I already know you, you gave look at, think about, lemme lemme tell you something about men, especially men that's in our position, right.


We're very territorial. We very possessive. Mm. And the mere fact that somebody might be fishing in our pond Mm. Leaves me feeling some type of way. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna stop you right there. I'm gonna tell you more. I'm, I'm gonna tell you one thing about my pond on and just me. So now we gotta understand they had, I'm saying you, I I said you were married. Oh, okay. Okay. But let's say you see what you just said now, right? Yes. In this situation they had joint, joint bank accounts. I ain't Yes. Joint. I ain't having joint Nathaniel with nobody. Now that, that ain't nothing. Married, divorce, ex-girlfriend, none of that. We not having nothing.


I think you should have a joint, but you also have an individual account. But, but here's the thing though. Ocho here's where you gonna run into problem again. You gonna lose a trust because you doing stuff and you didn't tell her. So now she's gonna have to question what else haven't you told me about? Yeah. Back then. So, you know, you got, you gonna have to build that back up. Huh? You gonna have to build that back up. That's all you got. You gotta build it back up. Just can be. I I, I think the thing is for me is that, look, I'm gonna be, look now when it comes to my kids, when it comes to my family, I ain't telling you ish. I, I aint, I ain't fitting to lie to you. Now if it come to my homeboy, hey, buck need to get but Hey, look, I'm gonna take a few dollars.


Yeah. Bucket down and look burn, need a little something, blah, blah, blah. Okay. Boom. But when it come to my Right, There you go. Yeah. Ain't know nothing. Ain't nothing to be, ain't nothing to be discussed. Right. Period. Ain't nothing. And, and listen. And if it's a problem, they go the door, it, it, it ain't gonna be no problem. Because I think the thing is with me, people that deal with me, anybody that's ever dealt with me, they already know how I am with my family. Right. You hear how I speak about my brother, you hear how I speak about my sister. Look, my kids know I'm last cho, I'm last option. Not first choice, but I got 'em if, if it necess, if it's necessary, if it's a necessity, they understand that.


I don't really do all that stuff. 'cause a lot of times people, like for me, Ocho lemme tell you something that I'm not gonna do. I'm not gonna try to buy my kids for the time that I missed. Mm. I'm not going do that. So, no, I made sure my kids left college with no debt. I bought 'em a vehicle. 'cause I felt I owed my kid an education. Right. I owed him that. But for why to buy houses and buy cars and to buy this and that because I was, I sacrificed that time. No, no, no, no, no. That shit ain't happening. That's not right. I told my kids we had this conversation. I'm not seeing y'all think I get on here. Oh, he, no.


I tell my kids I can't, I can't buy, I can't buy lost time. Mm. It's the one thing that I cannot get back. Right. That's the number one currency. I it is time. I'm your father. I'm your la I'm, I'm your la last option, not first choice. Because I, I've equipped you, your mom and I've equipped you with the tools for you to go out to be the world to be successful. Right. Now, I understand that everything is not gonna go perfect right now. If you talk to me, dad, here, this is what I'm thinking. Okay. Okay. Why do you think you need to do it like this? Mm. Have you thought about doing it any other way? You come to me and says, okay, this is what I'm thinking and it doesn't work out.


I got you. But don't bring your ass to me after you done did it on your own. Try to be sneaky with it. Now you gotta, no, you gotta save. Hell no. Mm mm mm No. But like I said, what my fam my, if I'm with somebody and her family, she's like, Shannon, you know my mom X, Y, and ZI got you. We, if we in this thing together, we in this thing together. Right. That's how, that's how I am. Now everybody might have, might, might be different, but if she needs something, I got it. But when it comes to, when it comes to the, my family, my brother, my sister, because for the longest time, mocho, that was all we had.


That was all I had. I know my sister got money for my boyfriend to give to me and my brother. He would run money by my Savannah when I was at Savannah State. He run by them. $50 come in. Good. Yes, sir. Come in handy. Yeah. He made sure damn it, Friday he passed it through. Hey Sharp, somebody looking for you. I already know who it was. He'd be out there in the parking lot. Right. Hey up $50. But yeah, I just think the thing is, go, Joe, this could have been handled had he look babe. Right. You know, X you know I was with Quita. Right. I was with him for like five or six years. Right. The kids, I just wanna do something for 'em. The dads is going through what she going through a hard time.


I just want to get him a gift. She maybe he my a she Was gonna say no. She gonna say no. Gonna say hey. Huh? She was gonna say no. That's why can't, that's why he ain't tell her. There's certain things you can't tell. There's some, it's all about under dealing with, hold on a black woman at that. You think you finna, are we in a joint account? Man? Man, please man, Go for That. Absolutely not. No Sir. I, but you know what, Don, you I do. I do have a soft spot for kid. A soft spot for kids and, you know, but no, I, I look at it.


Look, the big account, what a big dollar. Oh no. Ain't nobody name on that, but mine. Ocho Yeah. You'll never, you'll never have go to get some money Mr. Sharp. There's no money in this account. Shh. And have me crash out The, the the, the funny thing about it is what, what? Well, I mean, not to shoot it. I, man, I had, I ain't gonna put my business out there, but, but I think you and I look, have the conversation before. It's probably not gonna go well. And then, you know, hey, you have to try to, you know, Listen, I tell you like my grandma used to say this too shall pass.


Damn. But that's tough. That's tough to have a, I mean, I, I don't know. Maybe that's common. Don't, Joe, maybe that's common. Wow. No, I don't know. No, no, no, no, No. But I'm saying maybe that's common that somebody was in somebody's life for that period of time. Right. The kids using the kids' life from the time they was like two or three to the time. They was like 12, so forth and so on. Man or female? Male or female. I don't know. It, it is just, I, let's just say I've never been in that position. Right. And so I, I I would just like, I think the communication is the best thing. But you're probably right.


She's probably gonna say no. Yeah. Probably she gonna say no. You know, I, I've never been, I've never been in that situation I never had. But just listening to it, I'm just giving a hypothetical on what I would do if the situation presented itself. You know, that's it. Especially if I, if I, I've been with someone who's, who's had kids and I understand the circumstances and the situation the kids are in and understand that the mom is not going to be able to man, you know, like, you know, do do something man. You know, here go five, 10,000, you know, take care of the kids for Christmas. Make sure they good, you know, whatever it may be. Oh yeah. You try to get a divorce. You go up five to 10,000. Bad it bad old. Oh, we Talking about, we talking about our circumstance.


Oh Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh, Okay. We talking about, we ain't talking about that circumstance. You know, you know that, that's, that's, that's, that's a little, I was think I was thinking more alone. 505. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean five, I mean, you gotta think 5,000, 10,000 is a hundred, a hundred thousand. You know, to, to, nevermind, nevermind. How many kids did the ocho It, they said it was only 3 0 3. Yeah. Make kids to get a good Christmas. I mean, you know, it was five, 10,000. Somebody like you man ain't now Bad boy.


Bad. Yeah. If I th a cble, alright, George, you ain't gonna get paid this much. Joe was like, dang. George would be like two kid. That ain't got nothing to do with me. Oh man. I was like, boy, I I I was thinking like maybe a thousand, 2000 old say five to 10. Damn. That be real. That crippled. You get that cripple.


Keep the lights on that, that keep the lights on. Keep the, keep them in the apartment. Another month or two. Like 500,000 for three kids. What the, what the hell? What the hell you ain't gonna get? Ain't gonna get nothing. I mean, look, you right ocho five, $10,000 for somebody like you, my, you, myself and your, you, you and I. Not a whole lot of money. I mean, so, but he probably put out about a 500 thou. I'm thinking 500 a wow. Yeah. Yeah. And, but I, listen, I can understand her frustrations. You know you have Yeah, but I, but I, but I tell you what I know a even now, if you the situation, oh, she gonna feel some type of way.


Yeah. 5, 5, 5 to 10,000. Yeah. Because Now she gonna be, oh, y'all, y'all were really, y'all were really connected. Y'all was really locked in. Listen, I would be throwing the number out there. I was just throwing the number. But you throwing the number out there. Then she gonna think y'all really locked in. Right. And you still might be locked in. Yeah. You not just, Now it's time for spider segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Let's go Chin. Hey Aaron Rogers. I know you probably watch him. Let's go tomorrow, baby. Come on now. Laney Ray.


Hey guys, thanks for having me achieve my New Year's resolution by letting me attend a live show in Note New Orleans. Which one of you guys are picking my bikes tomorrow? And which one of y'all gonna be wrong? Who you taking? Ocho? Hey, thank you for that question Lady Ray, glad to see you back. Barnes must be closed. Listen, honestly, Detroit is playing so well offensively. I know Montgomery is out. Jamir GI will be able to show the load, but that guy there and Brian Flores got that defense playing so well, man, due to the injuries that, the lines of suffering. I'm, I'm, I'm edging, I'm edging out.


It's gonna be a shootout though. Huh? I'm edging out the Vikings getting away with this one. And I, I, I got them winning the game simply because of the injuries defensively, you know, for, for the, for the Lions. Even though man, Brian, Brian Branch and, and, and Kirby Joseph. Man, they haven't, they they hadn't won hell of a year. You See Kirby, you see Josephine make the Pro Bowl. He got Stu Bro leading the NFL and interception with nine at the safety position. Hey, it happened, I remember one year I with Simon Fletcher, he led the NFL in Saxon. He didn't get selected. Yeah. So it's happened before. Yeah. Ah, that's crazy. Ocho taking the bikes.


I can't pick what Ocho he bad luck. Dang. I'm sorry. I'm sorry lady. I'm taking the, I'm taking the, I'm taking the Lions. Brandon Hall new member. Love the show, bro. Thank you so much. I really, really appreciate that. Thank you for stopping by. Hopefully you love the content that Ocho and I put out four or five nights a week. But we appreciate your support. Thank you Brandon. We really appreciate that. Zachary Fields. It's my birthday and I just want to wish their vibes for Nightcap famine 2025 also. Who they, who they, who they gonna beat them Bingos? Who? They who? They they gonna beat them. Bang. No, everybody was nobody.


Nobody who? They, You see how y'all, you see how y'all can't handle little prosperity? Y'all can't handle No look. Prosperity little Y'all won a few games, huh? A few. We ain't lost in five weeks. What you talking about? A few. And there was a couple of times y'all hadn't won in five weeks. So by the time y'all average, I'm listen Zachary, thank you bro. I appreciate that man. And happy birthday Anova. Thank God the Bengals won because Ocho was gonna cry, was gonna cry in the car. Yep. He sure was. Yeah. I was gonna make sure he cry on air too. Yeah. Yeah. When he gonna cry tomorrow night? Oh no, I, I'm, I'm definitely not. I already, I told you how the game was gonna go.


Matter of fact, I want my money in ones 'cause I'm, I'm gonna go to the strip club. I'm gonna throw 'em, I'm gonna throw 'em. I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna tell the dancer. New Orleans Ain't got no strip clubs. Who? New Orleans? Yeah, they do. They don't, I don't know. Don't start me to lie. I'm Sure. I'm sure they do. They got some. Well, if they ain't got no strip club, we'll bring the strippers to us then. No, we ain't done done. We ain't gonna do nothing. You don't, don't put me in your mess with your Nope. You don't wanna you don't wanna have a good time with your money. No. All right. All right. We gonna be busy working. Yeah.


Isaiah Lancaster, uncle Ojo, who do you guys get bounce in the first round next week of the playoffs and can you drop new merch with your quote? Never accept anything in a win you wouldn't have lost. That's coming. Isaiah. Well, whomever the five C is, they're gonna be, I got them beating the Texans. Now what happen if CJ Stroud and that officer line side to block and CJ Stroud have a day with Nico Collins And meet you? That's probably, he probably going against the Chargers. Khalil Mack Boer. I don't even, I don't even like the thought of that.


So if I had to pick, I think that would be, and it could be a situation, the four seed that the Rams. So I could see a scenario where both five seeds beat the four seeds, the Lions or the Vike play Minnesota play. And, and, and obviously it'll be in LA and the five seed I think would be the, the Chargers. I could definitely see them beating, beating the Houston, Texas. Mm. Guatemalan. Dude, if you're, if, if any of your playoff teams, don't nobody want to see Joey B make the playoffs.


That team is, is playing hot and Joey Bur is making plays. Thank You. That's what I'm talking about. Somebody could actually see it. That's what I'm talking. I appreciate that Guatemalan whatever, whatever your name is. But I appreciate you because UNC can't see it. I see. He gonna know. He he, he gonna know, he gonna understand tomorrow and he gonna understand next week when we make it into the first round and we demon ain't gonna happen. You gotta play. Ask for Bravo, unc, stop lying. You're terrified for the Bronco. Denver and Miami got all the pressure on Sunday. No one wants to face the Bengals in the playoffs. Yeah, you're not gonna be in the playoffs. Yep.


Y'all not gonna be in the Playoffs. Okay. Okay. Listen, I can't convince you 'cause I'm not on the, not on the field, but I let, I let the game tomorrow. I let Carson Wince and Aaron Rodgers do the talking. Y'all bro, y'all scored 19 points. Stop each channel like y'all scored 40. Hold On, hold on. We played, we played it. A divisional opponent, a team scored 19 score is always low. Always. Thank you, thank you, thank you. No. Who they, who they Who they, They beat them. Blame typical Lee Ray.


Charles can see that this offense, Bengals are playing bad. The Bengals are playing bad offenses. Nobody watched the game and said, oh, we're scared to play the Bengals. You sound silly. They're not going to the playoffs. Stop. Thank you Tim. And not, You could tell Tim probably got one eye. I guarantee you Tim got one eye. 'cause I don't know what the hell he been looking at. What you been watching the past four, five weeks? Man, stop playing, stop playing. Angie Carr. 4,000 yards passing 900 yards rushing. 40 touchdowns, four ints. Insane stats. Lamar is him. Henry 1900 yards.


First playing history with three 15 plunder plus hundred. Rush season. Yeah. Rushing yard season 15 touchdowns. Ocho. What y'all putting the water in Florida? Sure ain't nothing but little. You know, little, little mixture. Little mixture of Kool-Aid, you know, ice cream trucks, candy lady house. You know, listen, when we drink water, we drink the water from the water holds on the side of the house. That's how it all start. Yeah. Ashley Moore, why does weapons for now for the MVP, but it didn't start Mahomes when he had, he and Kelsey. When Brady had moss, when Aaron had Adams, Monte, Montana had rife.


But we draw the line with Lamar and Henry. Listen, I I like that you just said that. What you need to understand is, is when it comes to certain individuals, they will constantly move the goalpost to support whatever narrative they wanna run with. And that is what they're gonna do. You got, you gotta understand that they will move the goalposts, which is what they're gonna do. I have a feeling I can feel it. The fact that J Tyler is still leading an M-V-B-M-V-P voting race with drag kings. I, I'm not sure what Vegas has awes at. This is what this is. This is what they do. They trying to give it to him. Matter of fact, if, if, if, if Lamar Jackson don't win MVP, we riot.


How about who we, me and you? No, I ain't, I don't care that boy. That MVP ain't put nothing in my pocket. No. Miguel Sosa greeting from Mexico Gold Falcons. Woo. Yeah, y'all about to go on vacation, Miguel, but thank you. Vivian Ecade, uncle Ocho. What do you think the reason why Mahomes was not selected to the Pro Bowl? What do you mean what you play all season? It's the third time since the pro's been selected that a quarterback that has won 14 games wasn't selected.


Each time that it happened. The quarterback that wasn't selected won the Super Bowl. Tom Brady in 2003 wasn't selected. He won the Super Bowl. Phil Sims in 1986, he won the Super Bowl and now Patrick Mahomes will see if history repeats itself. Yeah. But we know why, we know why he wasn't selected. If you watch ball play the entire of the season, outside of the past, what, maybe three or four weeks? Correct? He hasn't played well at all. They won the games they needed to win because of him playing extremely. He's played, he's played well when he had to In moments. Yeah. But overall Ba based on the Mahomes that we're used to seeing, we Oh, he wasn't there. This was a down, this was a down year for down Year. Yeah. I mean, a down year for Patrick Mahomes is 28, 29 touchdowns, 11 interceptions.


Yeah. And almost 4,000 yards. That's a down year. That's true. That just goes to show you how, how high the bar is that he set for himself. Big Mike said you think Saquon will regret not pushing harder for that record 10 years from now going to pay signing and not all the time not going, going to pay signing and not being the all time leading rusher in a single season. I think opportunities like this don't come along often. I mean, you gotta think about it, only three men have held that record since probably the sixties.


Yeah. Fifties. Jim Brown, OJ Simpson, Eric Dickerson. So you gotta go back 60 maybe He was almost 70 years. Yeah. And I think Perry, I think Joe Perry had it first, then Jim broke his record. And then obviously o OJ and then Ed. Man, you know, I don't wanna give myself hot. I don't even get upset about it. Yeah, Because they don't do at mean, look, I, I don't think, ain't nothing we can do, won't you? No. And it seems like we're we're more upset than Yeah, but he says, they said he is gonna rest.


He says he is okay with it. The bigger plan, they got a higher purpose. But I don't believe those are mutually exclusive. I don't believe because you get one, you, you lose out on the other. No, I believe you could have them both, but hey, that's not our decision. Ocho. Yeah, I think we've voiced the side that we stand on. But hey, Diane West is so up. I'm in the online store stocking on my, on my Nightcap gear. Can I make a few requests? What about socks? Underwear, lady T-shirt B cut a low cut. I want my t-shirt to match my panties when I ma when I watch the games at home. Okay. I like that.


Matter of fact, you know what I, you know what we can have, huh? Yeah. What, like for the ladies, right? For the ladies we can have Nightcap underwear, right? They can say Nightcap on the back and on the front niggas you can say Uncle Ocho. No. No, Because the old dude gonna come up to about why you got Uncle Ocho on the front of your draws. That, that's the whole point. Why did, how about we just have it on the ring? Maybe like Nightcap or on the rail? Mocho. Okay. But then we have exclusive 'cause we both have fans, right? Fans we have Nightcap on the back. Right? And then you can either buy, you could buy panties that say Ocho on the front or you could buy a panties.


Nah, I wouldn't mind to say. Oh, don't say get I. Hey, that's a good idea though. Like, we can have a, we can have lingerie. No, No. I like it. You know what we have, we, we are thinking about socks. Diane, Dany, the t-shirts. We talk to our, our designer and see how we can make that, how we can make something that's, that's, yeah, but I think they want, So you know how women be. I like that. I like that Bro. Oh man. This joke over here.


I like that the lingerie Ran and said, Hey guys, I'm 25. I have a crush on a 24-year-old coworker. No bro, don't stick your dick in your wallet. All the women out there in the world. And you can, you find one woman at work, but let finish what he said. Don't joke. I have a crush on a 24-year-old coworker. I now suspect she's flirting or being too playful with much young, with a much younger coworker of ours. I'm bothered 'cause I bought her a necklace with her name on it for Christmas. I'm hurt y'all Man. Why you leaving with money in the first place? Man? What is you doing? You don't leave with money.


You don't do that. Never do that. Ever. Go get your chain back. Like TI did Nunu go. You, I know you saw a TL go snatch your chain back the same way. TI took Nunu chain back. You don't do that. You don't leave with money, Bro. My grandfather told us something at a very young age. He said, boy, never put your dick in your wallet. Now if y'all don't understand what it's saying is that you at work, that's where you make your money. Now it's gonna go bad now when it does, then what? That's how you know.


You gotta be careful with them gym romances. Because I look at the gym as my sanctuary now. It goes sideways. Don't yo. Yeah. Which one of us, which one of us is not going back to that gym? Because I'm not finna have you up in there acting a fool all up in my face. Because the first thing, because first of all, people don't really know you. They go, oh man, I'm saw Shannon Sharpie. You was arguing with some girl. He a discussion in the corner. See bro, they don't don't know. Just be bro. I'm just saying look, it's, I don't know where you, I don't know where you work. Even if you work at Apple, Google, if you work on a campus, they got a hundred thousand people bro.


Go outside bro. Don't mess your buddy up. Yeah, don't eat with your shit. Oh lord. Greg said can you give my daughter Gia birthday? Shout out. She's 14 today. My mug and t-shirt came yesterday. Greg, absolutely. Happy birthday. Gia. Greg, thank you for watching the show. Thank you for being so supportive for put with the purchase of the, the mug and the t-shirt. Hopefully you enjoy what you ordered and it's a great quality. We know it is, but we thank you. Appreciate your support, bro. King Don said, can y'all wish my son casted? Happy third birthday casted. Happy third bro, you're too young and remember this, but one day you gonna grow up.


So you know what Uncle Ocho wish wished me a happy birthday. My dad got on and asked him to wish me a happy birthday and they did. Casting happy third birthday and many more to come. Marquez, what's up Uncle Ocho today of a special day. It's my girls Ali birthday. Can you please shout her out for the one time Love of the show. Happy New Year. Yes, sir. Allie, happy birthday. Your guy Marquez wanted to let you know how special you are and how fortunate he is to have you in his life. So happy birthday. Enjoy this day. Hopefully you guys did something very fun, very romantic, very special.


Yeah, enjoy this day and many more to come. Happy birthday to Dominique. Hey Uncle Ocho love Nightcap. Question for your, I placed an order for La Porter maybe three months ago when you did the limited edition. Never got it. I reached out to service, haven't got any help. Who do I reach out to? Shoot as an email. A DA direct message. 'cause I wanna see so we can trace, you know, we can track it because that's not like us to drop the ball and not just like totally send it out. But if you could do that, we would greatly, greatly appreciate that and we'll get it taken care of.


Ace said, you guys could wish my sister Carrie, happy early birthday from her little brother, Carrie, happy early birthday from Ace, the Nightcap crew. Ok, and Ocho and family want to wish you one. So hopefully you enjoy your birthday and do something fun. Peter. Enrique Robles Ocho. Much love my birthday is today. Would love a shout out the big two six. If you were a past gm, would you trade that? Pick or take Travis. Thank you very much. Love what pick they got. Number one. I'm trading it. I'm trading it. I get, I can get a, I can, I can get a lot.


It all depends. Now if I get t Higgins might think about keeping it. Yeah, hold on, hold on. Now it all depends. What else can I get? Now let's just say I give that pick, you give me Miles, Garrett, and your number one pick. Could that interest you? It could Because I give something to help Drake. May I get something to help my defense go along Gonzales. But you know, well that puts him right back in the same situation though.


But that, I mean Miles Gareth, I mean he wants to go to a contender. Why would you do that To him? Oh yeah, yeah, for sure, for sure. Hello Ocho, listen, I know you wanna go to Contender, but I'm gonna send your ass to whoever give me the best price because contenders, this is what we know. Ocho contenders are not gonna give you the best price.


Thank you for joining us. The Bengals keep their playoff hopes alive with a 1914 victory over the Steelers and the Baltimore Ravens. Win the division, the a FC North with a 35 10 win over Cleveland. Baltimore secures the number three seed. They will play the winner of. If San Diego wins, they go to the six spot. Yeah Lt, if the Chargers win, the charges win Ocho, they're six. No. If the charges win, they're five.


The Steelers are six. If the charges lose, the Steelers are five and the Chargers are six. So the six seed will be either the Chargers or the Steelers and they face the Ravens. The five seed will also be the Chargers or the stealing, and they'll face the Texans. So that's the only thing that we know. What we do know, somebody's going to Buffalo. Either it's gonna be Cincinnati, either it's gonna be Miami or it's gonna be the Broncos. Seven goes to two, six goes to three. Five goes to four.


One has the buy. Thank you for joining us for another edition of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharp. That guy is Liberty City's own happy. The Bengals won. Bengals Ring of Fame Honoree Pro bowler. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please hit that subscribe button. Please hit that like button and please subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from every subscriber count, we thank you for mattering.


Please check out, check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Want you to celebrate 2025. Hopefully it's off to a great start. What better way to celebrate than when the bottle of Shea by La Porter? We have it if we can. If you can't find it in state or city near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly.


Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84, with 84 being spelled out. I knew it's released, just dropped last month. T-shirts, sweats, beanies, cos and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies laugh.


Tickets for our very first Super Bowl show. It's our first tour stop spring tour. Stop. And it's gonna be in New Orleans, February the sixth. The link is pen at the top of the chat. We got great guests lined up. Make sure you be there. You're not gonna wanna miss this.


The Bengals defeat the Steelers, excuse me, 19 to 17, not 19 14, 19 17. Keep their playoff hopes alive. Hopefully they're hoping the Bengals lose and the dolphins lose or tie. If that's two scenarios happen. The Bengals are the seven seed and they'll go on the road to face the Buffalo bills. The Baltimore Ravens, 1 35, 10 Lamar Jackson, 217 yards, two passing touchdowns. Derek Henry, 138 Russian yards, two Russian touchdowns. He became set a record for the most rushed touchdowns in Raven's history. Also, he became the first player in NFL history to have two seasons in which you've rushed for over 1900 yards in a single season.


He's also the first back to have, what, four seasons in which you've for at least 400 1500 yards and had at least 15 touchdowns. Is it it Three or four? Or three or four? Where Derrick Henry had a, he was everything that the Ravens had hoped for when they, when they brought him in. He has three seasons. Derrick Henry has three seasons in which he's worked for at least 1500 yards and had at least 15 rush touchdowns.


Baltimore brought Derrick Henry in and believed that he was everything they could hope for. The Dallas Cowboys had no interest in Derrick Henry because they would believe he could offer them nothing. He added no value to their team. Ah, oh, one team is going to the playoffs. The other team is going home. Thank you guys for joining us. We'll see you tomorrow night after Sunday night football game. I'm old and that's the, the Lions and the Packers. So we'll see you tomorrow. Lions, I, I mean Lions and Vikings. Excuse me, lions and Vikings. We'll see you after the Lions Vikings game. I'm he's Ocho. See you tomorrow night. Thanks for joining us. The Volume.