
It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore. Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I am Camil Ramon at am Ortiz. And our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide. And we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukkar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, Founding Partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. Would Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core? There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume,


The Nicks escaped with a 94 93 victory and the three one leading the best of seven. The first round series against the pistons. The ref screwed the pistons out of game-winning free throws. Official acknowledged after the game that one huge was missed. Today on the final play with the next leading by one, Tim Hardaway Jr. Drew contact from Josh Hart as Hardaway went up for the potential game-winning shot with 0.03 seconds, three point attempt misfired. Even Josh, hard admit, he made contact Jalen Bronson, 32 points, 11 assist Kat, 27 points, nine rebounds, outscored the Pistons. Those 2 23, 22 in the fourth quarter. And they combined for the next final seven buckets.


I don't know. The official was standing right there. Gp Not only did he get it with his body, he got him on his arm. Yeah, both. See, see Shannon and Chad, I hate this because you can't call that we, we we. No, no, no. You got no call it after the game. Call the game. I hate when they go and they look at it and they say, we made a mistake. Why calling me now? Right. I lost the game. You should have, you shoulda have played that report. And that's why I hate this replay crap and all that man. And these challenges because y'all understand y'all missed a play and you missed a call. So don't tip after the game over 'cause you lost the game for me. If you make this call, I go and make two free throws and win the game game.


You feel me? That's why I don't like this basketball man. Y'all gotta make the, the NBA has to get better on these games, man. They got to, they gotta give these coaches and everybody more challenges. You gotta get more challenges because you're losing games and you're gonna tell me now I'm sorry you sorry, what? I'm down three one dude, I'm sorry. Why you talking about And it's supposed to be two two and it be two two and this a change The whole the the, the mans of this whole game and all everything. So now you talking about, now I gotta go home and say, oh, I'm sorry and then you gonna admit to me after the game, they have to change this thing.


They gotta change this game man. And they say, man, when you want to challenge, challenge it. You feel me? And that's just the way it gotta be. And you didn't tell me I missed it. Ah man. Now what I'm supposed to do is say, okay, I'm sorry. Okay, you cool? Okay man, you missed it. No, yeah, you crazy. You lost me the game. And that's what it is. So they gotta be more consistent. They gotta be more there. And the NBA gotta figure it out man. You cannot keep missing calls and letting these referees dictate these games because these young fellas is playing hard and that Detroit team didn't deserve that.


They didn't deserve it. Right. Kat, man Kat down the stretch, that shot that Kat hit the, from the baseline falling outta bound gp. That might have been Kat's best shot. Unreal his career. Unreal. It reminds you of Kawhi Leonard at at Toronto make that big in to win the basketball game. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He made a hell of a shot man. And it, it is what he is. These type of players swift it, these type of players who make shots like that and, and, and ready for it. It is what it is, man. But I just say I hate losing a game on a call from a referee like that.


Yeah. I just, I just don't like that. I don't like that. Let clear. I don't, I don't either. Don't tell me about it. Hey, let let everybody let, let social media, let everybody say they missed that call. But don't you come out with that report. Hey, that wasn't even too real important. That was the pool reporter like, yeah, we missed it, man, I hate that. See? And then you come back after the game and say, I missed it, man. You go, you gonna make me mad, more mad. You know what I'm saying? You make me more mad. You know what I'm saying? I, I'm mad 'cause I lost, but I know I got fired and then you going tell me I missed Come on, come on. Yeah. Yeah. It it reminds me of that that perfect game that Jim Joyce blew. Andres Galaga had a perfect game. He beat the guy to the bag.


Ocho. Yeah. Jim Joyce called him safe, had him out and, and I mean perfect game and I wasn't able to sing. He cried every time he hey and he was like, Hey, I coach this kid a perfect game, sir. Yeah. Yes sir. And he did same thing in 85 World Series St. Louis Cardinals. I think Donnie Durkin was the, the official, he blew the call Roy go scoring and win the World Series. I mean, You know, you, you you hate things like that and you're like, well Shannon, they are human and they are. They they are. But boy as the team that's only a losing side of that madda that I ain't trying to hear that.


I, I don't, I ain't, I ain't trying to hear none of that. But you gotta give it. Look, Jalen Brunson was clutch performer of the year. You see why, you see why he deserved that award, Kat, this is what I'm talking about. We get frustrated with Kat because we see a guy seven foot tall with so much, excuse me, with so much ability and sometimes he settled gp, he wants to hang around the three cat, get your seven foot big butt down on that block. Yeah. And close up and shoot that turnaround or put, put the ball on the floor 'cause you have that accountability and finish at the realm. And I, and, and, and see Chad is just, that's why I was so biased man, because I I I, my arrow was, we, our weapon was a big man.


Put your big butt down there and make them dude span you man. You feel ain't, if they kick it, we do what we want to and look how effective he is when he down there stop being a stretch and shooting all these threes. Man, I hate this game. 'cause when you running three on one and everybody run to the, the, the the three point run to the three point line aint miss it. Well we can make a difference if we get a bucket and put pressure on these dudes man. And that's what I like about him. He's starting to now say, forget it. Let me go get a bucket and put pressure on these dudes and make them be accountable and say Yo, you going to come down here and score again.


'cause if you don't, I'm gonna go back down there and score a bucket and get me two. It don't matter. It ain't number 1.2 or three. Right. Get it, go get it. Because if I go down the floor five times and I score two buckets and they shoot five threes and miss what? Amma 10 nothing. It's gonna be hard for you to come back. And I playing D so that's what I don't, but they don't play D no more. They don't play D no more GB and Shannon. That's why I don't like going to these games. But I hate that man because I be like, nigga, I'm gonna get a steal. I'm gonna play d I'm gonna do this. And it's crazy to me that y'all don't wanna play defense.


It's crazy. Nah, there ain't no, ain't nobody, I mean back then you had guys known for defense. Now everybody tried to put it in the bucket. Everybody tried to get max contract by scoring a bunch of points. And I get it. I ain't mad at 'em because I see what these salaries at GP guys making. 40, 50, 60 joke about to sign a contract three years, 218, two 19,000,022. You gonna get 2 22. 2 22. Okay. 70 million. 70 million a year. Well you, you looking Butler, he just got two year deal. 22 for one 20. That's six $16 a year. So You know, I get it. We set the foundation for them to get all this bread.


It is what it is. We think about it be like, mama, why you didn't have me laid off? You know I'm saying I that all the time, but it's good for it man. But I'm just saying I, I see dudes making 18, $19 million and only average six points or four points a game and they ain't never made a Ali all star or nothing. You know what I'm saying? But we, we in that era, we in that era. But go and do something when you get in the, in the game. Show me that you can play, You know what I'm saying? Don't just get this money man, just show me you play. Gimme something that you that you showing me you can play. You know what I'm saying? Don't just be like, oh I make this money and it's good. Show me that you can play some time. Yeah.


The Boston Celtics go up three one with a 1 0 7 98 victory over the Orlando magic. Jason Tatum was sensational. 37 points, 14 rebounds, three assists, three steals. Jalen Brown chipped in with 21 points, 11 rebounds. Derrick White had 18 and seven and seven. Chris staff Binga had 19 points, five rebounds played, played really well. Ben Carroll had 31. Franz Wagner had 24. Corey Joseph had 12. But it wasn't nearly enough. It was too much jt it was too much jb And like you said, the others, when you get a Pingus giving you 19, when you get a Derrick White giving you 18, your big guns go off and then you get your role players doing what exactly what they're supposed to do.


Yeah. It makes it very, very difficult for you to beat this team. And JT had it going tonight, perfect. From the free throw line. JB was nine or 10 from the free throw line. Now Tatum wasn't the most efficient. He's only 10 or 25. Yeah. But he was putting pressure on him by getting to the free throw line. They was 30 or 32 from the free throw line. Orlando was 14 to 20 ocho. Yeah. When you watch the, you watch the Celtics and the golden game they lost I think is the game that JT didn't play. Didn't play. Yeah. You know, that he hurt his wrist. I think at the first game he didn't play and he didn't play. But if you look at them now, they seem to have it rolling. You think the Celtics can come outta the east?


I mean obviously, You know they can, I mean the, the Celtics are one of the fortunate teams outside, outside of the cast. Oh, they gonna come out of the east, lemme phrase it. They, they, hey they, they're absolutely coming out the east and I said if it wasn't them, it was gonna be my heat. But we, we know how that went. But the bench, we already knew what they could do. We, we already knew a white Tatum and Ingas. It's the bench, the contribution that they're getting from the bench that's helping 'em also along the way. So I mean it's it's, it's almost unfair in a sense because I see, I see not only 'em coming out the east the east, I see them winning again because the, because of the depth, because of what they have. And I it is, it is almost unfair to a sense, which is why yesterday when we had Antwan on the show and we talk about they have new ownership in Boston, but why would you wanna break up something like that and You know you're gonna win consistently year in year out because I I, I still wanna make, yeah, I wanna win championships and bank money.


You, I mean think about it, you got two guys that's making 300 million. You got another two guys that make over a hundred million and you got another guy that's making 40 million. That's a lot of money. Ocho even for a championship O Joe that, that's almost a billion dollars. So, so so what you're doing is Ocho that team Boston is, is very, very talented. If Pravin is, and all of them in white in the end they didn't even have holiday. They didn't have holiday. So they're very talented. Even they got the kid off the bench coming Peyton, who was pretty good, Peyton pretty nice, You know what I'm saying? So they're very, very talented. You know what I'm saying? So if they can stay together and that's what you want, that's what we talked about.


You have to have the role players that can do it. Right. With Brown and Taylor. If they play well and then you get some support, it's gonna be good. I think Cleveland can match them. I really do. I think Cleveland can match them. They went two Yeah. With each other. And if Cleveland plays the way they supposed to play and they get it from Mobley and all them guys and then Gar comes Inlet and Mitchell the Backward and everybody, Mitchell gonna be him. If they play and match 'em, they got enough talent right. To match with them. You know what I'm saying? So Yeah. But then when you come, if they, even if they make it out of the east, this year's not gonna be east, You know, not playing Dallas, you playing a, a full strong team from the wets like on day theme, even a clipper team would match up with them really well.


You know what I'm saying? Got team can match up with them as talent wise but to give them something Dallas didn't had nothing for him last year. Nah, nah, nah. Dallas just surprised he got into that because of what everybody got hurt, You know what I'm saying? In the West and all the top teams got hurt. Even Denver will match up with them very well, You know, with Joker and all of them. So it'll be a good, it'll be a better challenge this year. But I think Boston and, and Cleveland is gonna make it hard. Nobody else can compete with them in the east. It's gonna be balling. Nah, Boston or Cleveland and then in the west is wide open.


Whoever playing well in in the west gonna wink it. You know what I'm saying? It's a lot of good teams in the West coast that's really, really good. You know what I'm saying? So it'll be an interesting, but I wouldn't break up my Boston team. I I guarantee that. See, I don't care. I'll run it out. I, I'll be like Bill Russell and all they cozy man, I'm a witch. I don't, I don't give a shit. I'm gonna put, I'm gonna put a billion and a half shit win. Hey, but back then that only was paying Bill Russell about his pocket.


He, he just been fixed. Do You know what's, what's his name? What was, what was the coach aback a redback? Redback was doing his thing. He was running everything. He didn't care about none of that. And they was playing, they was playing for Penny. They was on 10 for like Yeah. 15,000. 50,000. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So you, you had that and they was winning championships so you gotta stay that way and sell courts. You know what? And then yeah, both just got sold for 6.2 billion. Exactly. So I ain't try, I ain't tried to buy, I ain't spend 6 billion and then he put got another billion damn near south in contract.


Yeah, you got a billion since 6 billion. So that owner coming up in there with a $7 billion debt already get understanding so they got money, You know what I'm saying? So they gonna keep it apart man. I think they, they not gonna break that up because they gotta get through. Especially if they went two and rope, they ain't breaking that up. Right. They just gonna add pieces and get better with 37 points in this game. Jason Tatum ties Charles Barkley and Tim Duncan with 11 career 35 point playoff games. Ja Morant says he had, he had Thunder figured out and Memphis would've tied the series if he didn't get hurt.


You remember two couple of years ago he said he was fine in the west. They haven't won another, they haven't won a series since he said that. Now do I believe they would've, they would've won that game that he got hurt. They were up 27 playing. Well they would've win that game. They, yeah, but I don't believe they win in the series. They're not gonna win the series against I against that Talented, okay ct. I, I I don't care. And and Tina too Talent, they was too, they too talented. They got, and we look at it, you guys, they got 10, 11 guys that's Yeah. Canada come off there and get it, You know what I'm saying? And Memphis don't have that type of type A team?


No, they don't have that type of team. I get it. Moran before he did all the things that he did and got in trouble was probably the best basketball player in the NBA and it. Wow. But they gotta get somebody that's going to help him more than Jackson and bang, You know what I'm saying, to compete with these dudes in the west. I get it. I like Morant's mentality. You should say that. You should say if I'm on the floor I'm gonna weak. But they wasn't equal to this OKC team. They didn't lose both games for nothing. You know what I'm saying? You didn't lose a game, but you gotta understand playing to you feel what I'm saying?


So I don't believe in that. I I just think they wasn't as talented as OKC. They wasn't as Nah, nah, not at all. I mean, listen, I and I listen UNC and and g I'm just trying to throw little nuggets out there. You know y'all really not listening to me. I'm not saying I'm not woes, I'm not shams. But what I told y'all early in the show when it does happen, I just want y'all to be like, You know what, Ocho or you was right, you was right. Go back to Miami. Yeah, you coming to Miami and Giannis coming to Miami too. I'm telling you, I sat down and I talked with these folk, You know they confide in me when it comes to situations like this even though I didn't play, You know, at an NBA level.


But they understand. I know the game and I know the players and they know I can take care of people when they come to Miami and make sure I keep them aligned and focused on what they need to do when they here. Chad, I'm with you baby. I'm with you man. Alright. If you get them two I I I'm gonna, You know I'm gonna come to Miami and come on and holler at you a lot of times man. If you get two of them with man, you gonna be something else. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. You'll see, you'll see. I listen, I lie for you before I lie to you, man. Yes sir. Sir. Jalen Green spoke about the exchange between him and Draymond at the end of the game. When Draymond told Jalen Green go paint your nails.


Jalen said just talking. He can't really do much anything else. Mm. So talking is his only way G Hey, hey GP did y'all hey did hi. Because now Guy, I mean now they throw a tech on you. You guys used to be at all of each other face spit ply everywhere. Now you say one thing. Oh yeah, you look at the guy funny Pat, this, this is, this is we basketball man. Let these dudes play man. Let him talk crazy man. I'm with it. I I was right there when I seen all of that and all that. Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-I mean, these dudes ain't talking Really Don't tell y'all Shannon, the Chad get outside man.


Go outside to the restaurant and see them one-on-one. That ain't that, that, that, that get outta here man. That ain't happening. You know what I'm saying? Y'all can talk all that man and be whatever, just, just prove it on the basketball court to me. Put it on the floor. You, you want. Don't get mad at what somebody else say, You know what I'm saying? Who cares? Stop him from doing it and he won't say it. No, that's what I did. That's why I talk crack trash. Yeah, I can bag it up. If you say something to me, I'm gonna give you a 40, You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna give you a 40, 10, 8, whatever. And then I'm gonna be like, yeah, we won. What's happening? Stop all that w man because ain't none of 'em tough like that.


Them dude ain't no gangsters man. Ain't nobody shot no pistols and did all that in their life. Man. Them dudes ain't even on that. You know what I'm saying? Stop being like you, you, you billy bad you ain't Billy bad man. Because if we get you one-on-one somewhere, man, we knuckle up. Them dudes ain't gonna be like that ain't gonna be like that man. So man, just go on and prove it on the flow man. And go about your business. You know what I'm saying? It is what it is, You know, and I, it it was legit. You know like if somebody say man, that I was with your wife last night. Yeah, I was with yours last night too. That's why I wasn't home. You feel what I'm saying? I ain't tripping. Yeah, you was with her gone be with her.


You feel what I'm saying? Because I was with court last night too. You know why you was thinking about me. You feel what I'm saying? So I'm with it man. I ain't on that man. All that woo woo woo. He, he say he went to end. Yeah I man, I ain't with that woo woo, woo man go on ahead and prove it on the basketball court man. And that's what I'm talking about. Prove it to, prove it tomorrow. Think you mad. Yeah, go get it. Go get it. You feel me? So that's all I gotta say about that. Go get it.


Hey friend, I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better women. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


This is Courtside with Laura Corti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's Sports Courtside with lawyer Correia and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to wear media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports. Collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warriors dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. This is Dove dynasty. The Dubs dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


The prank, the culvert behind the prank called to Shado Sander has been revealed as Jack o brick son of Falcons DC Uhoh. First the Falcons put out a statement this morning saying earlier in the week, Jack o Brick, the 21-year-old son of defensive coordinator, Jeff oic unintentionally came across the draft contact phone number for Shado Sanders off an output iPad while visiting his parents' home and wrote the number down and later conducted and later conduct a prank call. Jeff Obert was unaware of the data exposure and any facet of the prank and was made aware of the above only after the fact Atlanta Falcons do not condone this behavior and send our sincere apologies to Shadu Sanders and his family who we've been in contact with to apologize to as well as facilitate an apology directly from Jack to the Sanders family.


We have also been in contact with the NFL and will continue to cooperate fully with any inquiries we may receive from the NFL League office. We are thoroughly reviewing all protocols and updating if necessary to help prevent an incident like this from happening again. Falcon Falcons Jack posted an apology on Friday night. I made a tremendous mistake, SHA do. What I did was completely inexcusable, embarrassing and shameful. I'm so sorry I took away from your moment. It was selfish and childish. I could never imagine getting ready to celebrate one of the greatest moments of your life. And I made a terrible mistake and I messed with that moment. Thank you for accepting my call earlier today. I hope you can find it in your heart.


Should forgive me at Shado Sanders. Ocho Is this po is this apology enough or should the Falcons punish? Well, I don't know who, I don't know how they can punish the son. They might punish death. Yeah, I mean if they get Dr the draft picks or if you were to punish the falcons, how do you punish 'em And should, should they be punished first? And if you are going to punish them, what should the punishment be? I mean, listen, I I say if you're gonna, if you're gonna punish 'em to some extent, I, I I would say it would've to come from the dad. Obviously it was a son, it was a son that made the call. Obviously dad, I'm not sure how the son got the number. Who knows? But the punishment should come, should come from the dad.


Maybe, maybe a fine of some sort. I think draft picks could be a little, a little bit too much because the team itself as a whole shouldn't have to have to suffer for what the son decided to do. Okay. Outside of that, the apology, I mean, at at that, at that, at that moment, at that point it seems sincere. It, it, it seems sincere. Especially being that it was written from someone else and it's it's, it no, it's it's a bunch of, You know what did he really mean it? No, the fact that he got caught is the only reason he's apologizing, bro. So reason he apologizing bro, how you Oh Joe, you can't and you let 'em record you. Huh? They not sorry. They know what they were doing. They young. It was a, it was a prank. We are in the era of pranks and like you say, everybody, everybody, they playing too.


They're playing too much O Joe. They play too much. Listen, they, they thought it was a funny moment. They thought it was a funny moment when it really wasn't. It really wasn't. Before you go kp, other players also reportedly prank had prank calls. Tyler Warren had a prank call. There were several, several other players. And you see that, like you said, oh Joe win that era. Everything is about a prank. Everybody wanna do pull something a viral moment or touch somebody wanna do something, dump something on their head. Everybody like GP like you've been saying the whole night. Everybody don't play how you play. Yeah. Now when somebody fire you up, then well he ain't have to do that. When you didn't have to do that, leave people alone. No. Yeah. Especially people you don't have a relationship with.


You going out there, some in some mall, you walking down the street, you don't know that people from person, from a hill of beans, Uhuh. And that's why this social media has messed us up about life and everything about this crazy stuff. That little kid knew what he was doing because he went in his daddy's phone and got that phone number. He did that on purpose. So I, I hate saying punish your dad because your dad is trusting in you as my son and I'm trusting you that you won't go do stuff. That's just like almost stealing though. Y'all That's almost like stealing. Yeah. It's almost like you stealing from your peoples and your dad has to take the blame for what you have done because I can't punish you 'cause you not in Atlantic Atlanta Falcons organization.


So I had to punish your daddy because of the situation. Because it hurts that person who you did it to. And these young kids today. And I tell you, this generation is different. These kids are different. They think that's funny and they think that's something to do. And somebody else expense. Somebody expense. They think this is funny. And then when you get caught, like Chad said, and boy ain't sorry because he, if he was sorry, he would've said he did it from day one and he would've been like that. I did it. But he got caught. And when he got called he had to say the right thing to make his daddy be okay and look, look a little bit better.


Yeah. For the well, and you look at it. Here's the thing, don't O ocho. Yeah Ur Sanders number phone number was the only one in there, but he was the one that was having a precipitous fall. So now which prank is gonna generate the most buzz? You know what Shado is on eggshells. He's on pins and needle waiting to have an NFL team call to say, Hey, we're gonna select you in the fourth round. We're gonna select you in the fifth round. So check this out. He got the number from an iPad that he shouldn't have been using. He waited days 'cause because it, it ain't just happened. And then he made the prank call. He filmed himself. Yeah. While making the prank calls. Waited days to make the apology.


He wanted a viral moment. Everything, everything ain't meant to be. Everything ain't mentioned like in this day and age. Ocho. Yeah. Everything is about cliques like mentioned in a viral moment. That's what it's all about man. That's why listen, that's why I like my era. We didn't have all that crap mean no men didn't play like that. He didn't get out. See I tell joke all the time. I say I came up, I don't remember men playing no practical jokes on nobody. Like, boy you ain you better scrap it up. You can't do that because next time we see you, we gonna knock you out. You feel what I'm saying? It ain't gonna be about man, okay man, I'm gonna take this, this court date man. No man, I'm gonna knock you smooth out because we ain't talking about all that because you, you messing with my livelihood about all this.


Yeah. This social media, all that crap, man. We ain't doing that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm glad I didn't come up in that area. I'm glad, I'm glad Now look, I would've loved to made the money that these cats make. Yeah. But but but GP I wouldn't wanna be in this era. It's too much. I I wouldn't wanna be in the social media era. I I wouldn't. Damn. I'm gonna tell y'all I don't wanna be in the social media era 'cause I shoot, I would've been divorced way earlier than what I did. All I all bad man. I would've been mad. I would've been viral all the time. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Man, every day you walk out man, you going so like man, there's a camera man. All man is looking at man, man, I ain't on that man.


What are, what is a like to me? I don't care about no lights man. I'm already popular. You know what I'm saying? I don't have you gimme a million lights, a million people already looking at me. So what I don't care about all that man. You messing up my life man. And I'm not dealing with that though. It's crazy to me that you can sit on the phone and watch people do what they do and they silly you that so me and I ain't, I ain't surprised that boy got in that I iPad and then filmed himself doing it. How stupid is that?


How you think that? Or we ain't gonna figure that out. Yeah. How you Think you ain't gonna get that? That's how dudes get caught. Killing people, burning people. Whatever they doing, they man, they go back to y'all phone doing foolishness, go back, back to your phone and you got the pistol showing it and doing this and that and that. That's how they kept you. It it just silly. So that's why I tell a lot of kids that I talk to now and social media kill y'all man. It's, it's hurting y'all since it's hurting y'all life man. Because all y'all think about is like, and who going like you on there? That's how people get robbed and do stuff.


You be up the thing. Yeah, talk about I'm here, I'm there and then all of a sudden they look in the back. Oh man he got Centennial Park. Lemme ride up on him right now. Lemme ride up on that. That's crazy to me man, that you do that. That's just silly. That's just silly stuff to me. Dang Ur Pen, his first both on NFLX and I g accounts. If you go to both at NFL and Brown's official websites click shop. Who's the first Cleveland brown jersey you can pre-order shado. Many NFL fans on TikTok have pledged to purchase Shado jersey and merchandise exclusively from his official website rather than from the NFL shop to support him after being drafted in the fifth round.


They believe the league Blackball, Shado, Shado could potentially make millions of dollars from this trend. And you'll probably see other players, You know, ocho, you got a Yeah, if you do what You know Ocho Yeah. You had your little count, you had the OCHO gear going and that's and that's good. And, and and, and look at your guys. Look, look, both of y'all, y'all is daddy, daddy gonna make that up. You know I'm saying because Dion did did that man. And that's what they gonna do. They gonna just show up everybody what they did to him. You know, y'all know that boy shouldn't have got drafted in no fifth round. Shouldn't have been. You know what it was you go from projected to be number 9, 1 44.


That's crazy. Yeah. And then the teams that was supposed to draft you pass you and then the team who drafted, he had it at the 33rd P in the second round and they didn't Think, you see it's, it's gotta be a black ball thing. We ain't gonna never know why what happened. No. Or why it happened. What it happened. But to me, yeah, I just tell my little young, young nephew, man, go out there and kill and win a job. Yeah. Yep. Get down with him man. Be one of them special ones like Marino, like Brett F Man really do that man. They got dropped like that and then become a hall of Famer and become one of them dudes.


That's all you gotta do. Yeah man. So forget it and then make your bread man the way you is because he popular man. This social media got him popular. He gonna be popular no matter what. He gonna be popular. Yeah. So just do it. It is, I I think, I think it's a blessing in disguise obviously going in the fifth round and the pick he went is not the blessing I'm talking about. I'm just saying the situation he's going to Flacco is is just there on the one year deal. Deshaun Watson's not gonna be able to play this year. So I'm assuming, the way I'm thinking and thinking it's going to play out, I think he will be able to be beat out Kenny Pickett and Dylan Gabriel and I think he's gonna get his shot. He gonna get his shot to play. I'm not sure if it's this year, may, maybe it's next year, but that's somebody, he gonna get his shot and I think it's gonna be magical for him and seeing it as a blessing in disguise and finally being, if I though Joe, You know why?


Because look how much pressure they put on bro. James bro. Bro James, you you'd have thought bro James was the first pick in the draft. Right. The way they talk about him talking about oh he this he this he was the, he was the 55th pick they got but five picks left gp. Yeah. They make it seem like they took the man, but because of that last name, you gotta understand if his name was Shado Jones, maybe you are right. Right. But we know who his dad is. Right. And we know what that dad, the aura around his dad, I can't agree with you. I gotta agree with, with with Chad on this one because that's a little bit of different talent. My, my little nephew Ronnie wasn't really, really ready for that, that situation for that that athletic ability of ability.


Right. He had to grow into that. Right. He forgot he missed a whole college. Oh yeah, yeah. With the heart, the hard thing, You know what happened or whatever. But Shakur is ready. He, he got the talent to do that right now. And if you think that Brody right now, Ronnie killing the G league, he had to get himself into that situation to do it right. Right. Ronnie gonna be good in two, three years. I think Shado no is gonna be ready now. He, but see what I'm I was saying because of the name. Yeah. What I was just saying because of the name and the expectations, even though he's a fifth round pick and Ocho, You know, we don't have no expectations for no fifth round pick.


Yeah. Right. Right. But I I'm But you do because your last name, name, name Sandy. Yeah. Just like we got expectations now for the 50 Fig Pick. It's just like Yoic, when Yoki got drafted, ain't no if they're lying, if they told they, well I knew Yoki was going to be this if you knew he was going to be this, you took it with the number one on wrong pick. Right. So you a D Lie said you knew Nicole Yoki was gonna turn out to be what he was going be because he was a second round pick. I think he was like 40 something. It's the same thing. You, so you put pressure, you say Shado Shado or Shado, he's a fifth round pick. You are gonna bypass that and say, well look at his last name. I thought y'all said he was all dead. Yeah, Ron going fifth. Fifth.


Oh if he all that he should be able to do like his dad. I'm, I'm, we don't have all them picks now. We, we went back to our fourth, fourth round five, round two like the NFL, then he got picked like that then it's a little different. He only got six picks. So he pick because simple fact is, is the Lakers had that pick and it wasn't for LeBron being on the Lakers and they make him that pick, he probably wouldn't have got drafted, which would've been no problem. Right. You know what I'm saying? But we only got two rats, You know what I'm saying? They got it. Half the two it half the cigarette. GP make it. See what I'm saying? So it, it's a little different of what we're saying.


You know what I'm saying? We don't know if he would've got drafted if the Lakers didn't have that thick fifth pick. You know what I'm saying? Right. But they did picky, which was a blessing because is talent. Right. He is very, very talented and you gotta give him a chance. Football players got seven rounds. They gotta, they gonna do that. They don't do that. So we gra we happy that they do got these type of rounds, but if basketball would've had five or six, seven rounds and he got drafted in the fifth or six rounds, we wouldn't been expecting to be nothing. What you said, Shannon, he might not even make a team. But here's the thing, gp, once you start getting ocho you could, you don't know anything about this because you're a second rounder.


You start getting fifth, sixth, fifth and sixth, seventh round. Yeah. You can't buy it. We need, Hey Ocho, wait, we can't, hey we need people. Hey we just need to look to fill the raw style. Yeah. It ain't no guarantee when you start getting the play round nfl, y'all know y'all first three rounds is almost like first round picks with us. Yeah. Basically. Yeah. You want in the NFL the first three rounds, you, you, you start, you start in the, you feel what I'm saying? You basically gonna start in the field. If you get paid, you pick in the first three rounds, You know what I'm saying? In basketball, if you pick 50, 50, 60, you G league 10 day contract or whatever, you going G League two two you two way, man we gonna give you a deal.


Yeah. And, and you gotta look at, bro, he got a heck of a deal. He got, he he, oh he got a money guarantee. But he's not the first but he is not the first second round to get money. Guarantee no G No, no, they're right because people believe in other things. But then you think about it like this, Shannon, what if I don't pick you and then pick you up in a free eight and then she'll give you some guaranteed money. That's all. No, I want the guaranteed money right here. You weren't go pick me up and gimme that kind of guaranteed money. So I go take this right here. Hey, hey, hey. I take you, you you heard me? Yeah. What you saying? What y'all, you not, I don't Think you seeing it from, you're not seeing it from the same lens. I'm seeing it at I'm I'm looking at go ahead. At the situation in its totality.


Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. You went fifth round. Now I, I look at it, I look at the landscape of what they got. They got Flaco f Flaco not gonna be that long. Deshaun Deshaun is hurt. He's coming off of Achilles injury. I, I see. I think no disrespect to Kenny Pickett, no disrespect to Dylan and Gabriel. I see him beating him out. So I see Shado as the number two quarterback with a Flaco playing. Now depending on how Flaco plays throughout the entirety of the season, there's a chance that Shado, he goes to the ham. I say it's a blessing in disguise. So what happens, we think of, we look at the quarterback, the quarterback car said little quarterbacks that the Browns have had throughout the entirety of their franchise. 40 of them. The last decent quarterback there, four of them, Jay. A lot, a lot of them. The, the, the last, the last good one that was consistent was Bernie Kza.


Yes. So I'm looking, I'm looking long term and before that it was Otto Graham. Yeah. Hey, I'm looking long term this might be a blessing in disguise. Yeah, for sure. Despite, so I'm just looking at it like that and knowing him and knowing the competitor that Ur is understanding the background and what he's come from, he's able to deal with this adversity. And again, hurdle this off as well. Shut up in this situation. Listen this situation for him, Hey GP delayed, not denied. Yeah. Chad, I'm on your side. I think Shado is going to be their quarterback for the next six, seven years and he gonna be good. Yeah. And I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say decade.


Decade. I say 10 too because I think he going go in there and show up. You go in there and show up and I think he got a chip on his shoulder now that him and his daddy done talked about it. Go in there and get down with what you gonna get out. Yeah. And I, I'm guaranteed he gonna go in there and I, I don't even care about Flaco black. OI man, if you fool around and be moving and doing what you do, man to pass that thing, get first down or whatever. Them cleaning the browns ain't been nothing in a long time. Anyway. If you can get some, some people in them stands and getting people a hype. Shannon, you just said it, his jersey is the number one in Cleveland right now, man.


What? What y'all think? Yeah. What y'all think man, that, that, that's gonna happen. I think he gonna show out and that's what he should do. He should go in there and show out. Show out. Yep. Yeah. And it is, oh Joe. Yeah. Abdul Carter responded to us on Twitter this afternoon. I wore number 11. I have big shoes. I've filled big shoes before. If You know football, You know who also wore the stick. Yeah. Which means 11. Yeah. It's not about the number, it's about the player. Mm. The number, just the legacy. It's Iconic. Something cool. Look at the legacy of the stick. I came to Penn State and not only lived up to that number, but I made it even more legendary.


That's how I see it. I shot, if he says no cool. You miss a hundred percent of the shots you don't take. Yes sir. That, but I spoke to LT on the phone yesterday. She'll do, don't speak it with the a goat and no for certain 56 or not. I'll build my own legacy. I don't, I'll lie. I think he said, I think he said praise to God or something like that. Right. Abdul, we said that. I mean I we when we had you on the couch, we appreciate it. Again, I don't thank OCHO and I and Nightcap the family. Thank you enough for coming by. Yes sir. I appreciate Hey Bailey. Thank you Drew. We appreciate that. 'cause I, Bailey, I played with Bailey. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For two years at at BBO and Drew Rosen house, probably his first start, he was down at the blue at the east blue gray game in Montgomery, Alabama OCHO in 1989.


So Oh yeah. So it goes back. So Abdul, I wanna thank you for coming on Ocho, I wanna thank you. Thank you Drew Rosen house and, and Bailey Robert Bailey for making that happen. Yes. We highlighted that number was made famous by LaVar Arrington. That man was then followed by Michael Parson. And then you took it as great as those fans were wearing that number 11 at Penn State. Yes, sir. I, you can't even off fathom because lemme tell you what happened. Every outside linebacker you see is because of lt, the Von Millers, the TJ Watts, the Derrick Thomases, the Cornelius Bennetts, all these De Leonard Flores, you name an outside edge rusher.


He's the only player in NFL history to make two positions famous. He made the left tackle famous tackle. Yeah. He made the left outside linebacker famous two. When you talk about, when we talk about who's the greatest quarterback, you get some debates, some people say Peyton, some people say Montana. Some people say Brady. Yeah. Not gonna fight you. That's not what we're here to do today. If we say who's the greatest wide receiver, you get, some people say Jerry, some people say Randy Moss. Some people say Teo. And we say, who's the best running back. Some people say Jim Brown. Some people say Walter Peyton, Barry Sanders Smith and Smith. Barry Sanders. Sanders. Yeah. When you say who is the greatest defensive NFL player ever, there's one name that comes outta everybody mouth first.


Lt. And he go, he, he goes by initials. They don't call him Lawrence, they call him Mel Keith. That's all we're saying. So I get the sticks. But five, six in that area in, in New York, he was different. And that's my, and that's og, that's old G. Every time I see him, I'm with him. That I just saw him a couple of weeks ago, had the autograph signed. I be seeing him on time now, You know, and I, that's my dude man. That was the greatest defensive player ever in the FL And there's been some great ones. And I'm fortunate enough to play in the era I played in the era with Reggie at his prime.


Bruce Smith at his prime. Yeah. Ray Lewis at his prime Dion. Coach Prime At his prime. I I mean, I'm talking about guys that wasn't defensive player to your multiples. He's, it, it's different. He made two positions. Famous. Famous. Yeah. I think, I think it's different. I, I think it's different. But this is what I do like, about Abdul, the confidence I feel, the belief I feel I can wear that 56 and do it justice despite a LT being the greatest defensive player of all time. That's what makes Abdul who he is right now. That's why he was drafted. We was drafted when he wore sticks, when he was at Penn State.


The belief, the confidence on not only that in between them lines, the skillset to be able to pull it off. So the, the mere fact that he's coming in with that kind of, that kind of cashier and attitude, I feel like I could wear that 56 in New York and do right by it. I don't it. That's how I feel about myself and my skillset. I don't even want it. As a matter of fact, I ain't even gonna get a 50 number because they might say I'm I'm close to 56. I might be close to, I don't want it. I'm get me a, I'm gonna get me a I'm, I'll go back and get that letter and I go back, get a, a single dig number. People. That's what I, what do what was trying to say, man, look here man, I don't even want that number man. I don't even wanna live up none of that, man. Let go own number, man. Get hey, yeah man, you can't do that.


You can't do it on legendary number, man. Don't even mess with that. Don't even be talking about all that man to put yourself in that situation, man. Let's go to one 11. Do what you did and get down. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. And get down. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. If you hear the story about Lt, LT LT late for the plane, LT gets out the car, throws his keys to the valet, say, I'll be back here Sunday, pick me up. And the guy brings him up on Sunday.


Hey friend, I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out, then I discovered better women. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


This is Courtside with Laura Corti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of Women's Sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way and curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the Biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. This is Dubb Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


A LT. He driving to New York ocho, he driving? Yeah, he like, damn, they got the lights holding John Stadium. He's supposed to be slave. Hey, hey you. We a on on NFL film man. Bill Belichick told a story one day about starting the meeting. Starting the meeting and the head, I don't remember who the head coach at the time, but l was the head guy. Par was the head coach. The head coach. So Bill be, I think Bill must have went to Parcells and said something about, You know what Lt You know he showed up, he showed up late to a meeting and he wasn't there. And so Parcells asked him, well, did you start the meeting on time and you, you wait for him to get there? He said, no, I just waited for him to get there. Well, that's a good thing because the meeting don't start until LT get there.


I mean we just talking, what are we, what are we talking about here? Like that? I was like, what? It's like now OCHO guys, you got an opportunity to see Tom Brady. If you, you are old enough, you get an opportunity to see Tom Brady. If you weren't old enough, you didn't see Joe and those come from behind victories and you didn't see Elway and Merino in play. So I don't think people realize because they see TJY and they see these era. Think about it. This man won the MVP of the league as a defensive player of the league. Different man. He was Lt What was Lt like a a 10 time all pro, like eight or nine First team team.


Jesus. Do You know how hard it is to be that our first team, I think Brady has three. First team all pros, those are the season that he won the MVP. Let that sink in for a second. Aren Donald was a, I think a eight time first team all pro in 10 seasons. I think LT had that many, but LT had like, I think he went like six or seven in a row called banks. Somebody beat him out and then he went to another two or three. How many first team all pros Did H LT have eight? First team, how many consecutive? Seven. He was eight. First team and how many second team? One or two.


But I Abdul I think I I I think you're gonna be a phenomenal player. Go strike y'all. Go, go get your go build your own legacy because you're there. I, because think, think about it. I don't care what one you think Joe Brown gonna go to New England, say, Hey, lemme get that 12. But, but, but, but Shannon we shouldn't even be talking about this. And the Giants should be like, man, you can't have that number. Hey listen, hey, hey gp. You can't even have that number GP in that, in that media market. You know how New York media is, You know they don't play. Yeah, you don't play. You, you listen. You dawn that 56 and understand what comes behind that.


Or even having it on your, having it on. Yeah, I don't want that. I don't That made it for love. Listen, and I listen, I'm, and You know how I am gp, You know how I am. I don't care what nobody say, especially the media because I'm asking a fool. But I, I wouldn't even, I'm just saying if hypothetically speaking, I don't want what come behind that 56 wearing it every Sunday at one o'clock. Uhuh. No sir. No sir. No sir. No sir. Like I say, they shouldn't even think about giving it to him. Man, go here man. That's your jersey man. He send your locker, you shut out. They already got bang. Is the jersey up now in his locker room and say got 11. It is what it is. Man. Don't even come to my office, talk about 56, You know, and I offend LT and bring Chuck thing and say, boy, You know better than that.


I don't want, You know, I'm saying said that let's talk lt good. LT was lts like Yeah, I, I appreciate it, but I that's love. I mean like if you, you've been around Lt I've been around lt. Yeah. I don't know how much you've been around lt, OCHO hey, hey, hold on, hold on. Hey, that's a good one. Me and me and Lt, we be at Twin Peaks. I'm saying you can, you can see the pictures. I see him all the time. He coming off the golf course? Yes. Coming down. Smoke his dog with twin buddies. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's him. That's him. That's all he wanna do is golf and smoke cigar. And I seen him in, I seen him in about two weeks and Anthony Anderson is a golf benefit. So yeah, I see him all time. Yep. With sign everything.


That's my guy. So You know what I'm saying? Man, LT ain't worried about that. Lt gonna tell that boy you ain't gonna never compare to me. Everybody gotta understand. Put your name or your picture next to me. You can't, it ain't gonna never be another lt. I don't get what nobody saying. Right. You don't understand me. Just put your picture next to us and we be good. Yeah. You know the, Josh, You know what I in that situation, You know what I do like, hold on before we go, before you go, go ahead. I just wanna say this about Abdul Carter. You know what I do like though. GP and the confidence though. Yeah. Oh, I love that. Hey, there, there's, there's, there's something in players that, that don't have they that we had back in the day. Gp, you, you talked about it earlier, You know, as far as supporting cash, You know, role players and all that.


Young bull got confidence. Yeah, you do. For the mere fact. He even had the guard and the ball to say I want to even wear that 56 think this ocho. What does that tell you? What'd that tell you about him? Aren Aren Donald won three defensive players a year. So did JJ Watt. Yeah. And ain't nobody said they're better than LT and we watching 'em in this era. Yeah. So now remember now when LT played, they didn't throw the football like they throw it now. Right. He didn't have the chances to go to hunt the quarterback like they do now. They put a special, Joe Gibbs put a special offense in just to deal with lt. He put the H back in.


He said I wanna put somebody over here with the left tackle Right. To help him out so they could help on lt. They help him out. Yeah. That's when, You know when they put it, when they designed a special offense to deal with you, if you couldn't block him, you couldn't beat the Giants. Go back and look at the eighties and look at the left tackles that got drafted in the first round. Right. Jim Lasher and they go get Irv Eaton, they go get Gary Zimmer and they get Steve Wallace go back and look and see what they did just to deal with this man. Mm. An 82 year old man runs a 16.0 200 meters. Let's check out the video. OCHO highs go.


What? I, let's go. Hey, rolling. Hey, that you don't a day of it. You want Damn, damn. Hey, hey uncle, do me a favor now do, do me a favor bro. Like I'm not trying to be funny. Even at, even at 57 right now, me at 57 right now, I'm still fast than 87% of the NFL and they in their twenties don't do me like that because that man dust you. What? That man kicked duff up over your feet. Oh man, please man.


Shannon, you saying that that O2 smoke out. What? That man, that man what? He 80. He not slow. That ain ain two, that 82 years old. If you let that man beat you, I dis you man. Listen or whatever. You better ever talk. Nah, listen, I, I give, I'm not sure who that's, listen, congratulations being able to run a 16, 16, whatever in a hundred meters. I give him 30 meters and come get him. Go get Oh you crazy. I give him 30 meter to come get him O Joe. I'm like that O Joe. You can't get five meters and come get him, man. Stop stocks. No, don't, don't, don't be disrespectful. I got five. He could, he could beat you.


Hey, hey Shannon. I That bet. Huh? I-I-I-I-I also go get him. Him. Hey. Oh can you? Hey, he could beat you up. He I beat. Oh yeah, he got me. I can't run. I ain't ran in 16 years. Yeah, he get me. Oh absolutely. Yeah. Hell that eight 90-year-old woman to get me. Yeah. Ain't no shame in my y'all. Hey y'all not fixing to get me out there to pull my hamstring at 57 leaves or blow something out. Nah, I'm good. I done ran my land race. You hit me. Ain't talking about Go Race. I said man, y'all crazy as heck me.


Do y'all want me to be lifting for the next year? I ain't dealing with nothing. I don't go with nobody. No. Hey, GP you don't play. No, you ain't play no basketball. You don't hoop at all no more. Absolutely not. Okay. My bad up there man. I'm banging them. If it's, if it's two seconds or three seconds, I'm Coach Snap. I show up to 'em and I might run like two, three seconds and I'm done. I ain't doing none of that. I ain't doing none of that. Okay. Okay. I I was, I was finna see if you wanted play one on one 'cause that got me a nice little hit list. Absolutely not. I got a nice you going, you gonna keep watching them them Google. Google me, Google me by Google Me.


You ain't getting nothing from me. Google me. You know me. Get me when there was that time, You know I tell 'em all, Hey Shannon, I do like this man, look at man. And Monday it was 13, there was 29 of jerseys that you can go get. If you would've got one of them, I would've gave it to you every day. You know, understand me right now. I ain't giving your left thing. I ain't got that for you. Alright, we gonna get y'all, we gonna get outta here on this. Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. That was a good one bro. That nigga said go Google me.


Ten one seven Boogie Luca Chalupa Bazooka Wolves in five running back said Lakers and eight and eight. How many guys I doing be that's gonna be next year too true. BLE was 73. Officer Reeves, Mac and Cheese strip tees, Lakers and Cancun. Hey, but they, they, they on you UNC lady, Ray, Cocker, spaniel, Randall, McDaniel, Jade, McDaniels, wolves in five LeBron legs, bionic leg, Turkey, legs, wolves in five.


Man, y'all need to go in All y'all laughing now, but we got something for you King. KO 2.0. Full Moon afternoon, Lakers going to Cancun. Wolves is five big two. Big dollar 2 0 1. Demi Wolf werewolf. Timber Wolf don't matter. Lakers is seven. There you go. That's what I'm talking about right there. There you go. A d Smith messed up not resting his starters, but the wolves are better. Teams series is over. Laker can't play no better than that. A dab. I don't think they could play any better than that, but maybe they could play defense better than that. Pat Dub G.


Yeah. When you were playing in Miami, did you really scratch Pat Riley plays because you didn't feel like running them? I didn't, I didn't run nothing. I wasn't listening to nobody. Yeah. I was the only one on the teammate. Look at him when he let me take over that basketball team and talk to all those players. I went to Shaq and I said, Shaq, look at him man, we gotta look. We got a young Cooper down here, man. Let that boy do what he gotta do and look what happened. We won a championship, man. Man, we ain't to all that man. We got a championship. Pat knew what he was in, what it was. He let me do what I gotta do. We won a championship and that was all with that Jason born said glove. What were you and Malone barking at each other during the 2000 playoffs?


Your cousin from Richmond. When y'all play Utah, when y'all play y'all Utah, y'all play Utah that year. Pay they GP pros. We'll come back. We're asking that just to say uncle, not you in gp. Hey gp. I don't know how much play, how how, how much about play from the older NBA. Is there any guards from the eighties and nineties that you played? Like you Thanks he froze that game GP on that a OL that dial up OUSS 2004 Ocho whatever.


Is there any truth? Okay. Okay. He's like you and Malone barking at each other during the 2000 playoffs. Your cousin from Richmond? No, we was just barking with him. Man, You know, call my boy. You know what I'm saying? I I, I ain't gonna back down from nobody. He say something crazy. I'm gonna say something back to him, man. We just doing what we do. I told him I was on bus his I I and he said he was gonna get back at me. So I said it. It is what it's it is what it's it's what it's yeah. GP say, I don't know much about the players from older NBA. Is there any guards from the eighties and nineties that played like you? Thanks. Ain't nobody played like me. I'm only re I'm only the original one.


I'm, I was a two-way guard. I was a big guard. It was all good. If we gonna say this year during this era, I'd say Drew Holiday played just like me. You know what I mean? He could scored. Yeah. He, he played on the defensive end. He was one of them dudes. But in my era, nobody played like me. But You know what gp I will say this. In the eighties and nineties, all them guards posted your ass up until John stopped. Yeah. Yeah. But You know what? But yeah, I was the big guard. You remember I was the one that hit Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then they started putting Mitch Richmond on me with his old big old strong butt. And he, I getting all bad during that time and I had to start, start spinning off on me and then they put this on me and he was too big.


So, but it was good man. We, You know, I used to like going to every arena because we had a guard that could deal with each other. You know what I'm saying? We had a guard and on every team that was really, really good. OUSS 2004. Unc Ocho moving away from basketball. Is there any truth to Shado answering FaceTime calls during the draft process? Interviews? A former g said this today, man, they just, why they making up this stuff? Man, players don't even have they phone in them, in them, in them, in them meetings. Man, when they doing that, man, all this bullshit come no, man. You don't even have your phone when you go into meeting rooms.


No. Florian says, do you prefer quarterback seven or 18 gp? Could James Harrison make OCHO tap out? Yeah, I played with sell. So I, I appreciate what Peyton came to do and I appreciate, I love Peyton, but man, I ain't taking nobody over seven. Yeah, yeah, yeah. James gonna make Ocho tap out who I'm gonna be. I'm gonna beat James Harrison ass man. Don't play you man playing me, man. I'm, I'm, I'm on, I'm on. Whatever he on, man. Hey look, I'm going with Chad. You know, that's my, that's my, that's my running Pey, You know what I'm saying? He, man, I'm dealing with him. Yeah. I'm put my little bit of money left. A little bit of money on James Harrison. You see? See you see?


You want me to pay you back? But then you do stuff like this, Shannon, you see I'm talking about, I gotta put a bow out on you. Shannon. You, you hate I boy you hate. Hey, hey, that, that's fine. Hey gp, I I'm gonna let James knock his ass out, then I'm gonna go in his pockets and get my money. All right. Oh, you talking about Martin? Listen. Oh, the Kar man knock call box. Dang. Dr. Frankie Bella say, oh, you ever know when someone owe you money? Every word they say. Huh? How is your day? Huh? What did you eat for lunch? Where is my money at? Yep, that's Ocho. Oh man.


Oh my goodness. Yeah, he owe me 5,980 American dollars. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, You know, times hard in this economy, boy, I'm gonna get, I'm, I'm gonna get it to you. I'm gonna get it to you. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite aunt. My partner, my co-host, Liberty City's own Bing, A Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, that's Chad Ocho, SEKO Johnson. And joining us tonight for basketball topic and we threw a little football in there. The Oregon State Beaver, Seattle Supersonic Great is Jersey is retired. Hey, if, if Seattle come back and they get a team and if somebody come in and say, Hey, GP, let me get that number 20, what's up, man?


Ain't crazy as heck, man. I ain't even put, you ain't gonna even try to get out on my number, man. That's over. They be No, you ain't getting it. No. Go be somewhere else. You know what I'm saying? I ain't doing that. I picture on this Supersonic great Miami, he won a chill with the dog with a, with the heat, won a gold medal. One of the 75th greatest players in NBA history. G Gary Peyton. Oh, you? Yeah. You win 96 and two. Oh man, I got two of them things, Shannon. I got two them to them medals. Right. You know, I got two of them things.


Two time. Gold Medal winner, NBA Champ. Gary Payton, thank you for joining us. Yes, sir. Please make, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. I wanna thank each and every one of you guys tonight that tuned in. I wanna thank each and every one of our subscribers that whether you watch it, whether you listen to it, whether you share, thank you guys for your support and your continued support. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Poitier. We have it in stock. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone.


So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, YC, Chicago. We close things out in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehamedia.com slash tour. That's sheha media.com/tour. The link is pending in the chat. Our guest lineup are looking great. You guys don't wanna miss out on this. So if we come to a city near you, come check out your favorite uncle and nephew, uncle Ocho and support Nightcap. Thank you guys for watching. Again, I'm up. He's ocho, he's gp, also known as The Glove. We're off tomorrow night.


We'll see you on Tuesday. Thank you guys for joining us. Alright, gp. Alright baby, The Volume.


Hey friend. I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again, our NBA champions. Today, the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that. Mount Westmore, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camil Ramon At Amli Ortiz and our podcast, Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the arriva. This season we sit down with history makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.