
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois


As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home. Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LC Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30


Yo, What's good is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA Tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Tony. What? Tony? What's going on bro? What's up y'all? Can y'all hear me and stinking? I I can see. Hear you. I can see. Oh, that, that thing happen. Wait, You, you got the Light in? Got a phone, but it's okay. The light. The light too bright. I got the, I got the space shuttle, I got the beam me up, the healing, You know thing. I damn it. If You need. Nah, you're good. You good. You good boss. How's everything? Everything good though Man. I ain't got no complaints man. I'm golden. I'm back on tour. So yeah. You know, getting, getting, getting my pockets replenished. Just bought a house though. And listen Every, every morning ask, ask the man upstairs man to make sure that cup continue to run it over.


You gonna be all right? Come on, come on man. I bought my first house though. I need every dollar. Oh did you? Yeah, man, I just bought my first house. Right? Southern California. So You know, they gonna charge you $8 million for one and a half fit room. Zero bad. Congratulations. Congratulations. Tony. Did you al Tony, did you always wanna be a comedian? Did you, were you a class clown? Were you funny always. When did you decide to say, You know what, I'm gonna be a standup. You know what, man? I was always funny and didn't realize it because I'm the youngest of three boys. So I'm trying to, I'm trying to crack jokes at the house, but my brothers would never laugh.


That gave me nothing. Right. So I would go to school, I would go to school thinking I wasn't funny. So I'm making the the, the kids laugh. But it didn't even register because I was like, man, I ain't funny at home though. And then, You know, when we young And we teens And we and the girls, you don't wanna be funny. You trying to be all Oh yeah. And backed out. You know what I'm saying? You got your jodes boots on, you just like, yeah girl. They be like, you funny. I'll be like, nah, nah, I ain't trying to be funny. You know what I'm saying? And so I, I never really paid attention to my funny until I got to college and then that's when it clicked. Right. But, You know, women, like guys that, but Tony, You know, women like guys that are funny.


One of the, one of the things that they say, a sense of humor laughing right by the draw. I found that out later. I found it out later. But lemme ask you this. When, when do you get into the voiceover? Because that's kind of how I stumbled upon you. You were doing voiceover cast dog, I forget. I what's the Scotty? Scotty And, and Curtis. And Scott. Curtis. Scotty. How, how did you get into the boys over? You know what it was, we always had pets growing up. So, You know, I never lived without a, a, a animal in the house somewhere until I went to college. And so I was always wondering what they was thinking about just looking at cats and dogs and like, what y'all thinking about.


And so I did this, I did two videos. It was one of this goat in Brazil just harassing the hell outta everybody, man. Just, he just cra Hamilton ton man. He just, he knocked this lady over. He had grocery bags and this dude tapped the save him. So that was the very first one I did. And then I did this second one, this raccoon was eating out of a cash food dish. And the cast was round with him looking at him like he crazy. Like, yo man, who's the man right here? And he looking at them and then he dip off and then come back for one last scoop and then he run off. Yeah. And so that's the one that went viral. And I was like, let me, let me just do these for real.


And I just kept doing them ever since Live. Hey, you, you had a comedy special scaredy cat. Can you walk us through Yeah. The creative process and the prep you had behind the special and how everything came about? Okay, so I started doing standup in 2008. Yeah. So really my voice though wasn't just a vehicle to get you to come see me live. So I've been doing standup since then. So, You know, I'm, I'm just doing, when I started doing standup, I'm doing everything I can get my hands on and every, every show, every competition, every bringer show I'm just doing whatever. And so I'm just accumulating all this material.


I'm getting up every night dog. I'm like doing multiple stages a night. And so by the time I started Scared the Cat And I met these cats that I still work with Brennan and Tony at Transit Pictures and they was like, yo, let us shoot your special. And I was like, alright. You know? And so they put it together 'cause they do dynamite work. And so we went to New Mexico State. That's where, that's where I went to college and we shot the special there. You know, low budget, gorilla Style Independent, just shot that movie. And then, so that's like years worth of material that we just culminated right there.


Tony, who are your, who is your inspiration when you grow up? When you like, you like, okay, take a little bit of this, take a little bit of that. Who are your inspir, who are some of your inspirations in the comedic space? Well, when I was growing up, I'm 47. So, You know, delirious was the first what You know about that Man, come on man. Man, any anybody that knows that was around at that time that that festival just blew everybody's head off. And so that's when I first took in a comedy special for real. And then as time went on, You know, I saw Raw, but then I started watching like comedy And I was like, Damon Williams Slim Band and Jerry Seinfeld are my three influencers with a sprinkler of Bernie Mac.


So those, those are like, those are my influences right there. And so I feel like I'm a combination of those three that I mentioned and 'cause I feel my mom know like a lot of customs so we could watch them that together. Right. You know, that's what I was about to ask you because I don't hear a lot of, I don't hear a lot of cursing in your comedy. Yeah. I try to keep it PG 13 for the most part. Like, I don't want to, I don't want to get too clean 'cause I don't wanna get stuck in that box. Right. But, You know, so I try to keep it PG 13 so my mom won't cringe up. So, but yeah, Sinbad Damon WANs the way he would just like story tell it do the character act out. Yes.


And, and then the way science failed, just, just details every like little basic human experience that we have talking about socks for like 15 minutes. Talking about toothpaste, talking about cereal. I could do that type of stuff too. So those are my three influences right there. And so I don't think people understand how difficult, how difficult stand the comedy is. I think they think people are funny. You just stand on stage in front of a crowd and it just works. Now understanding that the material has to hit, you have to engage with the crowd, you have to have stage presence. There's so many factors and variables that go in for a comedian to be able to stand up in front of people. Have stand material, remember said material and the delivery to be on point.


Yes. So My, my question is, how different is your approach when it comes to doing standup versus the content you put on social media? Or do you just approach both the same way? Well, the way I write is like, I, I think of a premise. Like I'll be like, I'll be at the grocery store tonight, right. And I'll be like, man, look at this lady right here. And then next time I get on stage I'll be like, man, I was in Whole Foods famous, this lady right here. And so I, I write it in real time like that. I keep the premise in mind. Alright, I'm gonna say this. And then, then I start, I keep doing it the more I go up and then I edit, add in. Okay. And do do it like that.


And so, 'cause like the way my mind works, I'll forget it if I don't, if I don't like write it down or do it right away. Yep. And so that's my approach to like stand up my voiceovers and like the content. It'd be in the moment, man. Like when people, people used to send me before I kinda stopped doing voiceovers 'cause Instagram keep pulling them off my page And I wanna get my page deleted. But people would send me videos all day long, they still do and stuff. They'd be like, Hey man, hey, oh man, this. And so I'll look at the video maybe once, twice. And then I, I'll just think of the whole scenario. Like, like the, I I got a voiceover where it's these two cats.


There's one outside the window. Yeah. And one, yeah. Hey Curtis, let me holler at you right quick. Yeah, yeah. Because the one outside looked like he been about that life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, he want, he want Curtis to come outside so he can give him these stupid pad. Yeah. Real. And so when I'm looking at that, I'm like, oh, I got the conversation right here. Like, Hey Curtis, man wants you to step outside. Let me holler at you in your head. And then, and then he disappeared for a little bit. He fell. He fell. He fell. I I'm hurt, huh? Yeah. Hell me man. I failed it. Then you come back. Why? Why you ain't helping me hurt me?


You told Scotty don't me out. You figured me out, Scotty. You freaking me out. Yeah, man. And so, And I like production value too. So like, if I do a voiceover of a giraffe running from a lion, I'll be outside running when I record it. So you get think like, it's like, it's really like that's what's really happening. Y Yep. Like you can hear me running outside and be like, oh man, that sound like he really running. So some people appreciate those little nuances. Right. That's dope. That's dope. Tony, give me your Mount Rushmore comedian. Okay. I'm gonna give you top four. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna give you two of the ones I just named. I'm gonna give you, okay.


I'm gonna give, and this is my, this is my personal one. I can give you a comedy Mount Rushmore. I can give you my personal, you. Hey, I want yours. Who are your Mount Rushmore comedian? Tony Baker. Mount Rushmore. Okay. So, gotcha. Damon WI feel like, I feel like his HBO specials are underrated. We know, we know Damon is the legend. Yeah. But I feel like his comedy specials don't get talked about enough. Man. It it is, it's crazy. So I'm gonna give you Damon Williams, I'm gonna give you Sinbad as well. I feel like Sinbad don't get talked about enough to be that funny and that clean and that consistent is crazy. And his crowd work is bananas. Yep. So I got them two on there.


I'm gonna give you dang man because I want to, I want to throw Eddie on there, but he only got two specials. But they was monumental though. Yeah. Eddie, Eddie Murphy. Eddie Murphy. Oh, Murphy. Okay. Okay, okay. He only got two those. I'm gonna be like, I'm, I'm gonna sliding Lt. Okay. I'm gonna put, I'm gonna put him on the legendary Mount Rushmore, but since he only got two I'm must slide him off. And then I wanna put George Carlin on there because I love Carla. That's my boy George Carlin man. George Carlin, man, just, I can listen to him all day and the way he breaks stuff down, it's Just, Hey, I got, I have all his specials.


All of us. Oh man, that dude was crazy, man. You Got, you, got you. He there, there are very few comedians that you go and see where you have to think. He makes you think Yeah. He force you to think. Yep. And then not only that, not only thinking you gonna walk away having learned stuff, it's like yo Yes. He's very socially conscious. Very, yes. He he's very socially conscious. He's gonna talk about things in real, in real life that you're dealing with And you think like, damn, he put that in perspective. You know who the great, the, I think one of the, the greatest especially of this generation Chappelle who?


That Chappelle. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Man. That joke. And he, he can take the way he can diffuse our audience and talk about things that you shouldn't be talking about. And, and before You know it, his SNL when he did SNLA couple years ago Bake. Yeah. That might have been the greatest monologue in Saturday. Light Live history, if you ever seen it. Go back and look at his monologue. Yeah, yeah. You know what's Dobo bass rappel the way, the way his comedy transformed, if you go back and look the killing them softly or early specials, it was more rapid fires, more jokes. But then he developed into like this monumental storyteller where he just like listening, you just like, man, this dude breaking it all the way down to where the jokes sneak up on that.


Yeah. Like, it's like I don't, I don't know, I don't know if success made it more comfortable and, and his approach to where it could just be like, y'all gonna rock with me anyways, so let me just sit, Take my time. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But his transition is just crazy. Patrice O'Neal is another thing that I, I see if, if he didn't passed away. Oh man. No, no telling. No telling where he would've went. What about Pryor? What do you think about Pryor? You know what I, I feel about pry I would put him on the Mount Rushmore of the best comedians that ever exists because when you look at Def Comedy Jam, it was 27 35 Richard Pryor on that thing.


Like he birthed so many comedians that if you were young and didn't catch Richard Pryor in his prime, you would go back and look at a Richard Pryor especially and be like, yo, this reminds me of like Def Jam. That's because they were born from him. Yeah. Asante Samuel saw the clips of us debating him and Prime and he responded to us Ocho. Yeah. That's your problem pimp. You are also brainwashed at Shannon Sharp. I'm not worried about what everyone perceives to be true like yourself. I stand on facts. You have yet to talk about the facts. You can easily be manipulated just like everyone has because of marketing. I bet you won't debate me. Big facts. Oh, Anna Sharp. Safety has a short safety has the short middle.


Nobody's in the deep, but me and the receiver, you don't know the truth. Pimp you just talking out your with no facts. Right. Let's talk. Or you scared like everyone else, bro. Hey, I ain't, I ain't even know your answers. You like, okay. I like that. I like that. Huh? Hey y'all, hey y'all can, Hey listen, we can have a club. Say she right. Listen to me now. Stay with me. You got a club. She, she db edition a good conversation, PowerPoint presentation style film up there to support each of your, your opinions and facts that you Might have. It had no opinion. He's not time. What do we debating?


Lemme lemme finish baby. Lemme finish. I'm just, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm giving you the ultimate content right now. Something that's never been done before. A format that's never been done before. Two players, actually three. 'cause you are part of it too. Three players. You got Prime and so Sanders And you, you one that loves the breakdown film, he's also one that loves to breakdown film. Now just picture this. You talking about you, you think Kat William did a whole bunch of numbers. What you think you assan sitting down, You know, going over, okay, you wanna prove it, prove it die in the sky. Don't lie. I'm just, I'm just throwing the idea out there because the format has never been done before. I've given, I've given coach time and myself have given Tante Samuel more tension since he's been retired than he's ever gotten after tonight.


I'm done with this. There's nothing to debate my bad. There is nobody, there is no one gonna say he's in the realm of time. He's in the realm of Derel Rivas. He's in the realm of Rod Woodson or Charles Woodson or Darrell Green or a male blunt. He's not, I don't give a damn what he says about the film he played. He played more. He played more. Look bro, you had an unbelievable career. Congratulations. You're just not time. You are not time. You are not Rebus. You're, hold on, find out. Did he make an all decade team?


Because time made all decade and he's one of the a hundred greatest players of all time. Let's see his resume. Let's see his body of work. I complimented it. I said time. Don't believe he wasted motion. The tee step worked well for Asante. I gave him a compliment. Let's see his resume. So he didn't make all decade. Four, Four time pro bowler.


One time all pro. How many times, how many pro bowls a time made How many all team. Yes. Oh, same number of Super Bowls. But one guy was a defensive player of the year. One guy as a defensive back swung the balance of power. How many dbs can say swung the balance of power? He go to one team to keep the other team from going. He goes to the other team and keep that team from going, bro, you had an unbelievable career. You went to a pro bowl, you an all pro, you are not time. And there's no, and that's not as knock.


It's okay. It's okay. But I don't know why you getting mad at me. I tell you what, find, go find a gm. Go find a coach. Go find a player that says Asante Samuel is the equivalent or better than time. That's all you gotta do. Hell, your son won't say you better than time. And he a junior. Let's be real man. You coming? I'm the wrong one. You What you doing? Where you going?


I got that. I know what you're talking about, bro. I don't know what you're talking about. I complimented you. I said you had an outstanding career. I say the t step, sir. You well I just said you weren't tired. That's okay. If somebody says, You know what Shannon, you had an unbelievable career. Shannon. You went to a Pro Bowl. You are a first team all pro. You are an all decade player. You in the Hall of Fame, but you ain't grump. Okay? You ain't Travis Kelsey. Okay, but you ain't gonna go no other tight end. Let me talk about you. Ain't that? If you wanna say Gronk, if you wanna say Kelsey, Shannon, you, not that I ain't finna fight you, but you ain't gonna go no more.


You ain't gonna go no more because when I left every record that a tight end could have, I had it catch it yards, touchdown, most yards of the Game. Hey, so I, hold on. I just, now that, now that you mentioned that when I'm gonna come, when when we factor in the numbers and statistics, does that play any factor in, in, in in as Son's case or it, it doesn't matter. Just, just curious. He had More pr, he had more past breakups and fuel interceptions. How many peg fiction did he have? All I know is when I left the game, yes. I had every record that a tight end could possibly have. Okay. Ain't nobody had 'em but me. Now they done came along and broke 'em.


Gonzo broke him and yeah. Gaze did this and, and drunk and this and that. But I don't know. I don't know why he mad at me. I gave him a compliment. Yeah. I said he had an outstanding career. Yeah. I said the tee step for him served him well. I like, I I like the convo, I like the dialogue. I would, I would love, I would love especially for not the casual fan, but for people that are, that are fans of the game. I wish we could dive a little bit more. I'm obviously not here on the show. I'm just Saying, I'm just asking you find the general manager. Find the head coach. Find the receiver. Because he talking about, he talking like he was that he back.


I guarantee you when you find somebody that say he a top 10, a top 10 cornerback. If we go back and study history top 10 corner. So we got time, we got Revis, we got Male Blunt, we got Rob Wilson, we got Darryl Green, we got a Neils Williams, we got Male Blunt. Okay, that's seven right there. Where we, where are we going to put him in the list of all time and the history of the NFL, right? Is he cracking the top 10?


Everybody loves a challenge, right? What if we challenged ourselves to grow our savings by the end of the year? If you stop for coffee every day on your way to work, why not put the same amount into your savings account when you open a chime checking account, you are one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees and fee free. Overdraft up to $200. Making progress has never been easier. And if you want access to your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 with no mandatory fees or interest. Learn more@chime.com slash Nightcap. When my kids were in college, they seemed to be overdraft their account at least once a month. My daughter would overdraft her account. By the end of the day, they would be embarrassed because they know how I felt about financial responsibilities and the fees were ridiculous, but mostly because they were embarrassed. Join millions of CHIME members who are working on financial progress. Again, no monthly fees or maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, up to $500 of your pay before payday with no fees, no interest. And Chime offers 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open your account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like Progress Banking services and debit card provided by the Bank Corp. Bank NA or Stride Bank, NA members ft IC SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Fees apply at out-of-network ATMs. My pay eligibility requirements apply. Credit limits range $20 to $500 A $2 fee applies to get funds instantly. Chime checking account required. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, UTO, Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by our freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent Rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage llc. Equal housing lender license than all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org number 33.


That's your, I mean, that's your homeboy. He was Florida. I want you to tell me, you tell me What, what, what would you put him? No, I ain't ain't Why I'm asking you. I just named seven guys. Which one of those seven guys You are you putting him in front of Unc? You heard me? I'm listening. I'm asking you. Oh, I forgot about Champ Bailey. You putting him in front of Champ? You ain't answer the question. Are you putting him in front of Champ? You heard me? I'm listening. Yeah. Where would you put him? Where would you No, I ask you.


I'm already, I asked questions. Yes. Now I'm I'm asking you, where do you rank him based on what you call, I've asking man, I I just asked this better. A simple question. I gave him seven, eight names he talking about. Where would I rank him? I ask You. Yeah, because listen, I get it And you gonna probably bump into him. Hold On, hold on, hold On. At point in time. Hey, hold on. It don't matter who I bump into. Okay, well you got in, in front of the guy that I met you, But he addressed you. Where are you asking me the question? He addressed you. So I'm asking you when you at I already done said it. I are you putting He's not in front of time. He's not in front of Revis. He's not in front of Rod Wilson. He's not in front of Charles Wilson. He's not in front of Mel Blunt.


He's not in front of Neils Williams. He's not in front of a a, a Champ. Bailey. That's seven. Okay, that's seven Guys. Okay. Not Two. Who is he in front of? Is he top 10 all time in the history deck? Night train Lane. Amil Tunnel. Is he in? Hey, hey. I'm just asking. He got all these facts. Who is he in front of? I'm I tell you what, who is he in front of, of the list that I just named?


Now? You, you, you, you name, you name all you, you name all time. Like all time. He talking like he all time Gray. That's the problem. Nobody got a problem with him saying he's not good. We're talking about, he talking about I you talking about all time. Great. The guy that I list, he's at the front of the line time, male, blunt, defensive player of the year. Charles Wilson, defensive player of the year. Rod Wilson, defensive player of the year. There've been a lot of guys. But number two, one is at the front of the line. Yeah. Talking like he getting that there a group. Look, we go into a room and the hall of Fame. Okay. We go into a room, we all into a room, but there are a certain guy at certain tables.


We in the room, but we not at that table. Mm. He not even in the room. He on the outside. Hey, y'all know I played right? Yeah. But this for Big Dog. Keep it a stack. So I will chat y'all tell me of the guys that I list who he better than. I ain't mention Pat Pee. I ain't Richard Sherman yet. I just, I just gave y'all a couple of names. I want you to tell me who he better than than the list I listed. Who y'all putting him in front of? Champ. Y'all put him in front of Dion. Y'all put him in front of Rivas.


Y'all put him in front of Charles Woodson. Rod Woodson. Y'all put him in front of Male Blunt. Who are y'all putting Champ Bailey? Who are y'all putting him in front of? Asante Samuel. Who? Hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying to see, I'm trying to see what the chat talking about. No, I, No, I want you to see what the chat talking about. You played against him. Talking about you played against Charles Woodson. You played against Fat P you played against Shem. Where? In front of him. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't play against Shem, but You know, You know I I I did, I did, I did. I did my thing everywhere I went.


You hear me? It was la it was like Halloween. If I knock on the door, I'm coming to get some candy. I asking you a simple question of the guys that were mentioned, who is he in front of? And I I I wouldn't say in front of because you, you mentioned You know the greats, but he has, he has the numbers to be in the room. I know, I know that much. And you base everything off numbers. If you talk about, let me finish before you say anything. When you talk about MJ in comparison to Mi to, to Michael Jordan, when it comes to the base in any other sport, we always bring up the numbers, but all of a sudden the numbers are ignored when it comes to now talking about the ain't none of the hold on in comparison.


He Got four pro bones. All those got hold on. This dude got four pro bones. Listen to me. I'm not finished. Okay. But again, now we, we under, we, we, we understand, but when we do a comparison based on greatness, You know, I'll tell you what, guess What? Your former coach, your former coach had three pro bowls and 62 picks you taking Dick. He, he Dick Lebo. Oh, And you numbers what You know about Numbers? Hey, what You know about Lebos? What, what You know about You just told me numbers. Yeah, I mean that, that, listen, that's what everything is based off of, right? Yep. No, okay. Numbers. Okay, let's go all pros, let's go Pro Bowls, let's go all decade.


Let's go defensive player of the year. Right? Right. That's part of numbers also just not picks. Okay. Okay. Okay. I got, I look at it like this. If you get six picks And you give up eight touchdowns, you're done. Okay. I, I see what I see what you're doing. I got, I like, I thought the job of a corner, right, is to take away more than you give up. That's, that's, that's a great convo. That's, that's, I'm just waiting on this man to tell me who is he better then than the list I named. Now we gonna have, guess what? Let's have the conversation.


Hopefully Lord spare both of our lives. We're able to have a conversation another 10 to 15 years. We'll, I'm gonna, I'm gonna need to see a gold jacket on his back because all the guys that I've bitching now, Hey, Jalen Ramsey's going to be coming up, coming up. Richard Sherman's gonna be coming up. Pat p's gonna be coming up. You see what he trying to do? Oh, it's all about marketing, bro. You played on the Patriots. Ty Law played on the Patriots. Ty Law got a red jacket and a gold jacket. So don't do that bull job about marketing. If you who was on TV more than the Patriots ocho Oh, during, during that, during that 20 time. During that time. Woo. Yeah. Oh, so now it's marketing time.


Ain't no marketing bro. Yeah, he market himself to know how to parlay that. But that man on the field, you better go check the tapes. Either you can or you can't. That's a great conversation. Boy. That's a, that's a good one. Now. Oh, I brown, Mike Hayes. Mike Hayes got nine, like nine Pro Bowls. You better go check. That's a great convo. Well, lemme grab me a water, Asante. Go ahead bro. Asante, you had a great career, bro. You good player. You just said all I said you weren't time And you had to get personal.


I don't know. I don't know why. I mean, if, if, if you wanted to come on Nightcap to get to get your name out there, you coulda did that. Hey, hey, hey, hey, listen, that is a great combo, boy, you hear me? It's a great, what? What's A great combo? This one, I like this. I just obviously, it, it, you just, it is not me as the, the individual, but I'm just saying that's why and its Prime. Is he better than Stefan Gilmore? And at some point, Hey Chad, don't y'all want Ocho to chime in instead of just talking about, this was a great convo. He ain't say nothing. I listen to you, you telling, telling This is UNC Ocho Hold on.


Hold. We don't listen to each other. We go back and Forth. I've been chiming in on I've been chiming in on you Ain't, I'm listening to you. Now listen. See, he Said Chad, he listening to me. He address, he address Shannon Sharp. He sent a long message to Shannon Sharp. So I'm just ing Hang on. Where did he address Shannon? Sharper. What was Shannon Sharp speaking on? On what? On, on him. On Nightcap, Nightcap, unc and Ocho. Right? So is your, is your job to answer back? I get it, Chad, y'all see Ocho don't want to chime me. He for Florida. OCHO might bump into it. Y'all know me. I don't give a damn. I mean, and what is bumping? What? See, heard the prop heard the thing with Shannon Sharp.


Whatever Shannon Sharp say on Nightcap, Shannon Sharp, if he bumped into said player, Shannon Sharp is mad enough to stand on that. Bro, you not Ty, you not Charles Woods. You not Rod Woods. You not Darrell Rivas. You not male blunt. You not Mike Haynes. You not ll Green, you not Facts. Now, of the 10 guys that I named, find a coach, find a receiver that say Asante Samuel is better than any of those guys. See, and the the way the, the way, the way you make it sound.


Oh, see you, you, you're being mean. Hey, Ocho Hey Ocho, you being, Hey, you, hey, you, you sitting. Hey. You hear how you make it sound? You make it sound like, like Buddy was trash or something. I Didn't say he was trash Ojo. It's the way you, the way you, I'm just saying, the way you talking, like you acting like we just sitting here talking about some, just some old bum. We, I'm, I'm just, I'm just curious. Ocho who can I say? Yeah, I mean, and listen, I played the game. Listen, I play that be Hold on Ocho. Wait, stay with me, stay with me, stay with me real quick. I played the game on the other side of the ball. So I know I played against Prime, I played against ZI have an understanding of both and how good they were, what they, oh, hold on.


Great. His prime was and how good Zant was. So it's hard for me to sit here and say, You know, the, The, the way you doing it when I saw it with my own eyes, I understand how great prime is. But then I know when that young boy was doing as well, when he was playing, All I said, I said he was good. I said he was a very good player. Had an unbelievable career. Look at he said it don't, he used the technique. He used the technique. That time doesn't approve of two things can be true.


Yes, sir. Okay. Some guys like to play press and open the gate. Yes sir. Some guys like to press and put hands. Yeah. Whatever technique works for you. But he was talking as if he was the equivalent because he posted his stats in Times Stats saying, look at our stats. Right. So he's posting those stats as if he's the equivalent. And I said he is not, I didn't say he wasn't a good player. I said he went to Pro Bowls. I think he was an all pro. I know he won't Super Bowls in New England. That's what I said. Right. He took offense that I didn't co-sign him.


I don't need no marketing. I don't need to co-sign. I think everybody's known. I didn't have an opportunity to critique time when he played, when he went back for those two years. Right. Because he was mainly a safety and he didn't start the game. Okay, that's fine. But I've never had a problem critiquing any player. I critiqued Tom Brady, Peyton, Manny, you name a player. Ray Lewis receiver. Oh to Randy. I've never had a problem critiquing because I'm basing it on my knock, intimate knowledge of the game and film study.


When I was at CBS, I would watch film How many times when I was at CBS or Fox, when you ever heard a guy called Tell about Sha Sharp. Don't know what the hell he talking about. Nah. That that ain't, that ain't gonna happen. See what y'all try to do. Well you doing the That's not what I said. No, no. I never said, I've never seen the difference is Skip tried to say, I said I was better than Tom Brady. I said Tom Brady wasn't playing. Well, why would I have a tight end, compare myself to a quarterback. Okay. Right, right, right. I would need to compare myself to Gru to Kelsey or a tight end. That's the only way you can get an equivalent.


I said, I said, yeah, Asante had a great career. Hobo Super Bowls. Now Guy, like I said, you wanna say she, you ain't tra you ain't grump you. Right. Gotta live with that. You right. You got me right. You got me. But I'm, I'm just confused. Hey, I I but look bro, you, I gave how many, I gave you 15 minutes of Fame. Fame that you never would've got had you not mentioned me or time enjoy it.


Now go back to your solitary life. Nobody's gonna, when was the last, I tell you what Ocho when was the last time, prior to last night? When was the last time you heard somebody? Mitchell Asante. Samuel. Take your time. I'm gonna go get me up. I'm gonna go get me some water. Take your time. Hey Chad. Y'all keep on too interested. Hey, anyway, Chad, we back Unc, it's a little set. He's a little set. Other than that, it's a great conversation. I like it. I like the dialogue. I like the back and forth. I like players also. What, what, what what we, what we always talk about having a belief, having not, not, not only belief in what you can do and what you've already done and bringing it to the forefront.


Bring it to the forefront and supporting what it is you've done in comparison to someone else who is also great. And that's okay. Now, a lot of people won't see it that way as as, as you can see, including none. But one thing I I I've always do see is if you were bad at what you do, then I will always come out and say that. But I, I played against both And I understand how good both were. I understand how great crime was. Obviously catching him on the tail end of his career, and obviously playing against Asante during his prime and understanding how good he was, how much of a student of the game he was. And what I'm not gonna do is diminish what I was able to see for years while I was playing and understanding, watching film, I'm hearing understanding how good he was and how savvy he was technically.


You know? So it is different coming from someone that actually played on the opposite side and understand how good he was. You know? So it's hard to see it, to say, oh, he's not been, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, I had to go against this. I I had to go against that for years. So it's different. It's, it's different. You know, especially in a lot of, a lot of people in the chat, obviously some of the comments on Twitter, on X, whatever it may be, their feelings are always different as well, because it's based off who You know and what they've done. Hey Unc, that was good. Hey, I've, I I just asked you a simple question. Which one prior of last night and today, when was the last time you heard somebody mention Asante Sanders?


I'm supposed to know I'm, I'd be on Nightcap Every time. A tight end break. A record Who record they see in there the most 150 yard game. The mo long this, the most that every Sunday in the NFL season, on the tight end of something. Who name is up there when they have them names? He just passed this one. Who name is also up there? Ocho Ocho. Don't worry about it. Ocho Hey. Hey Chad. All I try to do, I try to, You know, try to go back and forth, but Ocho You know, Ocho is like, Hey, We dig.


We did go back and forth. That was, that was a good one though. I no, you well, you, you laughing. I'm, I'm saying I'm for real. That that was a good one. I don't, I don't That was a, that was a good one. Manny. Manny, Manny. Fresh. What's up bro? What's up? What's happening Chad? Bro, what's up? What's up baby? What's good? You good? Yeah, man, listen, I, I just, I just left New Orleans, man about three days ago. I'm, I'm feeling good that, You know, that's my second home now. For sure. I saw you, I mean, I saw you claiming some war and all in that, bro. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Every, every, every bit out. Fred, What French, when you, when you look back at your career And you look back, not that your career's done, when you look back at all the people that you've touched And you made beef for, what are you most proud of?


Relationships, bro. Like, You know, relationships better than, You know, the beats or whatever to, to bring people together and, and keep 'em together. You know, even like right now, what's going on with my crew? Like for us to get back together as men and go back out there 25, 26 years and, and, and, You know, and, and still getting, so I, I always tried to be the mediator for everybody. You know, even when I was doing a beat with somebody who was beefing with somebody, I was like, listen bro, that's, that's foolishness. You know, put that down and let's get it. When like, did you always wanna be, did you always wanna be a producer? Well, did you always wanna be in the music?


So how did this come about? How did you get into the, and then it wasn't like you was just like any, you had some of the hottest rappers. Oh yeah. Wanes and the juvie and the hot. You had it all fresh. Yeah, So I started out as a dj and even Right. You know, I'm a dj. My dad was a dj, so what got to this was my dad. You know, I used to have to hook my dad's stuff up. I used to have to, my dad was a street dj, so, You know, like them holding the wall balls, right. What a DJ do. Like, You know, a DJ actually put you in a good mood. Like, You know, yes. If, if your bills do you going through something, it's the deepest job to make you feel good. Make You forget about That. Yeah. Forget about all of that. And You know, and that, that spirit just came on me to be Like, You know what, this is what I'm supposed to do.


Yeah. And so, out outside of Pops man growing up, who were some other musical influences and how did they shape you or shape the sound? Your sound was different from everybody else, You know? How did that, how did the sound develop you as a producer? Growing up in New Orleans, bro, it was music all over, You know, everywhere. Everywhere you went there was, You know, there was somebody playing something. So I just kind of put all of that together. And the way I called, what I do is gumbo. I took elements from West Coast, You know what I'm saying, down south and, and just made something that was mine. So, You know, you just take a whole bunch of ingredients from everywhere. You know, when we was early New Orleans, You know, in the eighties we liked West Coast and East Coast songs.


We didn't have our sound yet. So, You know, and then Miami Base came and then we felt like the 8 0 8 is our sound. The eighth street was definitely down south, You know? And I was like, okay. And I was like, lemme take a little bit of this east coast, little bit of this West coast and mix it with some of this Luke, You know what I'm saying? Good recipe. Yeah. Hey, right now I'm wanna think about the current state of New Orleans sports. You know, your pelicans, your saints. Yeah. How do you feel about the current state of sports in New Orleans and what do you think the, what is the vibe like? Obviously during, during the season, I'm not able to be there. I was there for Super Bowl. Yeah. Unbelievable. That's my second home. You hear me? Yeah. So what do you, what do you, why do you feel right now, one of the, as far as especially the Saints?


Yeah, So one of the things, You know, let, let's just say New Orleans is, let's just say it. New Orleans is a party city, so it's got hard on the athlete. You know what I, Okay, Okay, okay. There's a city where, You know, it never shuts down. Like, You know, so when you come there, you gotta come there with the, You know, like you, you gotta be focused because you could easily get caught up into nothing. Clothes, nobody ain't gonna tell you put that drink down, You know what I'm saying? And if you athletes And you hanging out with rappers, it's just not going vibe. It ain't going go right. You feel me? So, yes, that's one of the things we gotta fix. Like, You know what I'm saying? We ain't gonna see no names, but we got a little bit of, we got a little bit of partying going on right now.


Right? So, okay. So we, if we fix that, you're gonna see an improvement in all in our teams, bro. Okay. Mandy, when you look at it, you look at BG juvie, the hot boys, Lil Wayne, big timers. When, how soon did You know that? You know what? That youngest one, the smallest one? Yeah, he gonna be him. Oh, bro. Wayne was the first one there, the last one to leave. So, You know, when you, when you, when you, and it was times where his mom might have took him out the group because he had bad grades or whatever, and immediately he, he improved, You know? Wow. Because it was something that he was like, I gotta figure this out. Like, You know, and he would beg his mom forever to, to get back into it.


But just like I said, he, and, and he knew, like, take for instance, back that ass up, Wayne knew to hang around for that song to get the last part of it, to do that. After you back it up, then stop, then what, what, what? He was just like, nah, just this one of them, You know what I'm saying? And you get that from hanging around to be like, I'm gonna hang around because I feel like this is one of those songs. Right. You know? So we couldn't get rid of him when we was doing that song. What about the, the bling bling? How did he come up with the bling bling? It was, it was always a line that was used in a song, You know, like he, he would, And I was like, that's kind of clever, You know? And I always thought like, it, it was something that stood out about it.


It was something about, You know, it was, it, it was bling that, You know, Wayne was the first person that I heard to say bling, no doubt. Right. You know what I'm saying? But it was something clever about it. So I, I just had, I don't know, like something just woke me up and was just like, bling bling every time I come around your city. Bling bling. You know it. Yeah. When I wrote the hook, I was like, it's something special about this pink Ring worth about 50. Yeah. I was like, something, something special about bling. Yeah. You know,


buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more, all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying, your first home, managing home ownership task, or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address. rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction, and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap under age sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


I I like it. And listen, you also, you also shared a very, very, very interesting story coming up with the hook for Baja Mans who led the dogs out, but not Steven Credit can tell us how the hook Wasn't out, wasn't supposed to get credit because I was just joking around. You see? Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. I was at Circle House, You know, and there's some people but that's, that's not here. That's not here. Yeah. I was at Circle House, You know, when that happened, You know, I was with Be and them Like, You know what I'm saying? And somebody just said like, Hey bro, do you want, well, one of the dudes from the who, the the guys who own Circle House in a circle. Yeah. Right. So one of them was just like, Hey bro, we got somebody in the studio if you wanna work with them. Like, You know what I'm saying? They working on something And I just mentioned, You know what I'm saying, something in playing Like, You know, 'cause I think I was doing Still Fly at the time And I was like, Hey, how about if y'all try this?


You know what I'm saying? I'm hitting the beat going boom, boom, boom. Ooh, that the, You know what I'm saying? It was like, oh, we good. I was like, yeah, don't worry about it. You know? And it was one of them songs where you hear And you just like, damn, I remember that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know? So in real life, I'm not supposed to get credit, it was me helping out. Okay. But it's one of them moments where you say like, I, I never thought that song would've been that big, You know? Right, right. And it turned out to be something You Hey, took off. Yeah. Took off. Man, if I, if I, if I put you under the, if I put you under this gun And I say, Mandy, gimme your five best beats, what are they? Damn, that's tough, bro.


Yeah. I never even thought about it like that. Like, You know what I'm saying? I, I'm gonna say, let's, let's go from five to one, Like, You know Okay. Saying I'll start with probably go dj, You know what I'm saying? Go Dj, go dj, dj. I'll start dj, I'll go from go DJ to probably Dang man. Get your roll on. Yep. Okay. I'll go, I'll go to get your roll on from there. I'll go to from get your roll on. Let me see. I was man, them Anthems ti I top back, I let my Beat down low down.


Yeah. You know what I, I early Then where I'm at. Damn, I got two more. Yep. Yeah. 400 degrees and back that ass up. Oh, that's classic, classic, classic. Yeah. Hey, listen, how did you get leaked up with Birdman and Cash Money? Through me DJing in the club. Okay. I had a, a mutual friend that was like, Hey dude, some dudes are starting a, a label, right? And I was like, I know of them because I DJ'ed all over New Orleans. So when, when, when we met, I was like, Hey bro, I, I heard they had a, they had a record out already, but it was something that was kind of, I was like, that ain't it bro.


You know, I started out with that. I was like, that ain't it. Right? So I was, but if we gonna do this, we going, You know, I'm like, we gonna do it for real? 'cause I'm like, I'm, I'm all in. I'm, so we, we finally got to a point where they was like, okay, You know, we, we going to get out the streets And we gonna do it the right way, You know? And when they made that decision, we start making bounce records and cash money. The first generation of it was bounce torque records, You know, often to rap. BG was the first album that I did. Chopper City was like a rap album. And that, that changed the whole label that changed it to, okay, now it's, it's, it's strictly rapping it's own. Wow. And I see the whip behind you. What you got, what you got sitting on?


What you got sitting behind you? Oh man, I'm, I'm, this is my garage. I, I got a couple of Rory's right here. What? Yeah, man, I, I gets down for, to Get down. No, I, no waste. Hey, yeah. Let Pan down. Okay. If that a M three, that white, is that a M three BMW? Listen What you call, lemme bring you over here, man. Come on. Lemme bring you Over here. This, this is a clown shoot. A Z three. Okay. A Z three. No, the white one. The one you passed. What's the one you passed? Yeah. Nissan two 40. Okay. Two 40. Okay. The Furious. Okay. The M three, that's a, so what, what is this? What, what's that right there? This right here is a Acura NSX.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I remember them right here. You got a Corvette six. Okay. That window. This is six, seven. Okay. Three is The split window. You Got a Yes, y'all mustang up here. Okay. Got a elephant sitting up Thereselves. This is a 9, 9 3 Porsche. Okay. And you got the, the Rry right there up. You got another one up there? You got a another one back here? Damn. Hey, what's that green? Is that a Porsche? Nice. Yeah, that's a Porsche.


Yeah. You got the rover truck right there? Okay, daddy, you gotta have that Rob. Yeah, you, hey you, so you got a combination, you like kind of old and the new? Yeah, I like a little bit of everything, bro. Okay. Right, Right. Like that. I like that man. Damn man. You, you, Hey, hey. Can you choke your boy? I want a DJ let you hook the bar baby like that. I've Been hustling for a long time. Well, let, lemme ask you this, Mandy, who haven't you worked with that you would love to work with? They dead, bro. Marvin. Oh really? You said Mar Gaye. Hey, all My favorite artists is kind of outta here already, You know?


Right. It not man j Cole. Let, let, let me, let me, let me say, yeah, it ain't too many people that I haven't worked with. You know, I'm, I'm an old spirit. Really. You can gimme cha of kind. I'm gonna be all Good one. If, If if, if I didn't work with 'em, they, they took something, they sampled the music, You know, borrowed the music. Right, right. One way or another. And I'm very grateful that it's like 27 years later and the world is still, You know, jamming these records. Mandy, did you ever think that when you start, when you was DJing, you follow your dad around to those old, we call 'em Jook joints, holding walls?


Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever think that following your dad around and hooking his equipment up And you starting on your own, that it would take you to where you are now? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, bro, I, I, I'm somebody who I believe in saying it, You know, the power of words. I've always yes it till it, it got on a lot of people nerves that, You know, You know when, when you got somebody you could write something on your refrigerator and they like, that will never happen. Like, You know, write down that, You know what, I'm gonna have a million dollars and they like take that, take that off, You know? And I'm like, that shit right there. I need to, I need to see that every day. I need Yes. You know what I'm saying? I need to, I need to keep on. But I was that person still, it still that person feel for me is tell me what I can't do and I'm gonna prove you're Wrong.


Mm. I like that yesterday man. If somebody ask us, which would be, which would look more awkward. Me with a beard or ocho with a full head of hair. Both. Chicken. Both. Hey, That Why y'all got twist y'all? Why Y got twist o your head. That's you old joke girl. Hey I look, I look normal though. Yeah. Yeah. He Do look normal bro. You Gimme that sp as beer. That's what I wanna do. You Look like Old Spice commercial.


Ready let, yeah. Hey they got with that sp as beard that you True dude. For the Old Spice commercial. It don't connect, it don't connect to the goatee halfway on my face. Come on man. Y'all did me wrong. Hey That that, that's funny. My band look like I got the man. See y'all still look the same with a head with a forehead Air, Man. So what we got coming up? You got any, you got any projects that work? You got something? Yeah, We on tour, You know what I'm saying? The Hot Boys is on tour, so You know, look for us to come to your city soon, You know, and, and, and the cool thing is I think we've done maybe five shows and all five we've sold out, all the stadiums still selling out.


Wow. And there's no opening act, none of that. It's just us. So like I said, I think we got maybe 20 more dates to do And I, I, I foresee like we probably gonna do 20 more after that. So You know. Wow. We on tour right now doing it. Big Man. The biggest superstar in your city right now is Zion Williamson. He seemingly got his weight down. They say he's like 2 64, which is as light as he's been since he's been there. What advice, if you could, if you had an opportunity to sit down And I don't know if you have, maybe you have, but if you had an opportunity to sit down with Zion, what's some of the advice you would give Him? Leave them beignets alone little bro.


But it's hard. Amen. It is hard to eat healthy in New Orleans. That's because like you said, got Gumbo, you got Poboy, you got Tu Faith. That's way I'm trying to, you got Boudan Destroys athletes bro. Yeah. That's tough. That's a tough one. Hey man, it man, thanks for joining us man. We appreciate it. For sure. Thank you for all the beats. 'cause like you said, you think we gave you five but you got 25 bro. And you got Anthems. They're not just beat, they are anthems. And anytime somebody pop those on the club going get hyped. Thank y'all Gonna get Hyped. Thank y'all for having me bro. Appreciate It. I appreciate it bro. All the best. Thank You'all brother. Appreciate it Man.


Fresh man. Man. Hey, I probably need to start DJing don't you? I ain't got no garage like that. Huh? My garage got two cars in it. A red old ran smoke and an old BMW. He got some stuff bro. He playing. He ain't Got, I ain't got nothing. I ain't gonna lie to you man. I ain't got nothing stuff On it. Just do it like I'm doing it. Hey, keep it to yourself. You, you don't never see it on Instagram. Oh hell no. Sure. Keep it to yourself. Hey, you, you put anything you put on Instagram, they gonna try to come get it. Hey Bro. There you go. So goodnight to y'all bro. See y'all. All right. Appreciate Patty. Have a good one bro.


All Right bro. I'm gonna tell you why I got good energy, okay? Not only did I take a nap before I took a nap, even though I don't have a partner here, You know, I had to find out what, how these things work. Y'all. He on this spot. Hey listen, I put, hey, I put one under in my tongue, right? Yeah. I put one in my tongue 'cause I just wanna see what it would do for me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My body would react to it. Now when I order my Sparks now I, I went through, I went through everything they said step by step And I got a prescribe based on what I like, based on the questions I had to ask. Yeah. And it did wonders and it did wonders. And I ain't even had nobody with me. Yeah. So I'm on one of the sparks just for the show.


That's why I'm talking so fast. And I'm so excited and enthusiastic right now and very passionate about what we finna do. Ain gonna lie to you and I'm telling you. Huh? Y'all got, y'all got into Crooked Bridges in Florida. Nah Man, Ocho, I had one in my pocket right. And I leaned over there and dropped it in the water. Yeah. Bridge straight out. I ain't gonna lie to you. I swear. I swear, I swear. Did the brand straightened out just like I said Hey, I thought the big was like wind it straighten it out.


That's my guy right there. Number 85, the round run. Extraordinary. The Bing A Ring of Fame artery. The Pro bowler, the all pro, that's Chad Ocho Seco Johnson since you took it there, Rose Sparks dissolves under your tongue for faster results. And by results, I mean, You know what I'm saying, A mean one plus they last up to 36 hours. So that means you get turned on And you compete Repeat at repeat three, repeat if necessary. Find out if a prescription Rose Marks are right for you at row.co/ Nightcap.


And You know, and You know how the rappers, You know how the rappers always spread money spread, Spread they bread out like that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna spread, I'm gonna spread the roll out. I'm gonna spread the roll out. Yeah, Let's Go. Hey, Somebody, some, somebody, somebody's daughter in trouble. I don't know who. Yeah, yeah. Yes sir. Yeah. Somebody goes, Hey man, y'all better stay away wrong with Joe. Your rear ain't gonna need a line. Get Say stay away from it. Back the Liberty Flames got blown out in the first round of the 2025 NCA tournament by the Oregon Ducks. Unfortunately Liberty head coach Richie McKay, that might not have been the worst part of the night.


McKay was interviewed on the sideline by one of the reporters on the broadcast. Ocho take a look at this photo. Yeah bro. Does he not know that? We know that. That's spray. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey let, hey let young bull live his life man. That's that good Beijing, you hear me? But o ocho but you, if you notice, you can't do, you got, first of all, he got, you gotta, you gotta cut it down some because you can't have that much hair and didn't have that because every, he got that thing looking like Carlos Boozer. Hey Chad, y'all remember Carlos Boozer went out there and had that thing slicked down, Had had a nice little beard. Hey, hey, maybe, maybe he didn't realize it and maybe 'cause the light, you see the light shining on his forehead.


Maybe it's the light from the camera that's that making it look worse than what it really is. So if the light, I'm Glad it got blown out because you can you imagine had it not got blown out and this is a closed game Right? And you starting to sweat Ooh Bad. A Baptist ministers, them baptist minister be up there in that pulpit and they got that Beijing. Yeah. Start gripping down. Yeah. Hey Don't do him like that. Huh? Don't do Man. I'm just telling. Hey Chad, Chad. Know what I'm talking about. They man, he wrong for that, don't you? You can't go out there like, like we, we now, You know what our, our counterparts might even say nothing but I Gary, every black person that watch that Yeah. Has something to say Always.


You know, we ain't gonna let nothing man listen, we ain't gonna let nothing slide. Especially nothing like that. Listen on national television. Oh no. Unc like he got that good Beijing. Yeah. Oh. And you might not, you see him in church, you ain't gonna say nothing to church, but soon as you get off church ground, you see, you hear it just here. I dunno what he thought that was. Oh. Oh no you can't Now you Hey Ocho. Yeah. You see that when you start getting them colic And you might as well go ahead and cut it down. It's just a matter of time. Just Let it go. Yeah. He got them te tops. That's them te tops. You know back in the day you didn't have the the convert em, you had the te tops. Right. And like the Camaro. The Camaro. Yeah. Yeah. You go, that's exactly right.


That's c Nah man. Hey and he just ocho why he just put it, he should went in and just put it all over. You can't, it's to home. Yeah. He got his regular hair and then this thing hit Jet black. Well listen, maybe it maybe it, he fucked up. What if it didn't start off that way? Maybe. How about it, maybe it got like that at the beginning of the game. It wasn't like that stress, sweating. And that's, that was the outcome of it. No, if it'd been, if he, if that game had been closing, he started sweating that Thingd been all down his forehead, he'd start, Hey, you remember how Rudy, Hey y'all remember Rudy, Rudy Giuliani, you remember how him started, how he started sweating?


'cause he had that wrist in there. Right, right, right. And he started sweating. That thing was all over his face. That's exactly what would've happened to him. Because that's that spray that ain't that Beijing I got, I got that color that, You know, I ain't got that rinse here 'cause here ain't gonna sweat. But he got that spray, that spray you get hard and start sweating. Nah, that's gonna start coming down your face. Wait, hold on Now you just said something. I, you said something YI ain't gonna let that go back. You say you got the Beijing too? I sure do. For real? Yep. Okay, okay. I like that. I I like that. I, I like that Ain't, but first of all, there a lot of people got it. You ain't about to be 50. First of all, I'm not Pakistani, I'm not in Indian of the set, so my hair ain't gonna be jet black. Ain't no damn 50.


Right. And I ain't the only one. There are a lot of more fo hold, there's a lot of more phones on television. Right. Y'all must be thinking, come on now. Hold on, Hold on. This is what you need to do. Now this might be one of the reasons why you ain't been able to find you somebody, somebody actually won't. Now, if you in your fifties, You know women love a little salt and pimple. So you, you might, you could stop, Let stop. They can put it on their salad, but it damn sure ain't gonna be in my head. You better put it on your plate. Your food. Every, every, every chance I get, I'm going to Joe. Ain't color the thing up Joe, color it up. Hey, you, you don't wanna, you don't wanna just, you don't wanna let the all what it think about how, think about how you look though with the all gray.


Nah, I don't have the all gray. No. Okay, okay. I listen, I'm just throwing somebody there just to, just to give 'em a different look. Give, give the women a different perspective of you. That's all. I, I mean, hey, the chat has seen me. I I ain't trying to fool nobody. I mean, y'all seen me a couple of times when I can't get back home or get it colored. Right. Hey, I got that great coming in. I mean, I don't know what it is. Right. You damn edges. Hey unc, I'm telling you, you should try it one time. Hey, somebody, somebody used AI or something and, and change unc hair under the and braid. Yeah. I I just wanna see how it look. You, you might like it man. Women love a little salt and pepper now You know that, that just let them know that you seasoned. I Am. Hey look, I fit yourself Mocho.


Yeah. So, But I, I don't know. Now you can't do that though. I mean, like I said, hey, if he'd had it all one color, if he'd had it all that we, we'd have still know we probably wouldn't have noticed it as much. Right, right. But like a lot of times they do that spray, they have the edge edges crispy. So what they do, they use that spray to get them edges crispy. Right. So it's a little darker than the rest of the head of the hair, but that's too much. You got that thing looking like shoe polish. Hey, I don't know if you ever shine shoes on your, but my grandpa used to have me and my brother shine his shoes And we had to shine our own shoes. So I don't know if y'all noticed about that shoe polish, but hey.


Oh man, that's funny. That's funny though. That is funny. The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 With the best prices on the best cigars need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When It's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Eczema isn't always obvious, but it's real. And so is the relief from EB Gliss. After an initial dosing phase of 16 weeks, about four in 10 people taking EB GLIs achieved itch relief and clear or almost clear skin. And most of those people maintain skin that's still more clear at one year with monthly dosing. EB Gliss Lebrikizumab, L-B-K-Z-A 250 milligram per two milliliter injection is a prescription medicine used to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older who weigh at least 88 pounds or 40 kilograms with moderate to severe eczema. Also called atopic dermatitis That is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin or topicals or who cannot use topical therapies. Gls can be used with or without topical corticosteroids don't use. If you're allergic to epli, allergic reactions can occur. That can be severe. Eye problems can occur. Tell your doctor if you have new or worsening eye problems. You should not receive a live vaccine when treated with epli. Before starting epli, tell your doctor if you have a parasitic infection searching for Real relief. Ask your doctor about EPLI and visit epli.lilly.com or call one 800 Lilly Rx or 1-800-545-FIVE 9 7 9.