
It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that. With the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's know's home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same Day, valid on eligible in stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


Hey There, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blind Side in Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter. Moore at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Yes, yes. That is our new Intro, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. We hope you liked it. I am your favorite dog, Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. 85. He's a bingle legend. The ring of Fame honoree. Liberty City is on the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber matters. We thank you for helping us matter because you definitely matter. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock.


We're tr hoping to be in 14 to 16 states at the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or sitting near you because we have it in stock, you can order it and it's only gonna be two to five days. We'll ship it right to your location. Thank you for your support. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms that she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We're responsible. Responsible for these, these teeth I was held when I was well and the Nightcap hoodie that OCHO is absolutely worried tonight. Again, UNC and OCHO teeth are back in stock. I repeat the UNC and OCHO tees are back in stock. I think we're gonna drop these on on Friday. We're gonna drop the new merch on Friday.


People have begun receiving their orders. Thank you guys for posting them. We really appreciate. Sorry for the delay, but we had such a backlog in order and we wanted to make sure we got all the orders out in a timely manner. So we greatly, greatly appreciate your support. The Ravens roll over the books. 41 31 Lamar Jackson, 17 of 22 2 81 5 touchdown. This is his third game, if I'm not mistaken, with at least five touchdowns and 50 rushing yards. Derrick Henry, again ran wild 15, carries a buck 69. He did have a receiving touchdowns. The Ravens on tonight 30 carries 244 rush yards.


They ran the ball again. Baker Mayfield. It was those two s that really hurt his team because he was playing extremely well early. And it seems like when Mike, Mike Evans went out Ocho he started his struggle. He got it together late, but it was a little bit too late, late 31 or 45, 3 73 touchdowns, two ints. He was sacked three times. But the story was the was of the night was that dynamic duo from the Baltimore Ravens, Lamar Jackson and King Henry again. You see what they did. Ocho? Yes sir. You know your boy I might coach. Hey listen, I might go into coach you Ocho Hey you, You, you said it first. What does he do best? What did he do when he was at Tennessee? How is he efficient?


All those years that he dominated a league where he was considered the best running back. Go back and look at him at Alabama. Affirmation. What was he at Alabama with you? Iba Iba. Go back and look at him at Yulee. Yes sir. Iba, he got the most rushing. He has the most rushing yards in the history of high school football. Yeah. Over 12,000. Yeah, That's I back, that's what he is. Yeah. And they put him in the I back and Lamar Jackson was sensational. He was 17 or 22, but if I'm not mistaken, I think he had one drop Ricard drop one early in late in the second half. But they were sensational. Yeah. And once they got a beat on, on on Baker.


Yeah. Once he started they got Lamar. Marlon Humphrey had two great interceptions. Yeah. Well the first one, I don't even know what Bakker saw on that first interception. No, Chuck. Right, right. He hit, he hit Marlon Humphrey between the four and the four. Yeah. But that second one, Marlon baed him. Yeah, because he like k do. And he was like, you know what, even if you th the K do, I'm gonna come up and tackle him before we get to the first down. Right. So let me keep drifting. And Baker tried to look like he looking at K ton, try to throw it over the top. And Marlon made it a heck of an interception. Great play. So the Baltimore Ravens, they look really good offensively Ocho, they got no weakness. Nah, not at all. And this, this is the problem. Excuse me. This is the problem.


When you look at the Ravens, you look, you look at the landscape of the NFL and you look at the teams that they're going to play, or they might have to see in the playoffs who's built Chad, y'all stay with me since I don't have to take off. What teams at the NFL are built to be able to stop the Baltimore Ravens? Think about it. Who, what team that, what team do we have? What team out there right now that has the, the defensive line that's stout enough to stop the run and then has the secondary to be able to deal with Lamar Jackson? I mean, nobody, everything I'm seeing, everything I'm seeing from the Ravens right now, it's, it, it's, it's shocking to me. I didn't expect Derrick Henry to make this kind of impact on that offense as fast as he did this goddamn soon.


So what, what what he, what they've done so far is scary. Obviously some people might argue and say, you know, Detroit, the Detroit Lions might be the best offense in the league. And if Detroit is the best offense in the league, that means Baltimore is a, is a close. If Detroit is one A, then goddamn Baltimore has to be one B because I don't see anyone being able to stop. I'm thinking coming to the game, ve in that frontline, obviously the BI mean the Tampa Bay frontline would be, would have success being able to stop the Ravens run. They would have some type of success. Nah, it ain't happen. It ain't happen. They did everything they wanted to do the entirety of the game and they were able to throw the ball when they wanted to. So the Ravens looked unbelievably scary.


Well, you know, you left for a little bit. I I was, yeah, I was telling the chat. If you look at the landscape of the NFL from a defensive, a defensive standpoint and perspective, what team is out there outside the other, the other 31 teams that in a good way to be able to stop the Baltimore Ravens for one to stop the run and deal with Lamar Jackson and King Henry, let alone stop the goddamn pass. Yeah. In order for you to stop the run, you gotta be able to stop it with seven. Because if you don't, if you put more than seven, now you're compromised your back end. Bingo. Now you're asking, Hey bud, what, Who that, who that who, who, who, Lemme Jump jump on camera.


The floor slick. He's, he's so at, we're at a new location. So he don't remember anything. He don't know anything about this place. Right, right, right. But Ocho I was look, I I what we were talking about Yeah. Is that when you look at the Baltimore Ravens, in order to be able to have success against this offense Right. You gotta be able to stop the run with seven because if you compromise your back end, za flowers didn't play a whole lot because he got nicked and so he really didn't play. Yeah. Rashad Bateman picked up the slack four catches for a buck 21 in a touchdown. Mark Andrews four for 41, 2 touchdowns. Hill had three catches, 44 yards and a touchdown. Derrick Henry caught a touchdown. Yeah.


And so that's what ma I mean, on 17, on 17 completions he had 281 yards and five touchdowns. You know how, 'cause you gotta play a lot. And he's so dynamic because you gotta focus on we gotta keep him in the pocket. Yeah. Okay. Now you focus on keeping him in the pocket and you can't rush like you want to want to because you're so afraid of running past him. Right. And he jumps out the window and take off and Gone And gone. Yeah. Every time and gone. And, and that's, that's what makes it so hard. And so if they're playing like this, if they're not turning the ball, if they had that one little snafu or Lamar threw the lateral and the guy picked it up, but other than that, they played a clean game. They, they're five and oh, since they got off to the slow start of oh and two.


And if you look at the schedule, I think they got Pittsburgh on the schedule. They got Cincinnati on the schedule. I think they got Cleveland next week. If I'm not mistaken, I don't wanna get ahead of myself. That's, I think they got Cleveland next week Ocho that, That, that's another win. Go ahead. Yeah. But when you look at what they have on the ri on the horizon, it's gonna be interesting to see how the Steelers Yeah. Because Steelers have a defense. They feel they can stop the run with their bru seven Yeah. Without sacrificing their back end. But it's gonna be interesting. Yeah. They've never had to face this Ravens team with this type of running attack. No. Led by Derrick Henry. Yeah. That's what's different now. They've always been able to run the football. Yeah. But Derrick Henry is a different kind of animal.


Well, he's the same animal, he's just a different beast. So that's what they're up against. So it's gonna be very interesting to see how the Steelers deal with this. They got, I think in three weeks they got Cincinnati again down coming down the pike. Right. So it's gonna be very interesting. But you're gonna have to be specially Yeah. You're gonna have to be sound. Yeah. You're gonna have to pay, you're gonna have to have gap integrity, and you're gonna have to play your responsibility. Yeah. Well you, you know what, when I think about it, if they do have the Steelers coming up, the Steelers have a, a great front line obviously. Yes. Bert, they got TJ Watt. They got Ogan. Yeah. High Smith on the other side as well. Yep. And then when you look at the, the secondary Beanie Bishop is coming off a a two A two interception game.


Yep. Junior quarter. Junior is is good. So to me the the threat isn't, isn't really at the receiver position. They are, they are threats. Obviously when it's time for, for Lamar to throw as good as he's gotten, as far as his pocket presence and being able to deliver the ball. But that goddamn king Henry man, Different, different Man. You know, like you can't rush. Can TJ Watt really rush up the field and lose pain like he wants to or just No. Like everything has to change when you play the Ravens. Yes. On, on on, on some of the things you like to do or some of the things that you're good at. So I'm, I mean I, I have no idea how Mike Tomlin and that defense is going to be to be able to defend them when, if you can't stop the run.


Well hell Lamar now, not only can he beat you with his legs, he beat you with his goddamn arm too. Yep. Yep. It's like it's pick your poison how you want. It's, you wanna fast or you want it slow. Either way he finna kill you. Raven's gotta do a better job in past coverage. They give up a lot of yardage Ocho. And the thing is, is that you, you know, Mike Evans went out. Yeah. He dropped a touchdown. They ended up selling for three. Yeah. Now he tweaked that hamstring. That's the thing that concerns me about the Ravens is their pass defense. Yeah. I like Marlon Humphrey, but that slot guy and Steven on the outside.


Yeah, you could have them, you could have, you could have your way with 'em Mocha. Right, right. You can have your way with 'em. They do a good job of attacking the quarterback. Mad weak way. Cal van. Oy, I think, what's the other guy's name? What's his name? Oe Owie. OWEH. How you pronounce that? Oe. But Kyle Van Oy has found a resurgence. He's been playing Unbelievable. Yeah. And, and, and he provides consistent pressure. They do a great job. I mean they do. Okay. I mean, I'm surprised that Tampa ran ball as well as they did 30 rushes for 125 yards.


Especially early ocho. They was getting some, they was getting some gases early. Some Gases. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Definitely. That Raven Defense is good. That, that, that front, that front four ain't the same as the front four during our day. No, it ain't the same. They're good. They're not great. Right. Right. Their are, their team is built around that offense. Putting pressure on you Yeah. And making you one dimensional. Yeah. And we can defend, let's defend one aspect of your team. Okay. Passing game. That's what we want. We wanna shut your rundown because we figure we get enough ahead of you. And that's what happened to Tampa tonight. Yeah. They score 34 or an answer. Well, if I get down and get, get that, get get you down 34 to 10. Right. I ain't gotta worry about your run.


Right. You got, you ain't got no choice. You run the clock. I try to get back in the game. So that's the least of my concern. I'm gonna try to make you one dimensional and then I can tee off on that. On, on that dimension. We saw late in the ball game, the buck lost their two top wide receivers. Mike Evans, man damn Hamstring. And then Chris Godwin was carted off the field. It's located with the leg and the implying the injury was severe normally. Yeah. When the air cast you Yeah. Something is broken or something is seriously, seriously injured. Yeah. He dislocated, he dislocated his ankle. Hopefully the MRI the results come back negative and it's, you know, it's not as, as serious as it appears.


Bo said God went and the starters went back in the game because they wanted to score touchdown on the onside kick again to tie the game. But, but you had already used your allotted onside kicks. Yes sir. You had already used your allotted onside kicks. So what's the li what's the likelihood of them scoring? What were they gonna need? They were gonna need 10 points in seconds. Yeah.


Now if there are 10 point touchdown, I don't know about, I mean that's, it's been a while since you and I both played and they do change the there forever. Changing the rules. Rules. Yeah. If there are 10 point play that we don't know about, we missed. Nah, it it's not, it's not, Sometimes you just say, you know what, a, they got the best of us tonight, let's go ahead and run the clock out. Right. That's the, and I get it on both sides. Ocho, you saw Derrick Henry, you and I wanted Derrick Henry to go get that, that two yards, three yards to get 200. But you put him out there and he gets Nick, everybody gonna say what bonehead ass coach Still got him in the goddamn game, Still got him in the game in a meaningless ball game right now.


Todd Bowl's gonna get crucified. You already down Mike Evans, you're already down Mike Evans. Right. He grabbed that hamstring. Mm. Now you're down your two top receivers Yeah. In a game that you'd already lost. I get it. Well, we going play, we, we, we going play, we play from to the, to the, to the, the horn. Say zero to the whistle. Okay. That horn gonna hit zero and you gonna be up behind a lot of these games. Yes sir. If those guys don't come back. Yeah. Because there aren't very many teams that have two receivers.


Mike Evans has a, has 12,000 yards and a hundred touchdowns. Only six players have ever done that with one team. That's crazy. He's won of, I think he's won of six that's done it in the first 11 seasons of his career with a, with a hundred touchdowns. What? Nice. Not with the same people. Because you gotta look at Randy Moss. Randy, you gotta look at Marvin Harrison. Look at to Joe. You look at Jerry Rice, look at Mike. Every, I think it's about five. I think it's about five or six guys. Don't, Joe. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard. It's hard to do. Now you gotta be very, you gotta be very, very consistent. You have to be able to be healthy, be available, but it's hard to do.


The funny thing about it is when you do it the first time and they know it's coming the next year, it's that much more difficult to continue to do on top of each other. Back to back to back to back. Yeah. Back. Right. And they know you coming, you still get it done. You still get, He had some years, I mean, look, he had Jamus for a couple of years and you know, Jamus could throw the ball. Oh yeah. But he was just tur turn over pro. You can't win with Ocho. You can't throw 30 interceptions. I don't care what type of number you put up, he threw for 5,000 yards. Yards. Yeah. That, that, that, that's 30, 30 and 30 years Ocho that 30 and 30. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yes. He was slinging that bitch boy. Yeah. To both teams.


That's the problem. You have absolutely right. Ojo. He was slinging it to both teams. That was the problem that he had. Yeah. And so I just hope, I hope Mike Evans can get back soon. It seems to me that he has the least of the serious injuries between the two wide outs. Chris Godwin, it did not look good. Prayers up to Chris Godwin and his family. Hopefully the, like I said, the X-rays come back negative and everything works out. But it did not look good. And Todd Bold's got, this is not the end of it. He's gonna have some explaining to do to the, to the owner, the Glazer family. Yeah.


Because there's a chance, there's a chance that, you know, hey, you are neck and neck with Atlanta. Atlanta is three and oh in the division. Yeah. They, they playing some good ball now. Well, the the buck playing some good ball too, you know, but you have to look at the opponent they played tonight, you know. Yeah. The buck was David. I mean, no, actually the Bucks was Goliath. Just, just, just to stay, stay in context with the story. And the goddamn ravens was David. I think the Ravens were favorite. Was the Ravens favorite or the buck? Of course the Ravens were Ocho. Of Course, Of course. That's what I'm saying. You can't be favored to be David remember in The, in the story David beat Goliath.


Yes. But, but Goliath was supposed to beat David. The Ravens in this situation were favored to win the game. Right. Okay. The bucks were the underdogs at home. Okay. My bad. I Get what you trying. Yeah. You get what I'm trying to say? Yeah. Yeah. Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry ain't gonna be David. I'm sorry Ocho. Alright. We we gonna, we gonna change it up for the sake of the teams then? Yeah. All right. They were the, well that swallowed Jonah. How about that? Okay. Okay. We'll go with that one. We'll go with that one. The Cardinals win 1715 on the game winning kick by Chad Ryland made a 32 yard field goal to secure the vigorous time.


Kyle Murr registered his 10th game with at least one passing and one rushing touchdown. Since the end of the league in 2019, only Josh Allen 11 has more such games. Ocho, I don't know how many times, and I don't sound like a broken record. Yeah. But I told you King and Fields go get your ass beat. Yeah. Now What did the charger do? Chargers kick five field goals. Five of them. The Cardinal scored two touchdown and one field goal. Boo. Yep. There, there. And walk up with the victory. Hey, that goddamn Kyle Murray boy, you see when he, when he scrambled boy and hit that sideline. Oh, he can run. Hey, listen, I knew he, I knew he could run. I ain't know he was that damn fast. Yeah. Oh yeah. He take a thousand steps every 10 yards.


I mean, his feet like cartoon, you know, you see the cartoons cartoon? Yeah. He scampering. Yeah. Yeah. But K Kyle Murray, k Murray was, he was dishing. He was dishing. This game wasn't e exciting to me. No. Obviously it wasn't exciting as a Ravens buck game, but, but it was good. It was good. It was good. Listen, the goddamn cardinal snapped. The sixth game Luton streak against a FC teams. Other than that, I mean, James, I, I don't wanna mess up the leg. James Connor. James James Connor. Despite the fumbles, everybody was peanut punching the knife for some reason. Not knocking, knocking the balls out. It, it was, it was a good game. It was a good game. The charger, the Chargers look, ah, for, for it to be a hardball run team.


Now they're, they're not as as good as I'd expect them be. Now obviously it's his first year. It's his first year. Yeah. But I'm, I'm sure at some point they will get going especially on, on the, on the defensive end. With that much talent. With that much talent that they, that he has at his disposal, you know, as, as, as a coach. I'm sure he'll get that defense going. I thought, I expect You see how, you see how the Minnesota Viking defense looks. Yeah. And they play or the de the Detroit Lion defense. Yes. That's what I expect the goddamn charges to look like. I ex I that, that's what I expect them to look like. That's too, they got too, there's too much over there.


It's too much. I think if they were on any other team, you take, you know, those players and put 'em on any other team. It's, it's is is different. Yeah. They got all pro players in Durwin James. They got pro, they got all pro, they got a defensive player of the year. And Khalil Mack, they got a a a a Rookie of the Year and a Pro Bowl player, an all pro player. And Joey Bosa, they got talent on that side of football. Asante Samuel Jr. It is just for whatever reason, but you offense, look at Justin Herbert 27 or 39, 3 49. Shit. But you saw, what's this guy?


Jalen Reer? Yeah. About to score, get the ball punched out. Touchback. I thought his on that play. I thought his foot was out, but it was close. Yeah, yeah. It was, it was close. And you know, he, he didn't feel him, because normally you try to, when you catch the ball Ocho, you always try to put the ball closest to the sideline. Right. So therefore, if it's punch, it goes out of bound, it goes outta bound. Sometimes you get an unlucky bounce and you know, you, you got it in that arm and it goes behind you and it stays in bounds. Yes sir. But more times than not, if you got the arm, if the ball is into the arm that's closer to the sideline, normally you get a favorable bounce. Yeah. But the charges, I, I mean I thought they'd run the ball a little better than what they did.


22 Russians, 59 yards, not nearly good enough. That's a lot of pressure on your offensive line to have Justin Herbert drop back 39 times. He was dealing, he was dealing, but you set up for field goals. Yeah. And Arizona didn't do much, but when they got close, they punched the ball into the end zone. Yes sir. And they end up winning the ball game. So the Cardinals now's the cards record. Oh. Charges are three and three. The Cardinals are three and four. Somebody already had a buy. I guess the cards are, I mean the Chargers.


But they been on their buy already. No. Oh. Because I mean, everybody else has played seven games. The Cardinal, the Chargers have only played three, I mean six, excuse me. So they've had to be on a buy at some point. Well, they got a long way to go, boy. Yeah, man, Jesus. It,


it's now it's time OCHO op. Yeah. And now it's time for op and opera presented by op, a new kind of soda. Now I am gonna be up all night going to the bathroom. It tastes great. Less than five grams of sugar. And obviously my favorite pla flavor is Ginger Ale. I love Ginger Ale. It's really the only soda that I drink. And now that I have something that's good for my gut makes it even better.


What we popping off with tonight? What's Ali popping off today is Bill Belichick. Bill Belichick did not take county to j Gerard May calling some of his former players. Soft Bill went on Bill McAfee show and said, you know, defensively the Patriots led the league in, in rushing last in rushing defense. And this year they're way down to 20. It's some of the same guys. It kind of, it kind of hurt for those guys to call them soft. They're not soft. They were the best team in the league against the run. Is that why y'all had the third pick in the draft this year? Uhoh? Oh, hold on, hold on. Jumping before you after that Uhoh. I feel bad for the players defensively on that one because that's a tough group. Lemme ask you this Ocho. Yes sir.


Do you ever think Coach Belichick has ever called a team soft? Nah, that's not the way he talks. It's not in, it is not in his DNA. He does call him soft. He had never say it publicly. Okay, Because here's the thing. Yes sir. Be because if he called him soft, who selected those soft players? Coach Belichick that said it. Exactly. So nah, you ain't call him soft. We the league rush defense. Yeah, that's because everybody, why am gonna run the ball when I throw the ball over your head all, all night long? Hey Ocho, I don't need to break in your window if the front door is open. That's a good one. Hey, why am I doing ocho?


That's one. Why would I break a window when the front door is open? He may coach Belichick. I look, I think Coach Belichick is the greatest coach in NFL history. Absolutely. But you had the third pick in the draft for a reason. Coach. Well, I mean the, the NEP quarterback play as well. But you Right. I mean they score, I mean that defense for them not to be fought. Somebody scored that defense. Yeah. Yeah. I Mean, how many games they win last year? Damn. I I, I forgot what it was last year. Now Whether, you wanna call him Saul? There was some, there were some questionable decisions on your part too.


Coach Belichick. Now remember you had Joe Judge and you had Matt Patricia calling plays for the first time because arrogance. Now I'm gonna take Gerard out. Look, I, I, I don't know Mayo, but all I know is this, the Jacksonville Jaguars ran the ball 16 straight times. Yeah. Not one, not two, not three, not four, not five. How many? Not 10, not 15. 16 straight times Straight.


Hell nah, Nah. Hey, maybe, maybe. But you have to understand Coach Belichick, everybody doesn't. I mean, okay, you didn't say some things publicly. Right. But You probably called you play, Hey, y'all played soft today. We played soft today. That's not like us. Gerard Mayo is not gonna do things like you did 'em. Yeah. It's different. That's okay. Completely Different. Should Two different coaching styles. That's what got everybody that came, everybody that came from the coaching tree. That's why, why they didn't have success. Because they tried to do it like you Coach Belichick, Charlie Weiss, Romeo or Josh McDaniel, at least Bill O'Brien did go to the playoffs.


Yeah. But that's why they didn't enjoy the level of success because they, Joe judge Matt, Patricia, I mean, at some point in time you gotta have somebody to have, I mean, three of the four have some success now. Right? Yeah. Look at Andy Reed's tree. Look at Kyle Shanahan's tree. Hey that sha that shanahan tree go crazy. So look, IIII get it. I mean look, I, it's hard. I mean he didn't call out any anybody by name. Yeah. But I mean, Mike would say we are soft. We're not physical enough offensively. I mean, when you say we're not physical enough offensively, that's same way of saying soft.


He talking to everybody on the offense. Everybody At All. Anybody that blocks. Yeah. You get caught up. It's not, and when people say soft offensively, he ain't just talking about the offensive line. Nah. Anybody that have that, that's on the offense. The, obviously the quarterback ain't doing no blocking. But the receivers, the running backs for Yes. We all a part of that and we took it. We take it personal. Personal. Yeah. Hey, you know, sometimes don't, y had me a pretty good game block, man. We were soft. Who? Hey singing your boy. You know, I don't wanna put myself part with a tee, but shows over the blocks I had.


Right, right, right. Man, I moving my man. Damn. Gimme my, gimme my bout the club. Yeah. I said the one time I have a good blocking game. We, we don't perform like we thought we should. Right. And damn, I can't give no credit. Yeah. Ocho Alright Ocho it is time for Newscap. Hold on, hold on, hold on. That. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that's me. That's me. That's me. Hey this girl. You see what I'm saying? Ojo? Yeah.


We, we, hey, we, we, hey, we do it big time. We get graphic. I like That. We got an Intro. I like that. I like that. I like that. The bumpy start to the career of Jameson Williams. Williams continues. He's facing a two game suspension for violating the NFL performance enhancing performance enhancing substance as the number 12 pick out of Alabama in 2022. He missed the first 11 game of his rookie Caesar due toward ACL that he tore in the championship game. Then he was suspended four games for violating the gambling policy. In year two. He was reinstated in 2023. He said he was disappointed with the current suspension, but he has no choice but to take it on the chin.


Huh? Now that you, you just, I ain't, I ain't know. I ain't know about this now. Wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. What? You have the chance of being sus suspended Yes. For PDs, But at that position, there's nothing you need to take as far as PD PDs that gives You recoverability a Competitive advantage. Recoverability. Oh, come on man. I don't know what he said. I'm just saying, I'm just, I I don't know what he took ocho, so I don't wanna say, but I'm just saying clearly there was something in his urine. Right. That, that dinged Fuck man.


Hey, they, hey he doing he man, young, young bull doing good right now too, man. Yes. That team in general, he's a, he's a very, very important part of that fixture man. Especially for that team offensively. He's gonna have to get out his own way though. Ocho Damn. He's gonna have to get out of his own way. Ocho You think he was taking something? You know what, I I, I ain't even making notes. I don't wanna speculate. Yeah, you gotta know. You gotta know what you're putting in your body though Because you are responsible for what goes into your body. Yeah. You gotta know what me, Ocho you know, Hey, I'm calling Greek. Hey Greek, what you think about this? Right. He's a sharp, he's like, Sharpie, let me get back to you. Yes sir. Until I get back to you. No, Don't take it. Right. Don't take it.


I remember when, you know, we used to, we used to take Ephedra and then all of a sudden they banned the fedra. Okay, you ain't gonna tell me right? You say can't take it. We ain't gonna take it. Gotta Find something else. We'll, we'll find it away. Hey, get your As hey, start working out earlier to lose those last couple of pounds or get on the treadmill or something. Right. I just, it's what? It's, don't you, but like they say you're responsible for what's, what's what you ingest. Yeah. And you know, now could it be some stuff that could have been contaminated? Yeah. We've seen things. Yeah. In the same batch. Yeah. Ho ho. Hopefully that's what it is. I, I hope, I hope that they get the issue resolved and, and they, they realize obviously it was something that, you know, was contaminated obviously that made the, the, the urine sample come back with the positive.


But you nor knowing the NFLI, I'm hoping they rectified the situation as soon as possible. I, I don't think, I don't think 'cause they take two samples. Yeah, they take two. Yeah. A a and a B. The A comes back positive. We test a BA maybe it was a false positive. Right. Right. But I I'm hoping that's the case. I hope so too. But he's gonna have to get out his own way. Yes Sir. You gonna have to get outta his own way. He's too good of a talent, you know, so like the, the ACL injury, we get that, that's, that, that, that's freakish. But the gambling policy, come on bro. Yeah. You Can't Do that. You know that, you know damn well you can't bet no football.


You, hey, go to the pony bet the ponies go to blackjack table or something. Williams 23 has the team has the team second most receiver yards 360 1 and touchdown behind Armand Ross site. Brown, brown. He's coming out a strong start in his third season playing extremely well. Barry, he got this, he's the guy that takes the top off the Coverage. Oh Yeah. He's the guy that a, he could hit a crease and hit his head on a goalpost. He has that kind of speed. Oh yeah. And so hopefully everything gets worked out. I'm, I'm sorry that he, that he is in this position, but you live and learn. He's young and just be more responsible young man.


You gonna be okay. It's not the end of the world. Miles Garrett is reportedly drawing trade interest after Cleveland Browns field of one in six on Sunday. Damn. According to Sports Illustrated, Albert Breer, opposing teams have checked on Garrett. I don't think they'll move Miles Garrett, but some phishing has taken place. Anyone can call Cleveland has already moved. One key contributor, six time pro bowler Amari Cooper approved Cooper was set to become a fridge. And at the end of the season, while Garrett still has two more years on his contract, he recorded at least 14 Saxons each of the past three seasons. Ocho should the Browns move on for Miles, Garrett, I mean, at one in six with his, with, with such a high caliber player, I think would be, it would be, it would be good, good for him at this point in his career to be on a contender, to be able to give a team and boast, to be able to bolster a defensive team that is, that is contending, you know, for a championship or a ring.


I think I, I think it would be a good move for him to be with a team that had the chance to win. So I would move him. He probably wouldn't come out and say it, but I'm sure that's something he would like a fresh start and hell look, you know, a chance to make you with a ring or make a make a make a run in the playoffs really far. I would move him. But where, that's the question. Because you know, What's the best package, what's the best package I could get? You know, they need a D in over there in Detroit, you've said Max Crosby, what if, what if, what if la what if LA don't wanna let Max Crosby go because he identifies of what a motherfucking Raider is.


Yeah. Miles Garrett. But at this point in time, when you're losing ocho Yes Sir. Is Miles. Is Miles Garrett or, or Mason or Crosby? Max Crosby. Excuse me. Max Crosby. Yeah. How many wins are they gonna get you? There'll probably be more value with draft capital because that's what you need. Year rebuild mode. Right Now, I don't know the situation with Deshaun, but they're probably gonna move on from that situation and probably have to eat 170 plus million dollars in cap, dead cap space. Ah, What are you gonna do Ocho shit? Whatcha gonna do? Hey, that's, that's a tough position to be in as a GM to being, as, being as an owner.


Whoever makes that call, whoever makes that call in general, just for some reason the Browns haven't had any luck. Any luck. They haven't had any luck for a very, very long time. No, they hadn't had a, they haven't had a quarterback. I mean they, they they moved on from Baker and I get it, I get it. Moving on from Baker, when you thought you was gonna get to Deshaun, that was in Houston. Right. It makes perfect sense. Most teams will upgrade their quarterback if they had a chance. Let's just say for the sake of Art Mojo, I got a chance to get Joe Burrow or I got a chance to get Baker Mayfield. Right. Excuse me. Or, or Mahome or one of these. Josh Allen or Justin Herbert more. Unless you got one of those guys on your roster. Yeah. You gonna look to get him And they don't come, they don't come around often.


We had never seen a quarterback Deshaun Watson age become available. Yeah. Not in his prime. You look at Brady. Brady was in his forties when he came available. Peyton Manning was coming off a a, a career ending. It many thought his career was over. Same thing with Drew Brees. Yeah. These guys do not become available in their twenties at 26. That's what Deshaun he became available at 26. Most teams, if you don't have one of these, if you don't have a Mahomes, you don't have a, excuse me, A Joe Burrow. You don't have a Josh Allen, you don't have a Jerry Golf.


You jumping on this trade with both feet. What do I have to give up to get it? Yeah. Didn't work out. Didn't work out. But what am I holding on for? Miles Gav for he, I'm sure he doesn't wanna be a part of a rebuild. He probably not gonna say that publicly, but he don't wanna be no part that man wanna win. Yeah. They, they, they shouldn't even do him like that. They shouldn't want to keep him around. They shouldn't want keep him around for what he can do and what he could be a part of. Allow him to go to a contender. Allow him, allow a team to, to give whatever you need as far as picks so he can help boast of their defense so they can make it run into the playoffs.


Yeah. So gonna be interested. This trade deadline coming up into Nov, what is it, November 5th? That's election day too, isn't it The fifth or the ninth? It's the fifth Trade. Deadline is the fifth. Okay. Election day is the fifth too, isn't it? Is it the second? I think the fifth is a Tuesday. Yeah. The, it's election day too. Ocho. Damn. It's gonna be Gonna be a lot. There gonna be a lot. There gonna be a lot of people in front of their TVs. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. A lot of people in front of their TVs.


What else we got? The Los Angeles Rams are facing an uphill battle to reach the playoffs and have reportedly received trade calls from Cooper Cup and the Chiefs have been mentioned as a potential suitor. Ooh, the team need another offensive weapon and Cooper Cup, Trey might be enough to fix the offense. You like that ocho? Hey, yeah, I like that. I like that. You know, you move cup around, he can do a, he can do a whole lot of things. A whole lot of things. You got worthy, you worthy play that, play that same role like Jamon Williams with 'em, goddamn Lions, I'm taking the top off. Right. Then you got Cooper Cup and Kelsey dominating everything short and intermediate With Juju. I like that.


The year that Cooper Cup won that triple Crown, man, it Was the, if, if you go back and look at it Ocho, the year he won the Triple Crown, it was the greatest receiving season ever. When you look at it in its totality. Yes sir. 'cause not only did he win the Triple Crown, look at what he did in the playoffs. Playoffs. Yeah. So if you look at it in its totality, yeah. It was the greatest receiving season in the history of the game. Yeah, most definitely. So if you, if you look at that and you think about what he was able to do that specific year in the positions they put 'em in, creating mismatches, condensing formations. Put them in motion. Listen, what do the chiefs do very well from a creative standpoint? Oh, they gonna find a matchup.


They gonna People free listen, they gonna find a way and you want thing, you, you don't have to worry about no goddamn drops no more now, but that now. But with that one now, you know People gonna get mad. Then how the hell y'all gonna send somebody, y'all gonna send Patrick behold Cooper cut. They'll like, nah. He like, we ain't trading no receiver. We'll trade you anything else other than the Receiver. But that, but that, But a receiver. What, what he, what he has proved 15 of his greatness is Listen, I've gotten it done without him. Yeah. Got, I've gotten it done and won two Super Bowls without any elite receiver. For sure. And now you gimme Cooper Cup. Come on, gimme a little something. I don't think new people understand how bad Patrick Holmes is playing football right now and they're still five, six and oh whatever, whatever that six and yeah, he's, he's not playing good football and that, that's, he's not, but I think he gets a pass for what he's done in the past.


Well, I think the thing is, is that what is happening is because even though he's not playing well, he's not being consistent. When the rubber needs to meet the road, he make a play every time either with his leg or he gonna make that throw. Yeah. Because if you go back and look outside of the first quarter, he didn't play well in the a in the a c championship game. But when they, when he called, when Mandy Reed dialed up on third down, he hit Valez gambling. Yeah. You go back and look at sub Bowl. He was struggling early against the, against the Eagles and the 49 ERs. 49 ERs. You look at the Eagles in the, in the second half, he didn't miss a throw because he knew he had to be perfect because they, they were behind. Yeah. Every drive.


Touchdown, touchdown, touchdown. Field goal. Look at the situation. 49 ERs had the momentum. He's like, Hey, I gotta be perfect. Right. And he was, he has that, that ability, that very few Brady, Brady could play that garbage for three quarters, four quarter That quarter. Okay. Anybody have a chance to beat your ass and see what he Do? Yep. We're, we're in counting most, Hey, you know, and you know Mahome, when Mahome be locked in, he get in that mode. Right. And get the hitting this soon, the play. Soon as the play in, Hey gimme the play. Right. Gimme the play right now. Get, give it. He, he, He want, he, he won it fast as hell. So he already got in his mind. Okay, this is the play I'm calling. Boom. What is everybody doing?


Give the hey gimme that. Gimme that. What you call, gimme the play. Gimme the play. I done messed up. Come on and hurry, Hurry up. Yeah. Hey, that's Maggie. Gimme the play. I wanna hear it. Hey, That's the, but yeah, I, I, I think the thing is in cut with that high cap number and you're probably gonna move on with Cooper or with Puka. Right. Little younger. They got some, you know, at well that play caught the ball. Well they got the guy that's making play. So it's gonna be very, very interesting to see what happens. Right. More 49 ERs woes. Deebo Samuel has been hospital due to pneumonia and fluid in his lungs. There's no timeline for his return. And George Kittle has a sprained foot and considered day-to-Day.


Brandon IU is in fact done. He has a torn ACL and MCL according to ear rap report. They may be other damage. His 2020 A his 2024 season is over with a long road back in 2025. Dang. William McCaffrey, San Francisco is experiencing the worst injury bug we've seen in a very, very Long time. Long time. Hey, you know what, who this might be good for and I I'm, I I I wish you'd know how I am. I wish injury on nobody. But I think this might be a good thing for the Cowboys. 'cause coming off the buy, who's the first team they play? I think they might have a Oh, the Niners. Yeah. I think they might have a chance to actually get a victory and get some type of momentum in this deadly gauntlet of games and teams they have to face coming off the bat.


And with the, with and with all the injuries that the 49 ERs do have. I think the Cowboys have a good chance to win this game. Yeah. And I don't wish I, I I'm, I've been trying, I'm, I tweeted it earlier today. I don't understand what percentage it is, but the percentage of players that are getting hurt with soft tissue injuries or having tears, Achilles ruptures, the percentage has to be high. It got to be higher than normal because it just seems like it's every week. It's every week and each year it keeps getting higher and higher. We talk about non-contact, contact injuries, you know, people pushing off or exerting a, a certain type of way and just, it's like the, the bodies are falling apart at, at such a young age for young players and it shouldn't so early in the season.


So early. And I, I, I just can't put my finger on on on what it is. It just, it's, I think it's the field turf. I don't remember. Like I said, you know the field turf, you the, our synthetic, that's not natural grass. Everybody has that field turn because OCHO football is not the only sport they play on that. They have all kind of, they have concerts and you know, when they have those stage out there, it's hell on real grass. Yeah. We need something that's doable. We need something when we dump 50 tons of dirt and have A-A-A-A-A-A truck, you know, a monster truck thing. Right. Or motocross. Right. I, we need something doable ocho. Right. And grass is just not built to hold that.


These stadiums have to do more things than just have a football game. What a SoFi. They have concerts in their ocho. Right. They have football games. Hell maybe have the MLS they have a whole, they gonna have a a, a World Cup that's gonna be there. That's gonna be the opening ceremony for the Olympics. Yeah. Oh. These buildings have to do more in order to help pay for themselves than host sporting events. Right. Guys, when it's time to get your money, that's why you get your money. Can you imagine if Brandon now you didn't get his money? Mm. That's why you get your money.


Get your money. Don't you Take your ass out there. Get that. Yeah. Or you get your big ass like, like Chase get you a big ass insurance policy. That's gonna be a, that's okay. I'm gonna get paid if I, if I have something that's gonna decrease my value. Right. Lemme get that lower the London handout off to you. Boy. Dang. Yeah. OCHO Mike McCarthy responded to Troy Aikman's critical comments on the Cowboys receiver. They don't carry any weight with me because I watch all the tape. I go to all the meetings. I'm at practice, I'm part of the game.


So I have a clear understanding of what and where Troy's statement in particular, I don't agree with the word selection. There's definitely need for improvement in every position. Not just one parti. Not just the one position that he commented on. Well he, so he goes to, so he watch all the tape, right? He go to all the meetings. He's at all the practice. Yep. What all that. Tell him about that home record, don't you? My They ain't one that, they ain't one that home yet this year. Huh? They just got hold on. The New Orleans Saints dropped 45 on them. The 40 Ball. 40 ball. Who? Just the last team in there to dropped 45 on them.


Damn. What game was that? Who just beat the brakes off the Cowboys? Was it the Lions? Yeah, the lions. It was the lion plays on them. Yeah. Hook a lateral toward Tackle. Hey they, hey, hook a ladder to the, to the, to the tackle. A back shoulder fade to the left. Tackle. I mean come on man. I said come on now y'all. I said Dad Cameron, y'all bulling now y'all, how y'all gonna throw a back shoulder page to a left tackle? Hold on. This ain't college. Yeah, this ain't high school. This's The NLI do whatever I want This NFL That that, that's disrespectful. I'm I'm, I'm, I'm serious. It's disrespectful.


It's very disrespectful. I think the thing is, what makes it hard is who Troy is. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Because I know when I would, when I was critical of the Broncos, it carries more weight. Yeah, It does. It does hold weight. It holds, It carries weight. Right. And you know, and People respect Troy's opinion. He's a quarterback. He won People respected my opinion. I won, I played in Denver. They know I, and and I I don't take it lightly. Right. Bros. Were great to me. I don't take any joy or any pleasure. I don't take joy. But I, I just have to be fair with it. Yeah. You gotta be honest. I Mean, if something, if, if I see something, same with the Ravens.


The Raven was great. Ravens were the one that really secured, that made sure the kids got college funds and everything was taken care of. It was the Ravens that did that. But if they're not playing well, if guy's not playing well, I think I, it's my obligation to say he's not playing well. Hey, did I tell you Ocho Hey Ravens fan? Did y'all know what I what I tell you Derrick Henry? What? What? What I tell what I, what I tell them? I told to put him in the capital eye. Capital Capital. Now see. Oh, okay, okay. Okay dog. We get it. That ain't what y'all do. Now when I said something about Lamar and Lamar proved me wrong. Y'all run that.


Y'all had that on the loop. Y'all kept running there. What you think about this? You still think Lamar overpaid or you still think Lamar? Now I give a little something, something, you know I had a little something, something. Right, right. But normally when I say something, nobody else said it. Oh, thank Captain. Now all of a sudden, oh, anybody could have saw that. Well why they say it? I gave it. I, I was like, man, I'm thinking about this. I wait. I was like, man, 'cause it's somebody else. Because you know, if you say something, somebody else said, oh, you got that from such and such. Oh you heard college work or you heard Brady Bro, I don't watch the sound because I don't know what they say.


I don't even know what, I don't know what Brady's, I know what his voice sound like 'cause I've heard him talk but I ain't heard heard it talk about a game yet because I don't listen to the sound. Right. Because what he's telling y'all, I know I'm not looking to throw this score to touchdown. Yeah. My team scored. Oh, my team got a sack. I'm interested in why, how, who did what. Right. How is this possible? Was this a te, was it a et? What coverage did they run? Was it weak? Was it fire zone? Was it bomb BLI cover zero, cover 5 22, whatever the case may be. Right. But y'all don't want me to have none. Gimme B run me my credit do about, Hey dude, what you talking about?


Hey, I get it. I said you welcome. I said what? I say, I think I said you can un if you like me, if you want. Right. But before you go put in the Man, man you know what man, I mean for somebody man, they done took man, the Ravens fans that be on me though, bro. Yeah, they be on Be hard. Hey, they don't let nothing slide. They don't let nothing. I think The Ravens fan base be hard on me than the Cowboys and y'all know I be killing the Cowboys. The, the, the Cowboys the only three at home.


The defense have given up 44 more points in two of the losses. The turnover bug has bitten Prescott yet again with six interceptions through six games. The running game is an NFL worst 72 rushing yards per game. Dang. Okay. My bad. 77.2. No. Hey Ocho them two inches. 77 yards. Two inches. Oh hell no, Man. But I look and I think the thing is, is Troy, Mike, you do realize that Troy watched film too. Yeah. That's a part of his job. His job is to watch film.


Yeah. And he knows when a receiver is busting it. He knows when a receiver, how he's supposed to get in and out of break. Right. How, what we call transition. Yep. I mean he rode instead of getting upset about what Troy say Yeah. Fix it. Yeah. Means That See guys, we, we tipping. Yeah. And, and Guys know when you getting the ball, you bust the ass. Yeah. When you're not, it's a run or it's going to somebody else. We can't have that. Right. And you know, you know, it holds even more weight obviously for one, for being a player and play the game. But then calling the games and seeing it for yourself or watching the Yes. And seeing it for yourself and you know, anything coming outta Troy's mouth, not only does does it hold weight, but it's factual based on what he's saying.


I, I think, I think Mike McCarthy doesn't like, doesn't like Troy's words, but the, the words that he's saying is based on what he's actually seen. What, What happened, what happened? Cowboys fan Chris Christie. How the hell he from Jersey? He's a Jersey native. How he became a Cowboys fan of, unbeknownst to me called Lyons head coach Dan Campbell classless over the Detroit's 47 9 win last Sunday over the Cowboys. Dan Campbell responds today the last somebody, the last time somebody called me Class classless, I was drinking wine out of a bottle.


I'm not worried about it. Good answer. Good answer. Good answer Man. Good answer. I like that. And you know, every time Derrick Henry rushes for like a hundred, a thousand yards. Yeah. Cowboy fan. Ah, man. We coulda had Derrick Henry, we coulda had, so in other words, we would rather have Deon, Zeke and Doell over King Henry. Well that's why Jerry get tested because he see But Jerry Jones said he couldn't afford him. Huh? Ocho He said he couldn't afford him. Ocho it's like the, it's like the girl in the club.


Right. You got the ask to see if she got somebody or not. And even if she does, she like, she might be mad at him that night and wanna get her lick back out here for it. Hey listen, it's a dirty game man. Damn. It's a dirty Ocho Help you hit him upside his head. I just kidding. I nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Uhuh, I ain't helping nobody get no lick back because guys will hurt you with some foolishness like that, don't you? So I just leave that alone. Oh. You know, but me and him we, you and who? Oh no, that's just my baby. Mm Yeah.


Oh no. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite. Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.