(0s):
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.

(6s):
When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and independents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.

(35s):
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(1m 24s):
Hello, it is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. Don't Purchase necessary Vg w group void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.

(1m 55s):
Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.

(2m 24s):
The Volume. Draymond Green call out calls out Dylan Brooks for not shaking his, shaking anyone's hand after the game. Draymond labels him a sucker and says nobody respects him. Ryan, that's your guy. You, you, you call the Rockets game. You gotta defend his action. Now, I love, I love Dylan Brooks. Dylan's gonna do what he wants to do. And at the end of the day when these two personalities collided, I don't think we would've expected anything less with, with Dylan Brooks and, and, and Draymond. And, and the, and the unique part about Draymond. Shout out to Dre, by the way.

(3m 5s):
I I I, You know, I I like it later. I didn't like it a couple days ago. Is that, and I'm still sore over that game. Seven is he is able to play the game and then pop on his podcast the next day and talk his trash. He don't gotta wait for the media. He don't gotta do it in the pressor. You have to come to him. Right. And he's not reliant on scoring. So he can back it up with his defense. He can back it up with his defense. He can back up with his iq. Draymond, I, I played against you. I know your brother. All the flails and all the stuff. They're calculated, they're smart. When his team needs something, he brings it to the table. Tonight. He had three or four, three pointers. As soon as Steph Curry stepped off the floor from a point total. So back to him and Dylan Brooks, Dylan has been unbelievable for Houston.

(3m 50s):
Houston's culture. What he brings to the table, it's a toughness and, and, and, and an energy. And he is a villain. He plays that role. And, and You know what? Draymond gonna defend Steph. He said what he said about Steph and the pressor. That's who Dylan Brooks is. And we love him and embrace him. And I, again, with those two personalities, I expect nothing less. Oh yeah, I agree. There's, they, they're kinda alike, really. I mean, obviously Draymond is more accomplished. He, he's asked to, And Draymond didn't play with Steph. Steph is the most likable person on the planet, man. Yeah. Everybody. He the most likable. The, it's hard not, it's hard to dislike him because You know why ride? I think everybody likes him because he is the common man.

(4m 30s):
You can see like, man, For sure he ain't six nine. He ain't seven foot. Yeah. He ain't got shoulders like Dwight Howard. He's just like a, he's just like a common man. Most guys, LeBron is six nine. Most of the guys are are Hawking a hundred percent. And so I can, I can't be him, man. I can step curry look like a guy walking down the street. Yeah. Yeah. And he's so likable. You see, you saw him with, you saw his daughter. She was on his lap. Riley, we fell in love with Riley. Yeah. Married Aisha. They do a great job. He got kids, You know, everything. So it's just hard to dislike him. You like, man, I don't like, nah, I, I like Golden State. I just don't like Draymond. I'm saying that's how people look at it, man.

(5m 10s):
I love Golden State. If they ain't have Draymond, I really like him. Right. But I'm not so sure if they didn't have Draymond, they could be golden State that we know of today. Ain't No way. Ain't no way. Oh, he's so smart. Listen, I think it was game two and it was game two or game one. And our guys were going on the run. All of a sudden, man, he just somebody to the floor. Our guys were like, You know, sudden and You know, our, we're building energy. The game had a flow. He just messed the flow up dog. Like, but he knows, he listen and they're, they're baiting him on the internet. 'cause they realize this is the craziest thing I've ever seen in the contest.

(5m 52s):
Draymond does, I forget what he does. He gets a technical file, right? Whoop, boop, tech. So now we're up there calling the game, we're going, he gets one more. He's gone Tar Easton, Mix's pockets, TA's about to go down and score. We start a fast break. Draymond leg kicks tar Easton Tarry goes down and Draymond pretends like his feet falling in TA's head. And he loves tar by the way. So this is just basketball. And the ref look at him, we're like, he's gone. Finally, he's out. It's over. The rep came for this people and said, that's a flagrant one, two technicals and you're gone. But if you have a flagrant and a technical, you only Draymond would know that.

(6m 35s):
So the first one was a sportsman, like the second one was excessive contact. Right. But it wasn't the criteria to meet a flagrant too. Right. And only Draymond were going to a game knowing I got two mulligans to play with and I'm gonna do whatever it takes for my team to win. And that's the type of guy you normally get that and Chad from the European players, right? They, they, they, they, they grab you where they not supposed to grab you. They elbow you. They, they, they, they're spitting everyth. They do the, they do the dirty stuff. Right. But Draymond had just figured that out from the standpoint of like, what do I need to do to be on the floor? There was nothing sexy about, Draymond was a center in college.

(7m 16s):
When he came into the league, we had seven foot, Draymond got the worst name you can get from a draft report. A tweener. You remember that name? A tweener? Tweener is a good name. Nower, because it said I tweener, You Know a tweener. Yeah. They said I was too big. I was too big to play wide receiver. I was too small to play a tight end. No position. So Draymond was this, he was the tweener. So that's a good thing now. But we, he won seven feet and he couldn't handle the ball per se, well enough, or shoot the ball to play on the wing. So he made a name for himself. You, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He made a name for himself and he's done enough. And it, its, it is unbelievable, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. I was too big and too slow to play wide receiver ocho.

(7m 56s):
But I was too small to play tight end. I did. Okay. I fo I put You only six two up. Huh? You only, you only six two up. Six Two. Yeah. I played it like, I played it like 2 28. Y'all football, y'all football numbers be lying. Chad, Chad all about five 11. Who? You ain't six feet. Chad. I'm legit. Six two. Legit. I'm six. I'm six. I'm six three. Man, what you talking about? You, you, you ain't seen me in a while, Chad. You get on the court with me again. I'm putting them elbows in your face. I'ma tell you that. Man. Man, listen. I went, I went nice to you Last time. Don't go, don't go to Ryan. Hey listen, every, every, every, everybody, everybody that has played in the NBA including current players right now, everybody has tried to play. Me and everybody has lost.

(8m 37s):
Lemme you something. If, if you, if you want me to add you to the hit list, I can add you to the hit list. He got jokes. Lemme tell, Lemme tell you something. We, we on the set of ESPN and he talked crazy to me. And I'm like, man, whatever. We in the segment. Next thing I know, they done cleared the desk out and me and him playing one-on-one, I turn it around. Chad just tackled me, bro. We can't play the football player. He grabbed my arm. He do Chad, next time I'm giving your elbow. So you ain't got no trash to talk. And then, You know, he gonna talk. Brook couldn't beat me. LeBron couldn't beat me. I said, Chad, come on bro. Hey Chad, come on. All of them. Nobody, none of 'em. None Of 'em. Well he, he and he and Joe, he and Joe got a bed too.

(9m 18s):
He say he want Joe one on one. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. I'm playing football rules. I'm playing. That's Fine. That's fine. I I, I been to, I've been to the gym. Whatever you wanna do. Elbow, elbows, You know, whatever. It don't matter. I'm good. Hey Jake, this out guys. Jason Pierre Paul had his luxury reach arm watched stolen while attending F1 Formula formula one weekend party in Hollywood, Florida. JPP said he felt something fall off when a group of men boxed him while he tried to move through the PAC Club. Moments later, when a friend asked, what time was it? He realized his 400 grand rich IL was gone.

(10m 1s):
Some bold boys. JJPP about six five, just 6 5 2, 2 70. Right. Whoop, somebody It j know he missing a couple of pennage. So they sl Stop, stop. I wasn't stop. I wasn't Stop, stop, stop, stop. But, But You know what, but You know what, but, but You know what, but You know what? Riding all seriousness, that's a strap. That's a strap on watch. So it's easy to get off as opposed to, You know, one, like, You know what I'm saying? Don't you? It de it depends.

(10m 41s):
It depends on which one you have 60. My R 67 0 2 is the Velcro. Oh, well that's easy to get off. Yeah. Yeah. It's easy. It is easy to off somebody touch you and especially, but you, you would feel something like that coming off. He said he felt like something dropped off. So how could you not look? Oh, he felt something. Okay. He okay. I know they ain't off So off box. It's A big man right there. I know they Box offed him in. So that what they did. Box him. Hey Ocho. Oh Joe, You know how you get, Hey, you try to, excuse me, excuse me, excuse me. And them joking done got it up off you. Nah, Nah, nah, nah, nah. You know what? You remember the movie? What's the movie with with, with Margaret, Margaret Roby and Will Smith. Where they, Margaret Roby.

(11m 22s):
Margaret Roby. What's the movie? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I do focused They were, they were stealing stuff. Focus. Yeah. Focus that, that sound like something out of a movie. But They, hey, they touch you right here and they stealing. So from over there. Yeah. You, you could, you could feel somebody taking something off your wrist. Oh. Joke man. Hey, you go to some of them foreign countries up at Joe and them jokers have that cardboard. They be coming. Hey you who? Hey, back Up. What now? Now what do you do that is stolen? Talk it up. Insurance. Yeah, insurance. That's all you can handle. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He got that good insurance. He got that good insurance. I Hope, I hope he got insurance. Yeah. Yeah. He got to, got to report that. JPP is a dog, bro.

(12m 2s):
That's one of my favorite. But You know what got, but You know what? It ain't I don't care man. Look, I I've had stuff stolen. It ain't the same. It ain't, It ain't even when you get your money back. No, because because here's the thing for me, those watches, each watch that I bought it symbolize something because I was at a place where I had to like, I had to take two, three years in order to get it, get it. Now I just go, I can just go get it. It don't have the same meaning. You know what I'm saying? Don't you, when you save up and get that first Rolex. Yeah. Or you save up and you get your first Patek, it, it is different. Right. And now, You know, you just just go get it. I mean, watches, I mean, I like watches.

(12m 44s):
Right. But it doesn't have the same meaning I had 30 years ago when it was like, man, I saw that. And I got like, okay, two years, I'm gonna save me enough money, do an autograph appear, do an appearance here, do an autograph signing in their ocho. I'm gonna get that. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get that day date blackface, diamond bezel. I, I'm gonna get that. Nah, I mean, you go just get a watch. I mean, 'cause You know you make good money. It ain't, it ain't the same to me. I mean, somebody's like, Hey Patek ap Vaan J You know FP join? No. Marlon Humphrey had a while take this week. He tweeted breakfast food is so weak. I've been skipping it and waiting until what restaurants opened Earliest for lunch?

(13m 27s):
Nah. Huh? I'm a breakfast guy. Yeah, I'm a breakfast guy too. He tripping. Every, every morning guy I got, I got three places. Either I'm going to McDonald's to get my usual, I'm going to IHOP to get my two for two. Or I go to first watch. Oh, but I got another one. I got another one too. Uncle. If you ever come down. What at? If you ever come down here in Miami, you two, Ryan. Y'all gotta try just spoons. Okay. Just Spoon. Hey man. Answer your phone when I hit you, Chad. Don't tell me what I got. I got, I got a new number. I got a new number. No, you don't. Your, See I do have your phone When I hit you, Chad, I got you. I do have, Oh yeah. Hey, hey Chad. What's up man? What you need? Oh, oh, okay, okay.

(14m 8s):
Nah, I got, I I love breakfast Though. I'm, I'm a, I I love, You know, I love grits, right? Eggs, bacon, crispy. If it's gonna be sausage, it's gonna be sausage patties. Right. Pancakes. I take pancakes over French toast. It'd be pancakes first French toast second. Right. A waffle third. I'm not a big waffle guy. 'cause they, they get soggy too quick. That, I mean, I, I I I can do eggs benedict, but it's not, I, it's not a must have. Right. But scrambled eggs, grits, bacon or sausage. I meant Y'all not gonna like me.

(14m 49s):
I I I've been fast for breakfast. Hey, hey, Hold on. I just thought about it. What you been, you been to GR cafe yet? Where is that at Man? Right. Where you at? What you whatcha talking about? I'm gonna have to go to it then. Grit Cafe. You heard Of that man? Hey, I guarantee you I all jokes. Lemme take my glasses off so You know I ain't bullshitting. I guarantee you love Grit Cafe. I bet you that love and everything. You just, everything you just named. They got, I mean I used to, I used to go like, like, like during the week in Atlanta, the Ritz Carlton used to have a b have a breakfast buffet. Yeah. For them. Grits. Hold on. I started, I started hiding. I guy one time to just make breakfast.

(15m 30s):
Say, look here bro. I just need you to break breakfast like four days a week. Right. Grit. Gr Cafe is us though. It's us. You get what I'm trying to say. I'm gonna check it out. What you're saying, Chad. Yeah. I'm gonna check it out though. Joe. What You trying To say? Me? Hey, I'm trying to say it's us. Like it's, what's Up? Yeah, Well real. If they cooking grits, I'm pretty sure it is us. Okay. Okay. Yeah. There you go. There you go. You go. Yeah, Because everybody, everybody can't cook Grs now. Ocho. Oh no. Absolutely Not. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, they give you these croissants to go with the, to go with the before, before the breakfast come. Yeah. And said, hold on. That said la. No, No. I will tell y'all fear.

(16m 11s):
We don't want everybody, we don't want want everybody inundating it. Alright. Alright. Ocho, we had the, the a hundred, we had the a hundred men versus the gorilla. Now they got another one. A hundred Americans versus a hundred British people. Who's winning? Check out this video. I a hundred British people versus a hundred Americans. Fist fight, no weapons. And I wanna make it more interesting. The British people get 20 savages from Birmingham, London, Manchester, not in them, and Liverpool and the Americans get 20 savages from Louisiana, Los Angeles, New York, Chicago and where else? Texas. Who wins that fight?

(16m 51s):
Let me know in the comment section. You're not sweating no weapons and you can't sneak in No shrinks either. No Guang, you're not sweating. Leave in the comment section. Let me know. Boy, I think America gonna beat hell out. Y'all. Who? I think America's gonna win. I mean, I You know what? It's gonna be Roddy because You know a lot of them from Birmingham and where he named Ireland, they soccer fans, man, they be on 1 0 2. Hey, don't Play. They don't play. They hey, they die. They die about soccer. Yeah. They are willing to die. Anybody that's willing to die about a sport, they don't.

(17m 31s):
They don't play. We Already beat Mocho. How you think we became America? Damn. That's, that's a good one. So we good bro? We good? We already one up. That's a good one.

(17m 51s):
When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American public University value for the whole family, learn more@apu.aus.edu slash military.

(18m 21s):
When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(19m 26s):
Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans. Degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.

(20m 21s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.

(20m 57s):
Shado Sanders was reportedly pissed at the Giants during his private prej visit. Per Albert Breer, the Giants, giants won. They give players an install and there are mistakes intentionally put in the install. He didn't catch them and got called out. He was pissed that they didn't, they did that to him. Mm. Now before we get into this ocho, I told you, you and I had a conversation. I said Ocho, unless teams tell us what their draft grade is on Shado, right then and only then can we. The Cleveland Brown says we didn't have a first or a second day grade on, I mean, a first day grade on it. Right? They said that. So unless the other 31 teams come out and tell you ocho man, I don't know why.

(21m 40s):
Okay. I had this grade on them. Some teams say they had him as a third, a third day option, right? Albert, Bri and I ocho we were talking, I said, normally Joe, what they do with the quarterback, they're bringing in the quarterback. They'll send plays and say, look, okay, here's the plays. We want you to break 'em that want you to diagram, blah, blah, blah. Or they'll get you in. Says, okay, here's the play two, Jeff flank a drive Red, right red, right two, jet F Flaker Drive. Okay, Z motion. So the Z is the flaker. Yeah. He got the drive route. Tight end, got the basic cross we gonna run, we can run the dig, we can run the, we can run a dig or we could just have the, the X run a post to clear it out to make sure ain't nobody, You know, backside.

(22m 26s):
Right. And then, You know, got the rim right, got the, the back. Check it. So we tell you that, okay, we tell you what, okay, what's happened? This, if you get this front, this, here's where you go with the ball. You get this coverage, you go here with the ball. So now, oh, so You know the plays long. Now they got this red, right? Yeah. Yogi sample X-ed the verse, the, this, that. Right. So they tell the quarterback this. Now they show it to him on the board, then it goes dark. They say, okay, good. You wanna play on the board and they want you to regurgitate what you sold. Because as a quarterback, you have to have great recall. Yes. Because if they call that downplay Joe in your helmet, you gotta regurgitate it. Mm. Plus you gotta know if I get this coverage, I go here.

(23m 9s):
Yeah. If I get that coverage, I go here. If I get hot, I go here. Right. But a lot of times they're like, You know, we want you to like be a quarterback. Right Now, knowing what you've heard, Cleveland Brown said, we didn't have a day one grade on him. We had a more like a fourth or a fifth, You know, fourth or fifth round grade on him. Okay, fine. The Giants sent him plays to install intentionally put mistakes in. He didn't catch the mistakes. They told him he got upset that they didn't tell him. Oh, Joe, what's your Thoughts? I mean, listen, I, I understand teams have to do their just due when it comes to these, these meetings, these interviews going over plays and, and having installs and, and having quarterbacks to go up and explain plays.

(24m 3s):
There are a lot of people on that play the game of football that can go into these meetings and these interviews and Ace and ace 'em, they can point out every mistake. They can do everything right. And you turn on the film, they're sorry in the motherfucker. They're sorry as hell. Can't play a liquor ball. But they're great. They're great in the film room, they're great in, and it come to drawing up plays. But when it's time to play where it actually matters on game day on Sunday at one o'clock, they're horrible. We know what you get, what you do when he plays the game of football on Sunday, we watch em do it at Jackson State. We watch em do it in high school. We watched him do it at a, at at a a very bad institution in turning that program around in Colorado.

(24m 50s):
Yep. So what you telling me about him not knowing and him missing mistakes on something you purposely try to trip him up on? Okay. He didn't see it. He didn't see it, but I know what I get on the field. Why even play this game? What game are we playing? What are you proving by purposely putting mistakes in there? He's a rookie. He's coming in, he's young. Of course he of course he gonna miss it. Of course he gonna miss stuff like that. Who wouldn't at the position? Yeah. That's not it. That's not, that's not his plays. Like come on man. You know, if, if you were to, if you'd have gave his plays at Colorado and then try to slip that in because the BP would, my position coach in Denver would do that sometimes.

(25m 32s):
And I was like, You know, I was like, nah, this is not a 70, this is a 50 protection. 50 protection. You know? Right. I mean, blocking it. So safety, protection. I'm free to go. So you, you would call a play knowing, You know, and we had, we had live colors, You know, blue Detroit, that's a live color. That's, You know, we get a stretch. We get a over what we call a a a bear front, a bare stretch or a Navajo, we call it Navajo. Some people call it where they, Joe, I be teaching little football when you have the center and both guards cover, that's called a bear front. Okay. Yeah. Now if you want to stretch it, we put somebody over, we put somebody over the, the tight end and we put the defensive end outside.

(26m 13s):
That's called a bear stretch. The 85 bears made that defense. Yeah. Famous. That's a buddy Ryan defense. So bear both guards center cover. That's a bear defense. Now you stretch it, you put somebody over the tight end, you put the D in outside. So that's a four down lineman. And they found out the way, the way you beat that defense because what teams were trying to do, they was trying to take the tight end and block. Richard did, Did oh, Richard Uhuh bad idea. Hold on. And so if you did that, if you went without the blocking the guy over, you would come hit your quarterback in the back of his head. So they say, huh, how about we do this, we fake, like we go watch block this guy.

(26m 57s):
When he see that he gonna come, we just raise up and throw you the ball or what we do. We'll slide it or we'll Molly the protection, we'll take the, we'll take the tackle, we'll kick to him or we'll take the guard to Molly out to him. They started blocking it up. People got outta the bare defense because you're one on one Joe. No Ocho. So you saying why play these games? Why, why put doing, put the mistakes in there, what we doing? Okay. You know, how about just have the man regurgitate the the play? Yeah. Draw it up. Okay, here it is, yourdo. This is one of our best plays. Right here is this da da da da da. Okay. You see this coverage? Where you going with the ball Now if the coverage was such, if the coverage, this cover won single high safety.

(27m 38s):
Now, if we had quarters coverage, or if we wanted to cover six, what we call cover six Joe, we play quarters on one side. We play cover six half the field on the backside six kick. That means hey, we press on the, the two side. Oh, Joe, that's what we, that's where the, the kick come in. But we play quarters. One side, half the field, the other side. That's why we call it six. Yeah. Two, four, six. Okay, now go your do a call the plate, you go into the line of scrimmage. Now I done told you, I done gave you three things. This is where we go with cover one. Yeah. This is where we go with quarters. This is where we go with cover six. Go to the cover you call it.

(28m 20s):
It's cover one. It's cover one Blue, 17. No, no, no, it's six. It's six, it's six. Boom. You see how chaotic it gets? Yeah. Quarterback gotta remain calm because they Josh it around Ocho, You know, they started one thing. They dealing downing around. They rock and rolling safety, they safety, they, they 2D Now here he come. No, they shoot back the other way. You remember how the Steelers, hell, Troy palama the, at the line of scrimmage and the next thing You know, hell he in the hole or he 2D right where we supposed to be at. Yep. So that, and I, and I get it, but look, hey, I mean, look, when you turn to film on Uncle Ocho, when you watching Shado, like for me it's like the film shows the poise and patience that he has in the pocket.

(29m 7s):
Although, You know, we, everybody say, You know, his line wasn't great. I thought he, I thought he showed tremendous poise. Patience. Yes. And I feel like, I feel like his talent will show an in game situations. You got some guys man who are just performers, bro. They just, they just know how to perform. They not, I, I, I've seen guys who wasn't great practice players, but man, you put 'em in the game. They, they, they know how to perform. And I feel like, I feel like that's when his talent is show. I think he get his opportunity. I think he'll get in there and he'll get a chance to show what he can do. And his, his talents will be on display. But I think he's getting a knock for not having the athletic parais that his daddy has or, You know.

(29m 50s):
Yeah. And it's just not, it's just not who he is as an athlete. Yeah. Listen, he has, he has an opportunity young. I I think it's a, it's a blessing in disguise. The Browns have struggled on trying to find a quarterback since Bernie Co Azar and finding someone consistent, someone that can be a quarterback for that, that franchise for a decade straight. And I think God put him, You know, in, in, in this, in this position and sending him to Cleveland on purpose to, to give him that drive and that hunger. Not that he, not that, not that he didn't have it already, but the purpose of getting that driving hunger to show everyone that passed on him and obviously show the Cleveland Browns that you made the right decision in bringing me here. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm happy for him despite, You know what, what, what happened, You know, having to go in the fifth round.

(30m 37s):
I, I don't know, I think it is, it probably gonna lit a fire up on him. He gonna be all right. Yeah. He gonna be all right. 'cause he definitely finna be there. He be everybody out. He finna be there, everybody out. He might not be f flaco out, but if fla, if Flaco struggles at some point in this season, they gonna make that change. Now f Flaco gonna not look. F Flaco going to have 3 53 touchdowns, but three picks too now. Yeah. Now if FLA go here, he'll equal opportunity employer. He gonna help you. He gonna help them. Joe, is there any similar situation to like, so what's the NBA pre-draft? What is it? Like NBA pre-draft? Yes. You know, guys go there and you do the agility test. I don't think guys sit out, You know, from, from what I can remember, especially when I had to go through it, man, you had, we had to do everything right now.

(31m 23s):
Now what they've implemented is, You know, you see a lot of guys, they had to play five on five. Now scrimmages, back when I was coming out, guys had to do that. Okay. Ocho You know what I mean? Wow. You go to a team, you have these individual workouts where, okay, so I worked out for the top 10 teams in the NBA draft in 2001. So I worked out for 10 teams and in the, in those work, yeah, they were working me like a dog. So in those workouts, in those workouts, they invite two, maybe three more other guys. So y'all can play two on two. So y'all can play one-on-one so we can see who is what. And you cooking 'em. Joe, man, listen, I was get, I was getting to the chicken because coming out I wasn't a, I wasn't a, You know, a top prospect to, You know, some degree, You know, guys were telling me I was gonna go top 10, but I didn't know.

(32m 12s):
So I had to work out for the top 10 teams and guys who were coming out in my, in my time, who was before me. Well, You know, that was a high school draft of Kwame Brown. The Tyson Curry, but you still had the Jason Richardsons, the Shane Batier, You know, guys like that. So I was looking to work out against those type of dudes, You know, to, to try to improve my draft, my, my draft stock. And I ended up getting drafted 10, but I don't know, after 10, I hadn't worked out for the, any of the mother teams. So I wouldn't have known what it would've been like. Right. Josee, I'm cooking something I don't know about y'all, but I'm cooking today. Man. Look, you get once in a lifetime, bro.

(32m 54s):
Like, it's like, it's like it's, it's so close. It's right there in your hands and you like it's, it is going to be left up to you. Especially in those workouts, You know, to these scouts, these coaches, these executives, GMs, things of that sort. So man, I think those are the moments that we all live for. We trying to compete for a roster spot. Oh yeah, That's exactly right. Ravens, rookie kicker Tyler Loop hit a 75 yard field goal with ease loop, have a canon for a leg. Does Baltimore have their replacement for Justin Tucker O Chuck? I mean, no, I wouldn't say that yet. Justin Tucker, one of the, one of the greatest kickers of all time. I know he struggled last year, struggled a little bit before that. But just because you have a strong leg, leg doesn't mean you're consistent.

(33m 34s):
It doesn't mean you're gonna be consistent and clutch and, and clutch situations. When Justin Tucker has always been having a strong leg is cool. I mean, that's nice being able to kick from 75 yards. That's also nice. But can you do it when the game is on the line? Pressure? Yeah. Can you do it? Can you do it when it's windy? You know? So there, there's so many other factors that come into him being having a strong leg, but also being a great plus kicker in situations where it matters most. 'cause it's easy to do it right now. It ain't no pressure on you. Ain't no pressure, ain't no lying, ain't no crowd, ain't no fans. No there's, there's nothing else affecting you and kicking 75 yards. But can you do it when it matters? When it matters most. Right, Man. How all these kicker got legs now?

(34m 14s):
I mean, I mean I Oh Joe, guys, they wouldn't even let you attempt No. 60 yarder right now. These guys like, okay, to get about five more yards is 60 yards. These guys kept from now a 50 yard field goal is like a 50 yard field goal is like, that's layup. It is like a PAT, that's a Layup. That's a layup, that's a layup. But These guys got, these guys got, I mean when I was in only a handful of guys was what could be consistently accurate from 50 plus. Yeah. I mean they was trying to get that thing 45 again. Yeah. Yeah. But now, and they get, oh Joe, you missed a 55 yard. They like, what, what happened? Yeah, what happened? It's 55 yards playing. Plus remember, remember the gold posts are a little bit more narrow now. A little bit more narrow. I say woo, You know, You know I could kick, You know, I kicked 65 yards too now.

(34m 58s):
Yeah. Oh Lord. Nah. I, I I promise you. Now listen. Hey, listen now, now You know who was the backup picker for the Bengals, for the, for the decade straight. They didn't have to use you. And I thank God. Okay. They did, they did use me. They used me when we played the Patriots now. So, You know, I can kick In the preseason. I know it the pre, if if, well if he had got hurt in the regular season, I would still, the backup kicker. Oh, you kick, you kick one in the preseason, aren't you? Yeah, boy. Hey, hey, it, hey Joe, it would've been good from 50. Oh Hey, matter of fact, chat, chat, can somebody please send this to unc? If, if ask the chat. There's, there's video of me footage of me kicking 65, kicking 70.

(35m 38s):
Like look, check, chat, go and Google it. Ask it. Yeah. Kicking the ball. You wasn't kicking no field goals. No. 65 To 70. No, I'm talking about field goals. That to somebody, somebody in the chat man, please show unc man, me kicking from 65. Oh, you got Google it, YouTube, but it's on there. Hey, with ease too, UNC, like, it would've been good from 73. Not with ease that it ain't good enough that he was kicking 15, 60 and 70 yards. Nah, he kicking it with ease. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I, You know, I got, I got a soccer background, Joe, so You know, I, I do, I do a little bit of everything now. Okay, I See, I see. And Elite college football recently ranked the Most Toxic Fan Bases in College. Football. Number one, Ohio State, number two. Florida number three, Georgia number four cu.

(36m 22s):
Wow. Number five. Miami. Number six. Tennessee. Number seven. Texas. Number eight. Alabama number nine. FSU, number 10. Michigan. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 of the top 10. Where they play football at Elcho In Miami. S-E-C-S-C. Hey, hey. I, I, I still haven't had a chance to really go to these, these games to really understand. You gotta go listen, go to University of Georgia, go to Tennessee. I went to Tennessee with my daughter. She was on a visit. Go to Alabama. You gotta go, you gotta go to one of, You gotta go to TA Tennessee game and the LSU game.

(37m 4s):
That's it In Arkansas. You gotta go watch the Razorback Go Alabama, UGA now Texas a and m to see 105. 105 what? A Thousand in the stadium. They Be rocking in the stadium. Yeah, they be rocking. Yeah. Ocho You know the south look you grew up in Florida and that's what I tell people when you go, when you play in the south. Yeah. Football. Is it? Yeah, It's different. They closed out. We you swear play in a small town. They closed early. They gotta, you gotta go to the game. Hold On. That's why in Texas they got high school stadiums that hold 20,000 a high school stadium. Yeah.

(37m 44s):
That look better than some college with their weight facilities. Football is king. Man, look here. And that's what I, who was we talking to? We went to, we was on tour and we had somebody at camp and You know, talking about, I said bro, ain't nothing but Georgia Bulldogs went in, in the state of Georgia. Atlanta back went two Super Bowl 10. They ain't place at UGA. Oh sir. Right. Them dogs Football 10. Yes sir. What? And then they go to Braves. Yeah. Yeah. You talking about somebody lived, I've been there. Yeah. Boy, Ocho man.

(38m 25s):
And when they used to, and when they used to play, I don't know. They, they might still do, they still do they play at Jacksonville Stadium, boy at 16, coming down 16 to get down on 9, 9, 5 to go down to Jacksonville. Yeah, man. Yeah, they love some football in the south, man. Got, I'm not surprised. You gotta see That. Hey, hey look, but I, I'm surprised, I'm surprised to see you. When to see you get such a rabid fan base. You basically this out two years. Prime effect baby. Yeah, In Miami. I, I know Miami. Y'all just show up because Miami, they don't come to nothing on time. No, We don we gonna get there in the second quarter. Exactly.

(39m 5s):
Ohio State. Yes. Florida, Georgia. Yes. Tennessee, Texas, Alabama, Michigan, Florida State. I don't know what y'all been raping about? Y'all been, y'all ain't been good in a minute. I mean, listen, the the best obviously the best college when it comes to college football in, in, in, in Florida. Now. UAM had a phenomenal year last year. Yeah. But Fam fam u's a better college fam u's the best college football team here in the, in the state of Florida. You like FMU Fam UA Listen fm, u's everything, fam U we gotta, we gotta, we gotta find HBCU. We gotta rank the H 10 top tier HBCU fan base. Well number one is number one is fa, MU top to bottom. I don't know Ocho I think it might be rambling or something.

(39m 45s):
Come wait, Come. But that human jukebox, man. Now human ju box Joe, Listen, listen. With all due respect, with all due respect to the human jukebox, they were nothing. They will nev they will never be comparable to the incomparable Marchal 100. Don't do that. Oh, that done pass the one. Oh, they don't pass. What they'll pass y'all, bro. Yeah, that done pass y'all the jukebox where it saying are you the jukebox? Man, listen man, listen man, Dr. White, Dr. White and, and, and, and Brother Shelby Chipman, man have done a Wonders, have done a wonder with the March 100 Done a Wonders. But that jukebox, Nah, listen, no man, listen. Ocho, that was, I love, they ain't ocho they ain't bringing number two records. That wasn't even the full jukebox that we had at The, I listen, I've been watching Southern for a very long time in chat.

(40m 29s):
Listen to me, if there's anybody, oh, young, I, you probably won't do this, but it's, it's for me, You know how much I love the band. Anybody in the chat that went to HBCU and might have played in the band, lemme tell you how much I love Southern. Still to this day, I always watch. It's on YouTube. It's called the fifth Quarter. Obviously unc You know it the fifth quarter after, after two HBC teams play recorded at the end of the game where they go back and forth Battle of the Band. But the Human Jukebox versus Alcorn State in 2014 chat, if y'all have any time to go on YouTube and watch Southern versus Alco state in 2014 where you enjoy it, it was a masterpiece from both schools back and forth. But when it comes to HBCU, Martian bands, there was nothing, nothing like that school, the highest of the Seven Hills down in Tallahassee, Florida.

(41m 19s):
That looked like a reptile known as the Rattlers. Nothing like 'em, nothing. And I, I stand on that. They Gonna put on a show, Man. Every time. Only one school, only one school is Mars for the president. Now only one school's going to the, to play for the president Now. We done been everywhere. All over the world. We different. Huh? We strike different. What you mean We, huh? You went to, oh, you went to Oregon State? Wait time, time out, time out. Time out. You know why I wasn't able to go to FM UI ain't had no grades coming outta high school. But I, and listen, I'm an honorary member, boy. I'm, I'm an honorary member. Teddy. Huh? And I, and I, I'm an ambassador for FMU Teddy, everybody.

(42m 5s):
Hey, what a dog. What a what A dog at Joe. What a dog at Titus. He titus put up tidal sleep. Huh? Tit sleep. I'm, I'm talking about Joe, I'm, I wanna see Joe Dogg. He Roaming the property right now. Ocho, he got Let him, oh, you got property boy. You got money property. Hey, he ain't say he was in the yard. Nigga say he on the Property. Ocho, you got chill ocho you got chill. You got chill Ocho you got chill. But the horse say you on the property. He got a, he doing his job right now. He doing his job. Well, you got, boy, you got money. I'm, I'm gonna put him on, I'm gonna bring him on camera for you, but yeah, yeah, yeah. Bring him on the, Just like he looked, he the same color as Unc dog. He, he, he brown with that black mask. Yeah, he bite.

(42m 46s):
Yeah, he bite. Yeah. Yeah. I I He got teeth. Don't. Yeah, I, I, I name something that got teeth that don't bite. Yeah. I, I I rough your dog up. Who? Me? All right. You gonna put the suit on? You gonna put the suit on? Let it, I, I don't, I don't need no suit. I don't need no suit. Just let, just, just, just you, you got commands for him, right? Yeah, yeah. Just command, command him attack and watch what I do to him. Nah, I ain't got command him nothing. All you gotta do is be in the backyard. I ain't gotta say nothing. I ain't gonna tell. I ain't gonna say a word. Oh, but I know you don't see that thing on YouTube.

(43m 27s):
Where that Amazon driver, that UPS Amazon driver, he hopped over that fence back. You see that? I see when the package in his head. Yeah, That was, that was Funny. I seen one deliver look like he was delivering the Uber Eats. Uber Eats. And that big dog came through the screen though. Yeah. Oh, he went for the little towel thing to, to catch him a little bit. He would've had buddy. Yeah, The Volume.

(43m 54s):
You don't want vacation to end. But with Amex Platinum, you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com. So you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guarantee 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with MX CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.

(44m 24s):
When it's PCs time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.

(44m 53s):
When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(45m 42s):
Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's xper, spring sprint and is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.

(46m 15s):
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.