
If you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple. Card It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA Salt Lake City Branch member FDI C Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball The, blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On The latest season of my podcast against The Rules. I'm exploring What It means to be a sports fan in America. And What The Rise of Sports Betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against The Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against The rules. Listen to against The rules on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume


TD Tudy, taking It to The House reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of The N FL on The Ground in The Air from The Special Teams or The Defense. We don't care ho you score. th we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first N FL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to Odoo your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers can bet five bucks and Get 250 instantly in bonus bets and Get one month free of N FL plus premium. Download The Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to Get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and Get one month free of N FL plus premium only on DraftKings The. Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Demeco Ryan says Jordan Love will be The best QB we've faced despite playing Josh Allen Bill's fans are taking these quotes very serious. Many feel that Josh Allen is The second best quarterback in The League behind Patrick Holmes. Me personally, I take Lamar Jackson, but that's another story. Ocho Odoo, you believe that Jordan Love will be The best quarterback that The Texans have faced. It even though they Odoo have Josh Allen on their resume. Yeah, probably. Probably. I think, I think Josh Allen. Josh Allen is very good. Obviously his resume speaks for itself despite obviously The turnovers, but he's good.


You can see What he's doing now and being Superman and not having elite players around him, but still getting The job done. But Jordan Love is really good. Jordan Love is really good. Jordan Love to me is in The, same bracket in a sense with Jayden Daniels with a CJ Stroud, with a Lamar Jackson. You know, he's, he's somewhat a, he's also a dual threat quarterback. He can run, he can run, he can throw Yeah. Take all throws. And to be young as he is, he's very promising, which is why they paid him What. They did. And I I, I mean, I I agree with 'em. I agree with Jordan. Love is really, really, really good. Really good. And The The funny thing about It is, is you'd have to be a football fan, not a casual fan of The game.


You'd have to be a football fan to understand ho good Jordan Love is and actually watch those Packers games. Yeah. Yeah. I like I said, I I take Mahomes first, right? I don't put anybody next to him because you see What, he is done in his six years of starting right? Is off The charts. I mean, you don't Get The four Super Bowls in six years. You win three with two MVPs, three Super Bowl MDPs. That's, that's beyond What Break Now Brady has more, but if you look at Brady's first six years, and you look at his first year, six years, you look at Brady. Brady, they were a defensive team. Brady wasn't asked to Odoo What ma homeboy's doing right.


But yeah, he, he, he's phenomenal. I would take Lamar Jackson as my second quarterback behind Mahome over Burl and Josh Allen. But I can see people saying Burl. I can see people saying Josh Allen, maybe CJ Jordan Love Purdy, whatever The case may be. But one, two for me is Mahomes and Lamar. So hold on, hold on now. Matt, ho ho ho ho are ho are our top five. So we got, we got, we got Burrow first. You got Lamar, you on and Josh Allen third. Hold on. Josh Allen on that list. You got Burrow first in front of ho. No, I said, I said, I said My homes is first.


Oh, okay. Didn't I? No, you said Burrow is first. Okay. My bad. My bad. You know, I'm just thinking of Bangles. My bad, my bad. So I mean like, talk to me real quick on The top five ba based on ho ho you would say, if they would ask you, so you have, you have Josh Allen second before Lamar I would take, no, I would take Lamar second. Okay. I would take, I would take, I would take Josh third bur four, and I would take, oh, I think I would take cj. I think I would take CJ Fifth Ho Odoo. You ho Odoo, you put ho Odoo, you put Josh Allen in The front of Bur though Easy.


I take, I just take Josh. See. Oh, that's Your, that's your, that's your preference. Yeah. I mean it's, it's, look, I think once you Get, like once you Get past The first two, I think you're kind of splitting hairs with Josh Allen, Joe Burrow and, and cj I think I know CJ's only is second year in The league. Right? But I don't see a situation where he regresses. I only see situations where he Get improves. Right. Jordan Love is Jordan. Love is, and people are like, ah, man, you, you talk about Jordan Love over Dak. Yeah. I'll take Jordan Love over Dak. I'll take CJ Troub over Dak too.


Ah, that's, oh, You know, The thing is most of The quarterbacks you can go week to week. Right? I think The top two are kind of set because Josh Allen Burrow, none of 'em playing as good as J Jerry Golf is playing as good as anybody. Oh yeah, most definitely. And you didn't even mention Him nothing. But I'm saying I think like It can go week to week. Like most positions can go week to week. I think when you look at What, Mahomes has done his body of work now at The, end of The year, we could say, does he still re does he still deserve to be The number one quarterback?


We'll see, Probably because this is What we see from our homes every year, especially in The, beginning of The season. Yeah. It always looks like this. The numbers aren't staggering. It's not crazy. But all of a sudden, when It matters, most guess ho always comes through in The Clutch. Right? Guess ho e Every time. Every time. So at some point he going to have 3, 400, 500 yard games. They're gonna come. They're not gonna come right now for some reason. They never come at The beginning of The season for th it's always something, there's always an issue with The offense or The Ball's being dropped. There's, there's, there's no receivers, there's nobody, they, they're not catching The balls. That's What It was last year, this year injury. Rashid Rice is out. Juju goddamn Juju Steps up has The hell of a game.


And remember Travis Kelsey gets going late. Remember there's always Something. The Page said, nah, we ain't got no use for Juju. He comes back wrong. Look at Juju. Wrong system. You look at just comes When she writes, goes out Juju comes in 130 yard game like that off The rip just that fast. Just that fast Quarterback can take average receivers and make th look really, really good. Yeah, they're, That's, that's What. The really good ones. Can Odoo, but The quarterback, it's so hard Ocho because any given week you like I take Jerry Golf. No, I take Josh Allen. No, I take cj. No, I take, I'll take Jordan Love.


No, I take Joe, I take Josh out. Yeah, I mean you, we seen Purdy deal where you like, well that boy pretty good. And you know what's funny? I always think about when you think about your top five chat, whoever your top five players are, I always think about It, forget The, The stats, forget The numbers and all that stuff. I know all that matters. But if you were to put th on any other team, would they still be able to be efficient and be productive regardless to where they went regards to ho was at their disposal as far as weapons are concerned, could they still wheel and deal? Boy, can you imagine Mahomes with, with Chase and Higgins?


Oh, can you imagine him with, can you imagine him with Waddle Tyreek. Moer Han Hey, hey listen, Oh, you put him in San Francisco with kick that running game. Christian McCaffrey Kettle Deebo IU Jennings. Unfair Bad. Look, some guys is that they are a system they defy, they defy whatever you doing, they are above It, right? And they'll, they'll elevate whatever, whatever you have around th they'll elevate th Very few can Odoo that.


That's difficult. Very few that The quarterback position can Odoo that there may be two or three that can Odoo that no matter What situation they go to, they can elevate It. Man, Nel belly, stop. Stop. What'd he say? What'd he say? What'd he say? What. He say, he Talking about if that's The case you took Lamar, you put Lamar in front of Mahome. Stop. Don't Odoo that. Don't Odoo that. Don't Odoo that you was doing so good To that. Just like I, I'll use a reference as far as boxing is Sir Nel my bad. I'm sorry. It's a she Nelly, don't Odoo that. Oh, don't Odoo that. Nelly. I Said in re in reference to that, We gotta put you in time out Styles win fights and boxing styles win fights.


So I really, I really wouldn't Odoo The switch. I wouldn't Odoo The switch. But even, even at this point, especially in Lamar's career with The way, he's looking as a passer. Forget him running The ball. Forget The offense that he's in. I can see him doing well as a strictly a drop back passer if The roles were reverse, hypothetically speaking, if he was The Chief's quarterback, that's just me. That's just, that's just me. I'm not saying I would pick Mahomes over him. I'm just saying that The roles were reversed. He's a a unc, he's a Good What. Makes It so dynamic and scary is his legs. So are you telling me that he's gonna be there and he's not gonna be able to use his legs?


Yeah, I mean No, I'm saying that's why I say it's a hypothetical, Right? Yeah. Because that's What makes him, he Use his leg. But I think he's just that he's gotten that much more dangerous with his arm as well. Oh Yeah, for sure. Yeah. He he's become a much better pass thrower of The football. Yeah. Roger Goodell isn't ruling out an International. Super Bowl International Commission said we've always traditionally tried to play The Super Bowl in an N FL city that was always sort of a reward for a city that have had an N that have an N FL franchise. But things change. It wouldn't surprise me at all if that happens one day. Whoa, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.


The, true N. FL fans The, true N. FL fans of The teams that actually go to The Super Bowl can't even Get The motherfucking tickets to support their team that they'd been going to watch The entire season. Okay, now we talk about having a Super Bowl internationally for The higher ups that ain't support The teams throughout The entirety of The season. Man, something about The big time. That's put us regular fans. What, What, What What does that say about us. O Joe, somebody about some cities, London or, or somebody about to pay 500 million for a Super Bowl. They gone See it's s all about The money at The. End of The day. It's s all about The money. What about us fans, What about us fans.


I buy dolphin tickets. I buy Bengals tickets to go watch my Bengals. And I go, I buy tickets to go watch my goddamn dolphins my hometown Thing. Hey Enjoy, put this on my iPad so It can be streaming. That's What The N l gonna tell you about What, about The fans. Pull that up on my iPad so I can watch It while it's streaming. And we go Get this 500 million, three quarter of a billion from some Germany or wherever they play London or wherever they play these games at. That's What The N l go tell you. Yeah, I mean, hon honestly, I like It. It's, it's It. I like, I like The idea. I like The idea. Especially we're growing our, our sport globally. Yes. I'm, I'm not, we, we would probably never be able to compete with that of soccer over, across that, across that way.


But The fact that we have integrated and and and found a special place for those ho enjoy The ho enjoy American football. I think there, there's a, there's a place for place for us over there and it's, it's ways to make money, it's ways, it's ways to make money and to be able to make It on that other side of The world would be awesome. Hell, if you really wanna make some money, we can Might as well have The Super Bowl in goddamn damn Saudi Arabia. You, you talking about 500 million. Shit. They give us a billion. Yeah. SA Dubai. Yeah, Think about that. Super Bowl and Qatar Super Bowl and Saudi Arabia. Joe will Super Bowl in Dubai. She come on And I, sure and I, and I'll be riding over there trying to Get some of th dollars to Hey, think, think about What.


They would pay for that, huh? For Sure. Think about What. They would pay for that. I know What, they would pay Odoo. You see What, they pay in The host boxing events or M or UF C fights. Yeah. What. Odoo. So Odoo, Imagine Super. Imagine a Super Bowl. Thank you. Now that's something I go broke for. That's a great memory. That's a great, that's a great, that's a great memory. But The I know, I know Kish, I know you gonna see this. Roger, let's think about that. Super Bowl in Saudi Arabia. Preferably Dubai. Yeah, Come On now. The bottom line is always The dollar. If you wanna make It this No Abu Dhabi, gimme 10. I need 10% O ocho.


Alright. Dubai and Saudi Arabia are two different places. Oh I know that. I know that. I know. But I think It, I think it'd be better suited for The people for The fans. Dubai Odoo better than Saudi Arabia. So that can, that can Odoo. That let's Odoo It in Dubai. Yeah, Dubai would be much better than Saudi Arabia. Oh yeah, most definitely. There's there's more to Odoo there. There's more to Odoo there. Yeah. But The funny thing about It is, you know What, you know ho has more money, huh? The, The, Saudis, The Chic Dubai ain't hurt. I don't, I don't know ho to say his name The right way, but Oh goodness. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know ho to say The name. The right way. I'm talking about Loaded Man. Sal Weed. Different kind of money over there, man.


Moham bin Sal Weed. Yeah, there you go. Hey. Yeah. Different kind of money over there. Oh yeah. But here's The problem. You gonna run into, what's that? Anheuser Bush ain't gonna be happy. They can't sell no products over there. Why not? Hold on. There's ways around everything, bro. You Hear me? Well I tell you What, I bet you I ain't gonna Get caught with an alcoholic beverage. You never beat The brakes off me. So bad jail Ways. Listen, it's so, it's so much money at stake. They will bend certain rules for a certain, especially an event of this magnitude with this type of money at play. That's s all I'm drinking water.


I could go, I could go a week. I could go a week without an alcoholic beverage without It. Yeah, I got you. I got you. And, and The The rules aren't that bad. I went over those rules before you go. all those rules they had in place with The affection in public and The holding in hands and wearing certain stuff. You can't Odoo this as far, when I, when I was in guitar, you know, they went through The rule. I'm like, really? They really like that man. Listen, It was just, just as casual and just as lenient once I was there for that month when I had to work The World Cup It wasn't as bad as people made It seem. I take, I take your word for It, but I ain't doing It President, former President Obama names his all time starting N.


B a starting five. I'm from Chicago. So Michael Jordan is shooting guard. Yeah, I put LeBron at point Forward. I want a little shooting. So, and, and a little flare. So I'm going to put my friend Steph Curry in The Mix because we're a three point era and he's The greatest shooter of all time. Bar none at The Center. I'm going to put Hakeem The Dream Eli ho Game I think translate in today's game. The last part is tough for me, but I've got to go with kd. Kevin Durant ho might be The most efficient scorer in The history of The of basketball. I'm feeling good about my starting about that five beating just about anybody. Okay. What you think Ocho I, I like, I like Jordan. I like Jordan that The.


Shoot, I, I like Jordan, I like The. LeBron Pick. I like The. Steph Pick. But he, he lost, he lost me a little bit. He lost me with Elijah Warren. Why wouldn't, why wouldn't we go with The most dominant big man of all time? Especially in his prime. I would've put, I would, I would've went with Shaq. I think he's looking at in today's game. You don't think Shaq would translate in today's game? In his, in his prime? Not not big Shaq. I'm talking about Shaq when his little Orlando Shaq What. Have you seen his fucking footwork when he was in Orlando? Yeah. Oh My God. Yeah. Absolutely. Now once he got, once he got a little bigger put on a little bit more muscle.


You know It, It, It was there but It wasn't like It was Orlando Shack. Oh my goodness. Ocho. Yes sir. You couldn't go to Dubai. You couldn't go overseas. Spirit don't go that far. Ho Don't Greyhound or The Airwaves don't travel that far. Spirit. Oh. The mega Bus go there. You been on The mega bus before? Yeah but that ain't spirit. I know. Mega bus cheap though. No It ain't cheap. You should Odoo. That ain't nothing. I know you don't like road trip. Take The mega bus somewhere. Ain't nothing cheap. Ain't nothing cheap about going overseas. Nah, that'd be listening depending on ho early. You buy It now. Even if you buy, I mean you go a United Emirates, it's still gonna be 30, $40,000.


Ho Much. 30, 40,000. Nah Uncle. Listen, watch Flag A ticket. Look up a ticket. United Em. Hey chat, chat ho much ho much. A ticket just, just randomly. Just gimme The price of a ticket. Not business. Just regular. A regular seat. ho much ho much It is I know The Chat ain't laughing about The Mega Bus don't act like y'all ain't been on The mega bus before y'all so y'all too rich for me. Nah man, you man you take Spirit. They have to turn around and come back. They run outta gas.


You don't have to turn around. We just laying and Get some gas. No sh on United Emirates. What's first class? See why you gotta go first Flag? Why you can't fly Coach? See 1500 Don't that ain't bad. Dwayne Jackson in The chat. He just said it's 1500. That ain't bad. 1600 to Dubai. Oh no I ain't, I See 24 first class 24,000. Which I told You don't need first class. If you sitting in coach, you Get. You Get there at The same time. Why spend, why spend 40,000, you can spend 1500. You gonna be back there funky. I'm gonna take me a shower. Take me a couple of showers.


I'm gonna give you some good old hot food. Hey, I can Get some hot food before we Get on The plane. I can take a shower before I leave The house. I'm, I'm paying $1,500 for my seat. Nah, and it's already room. Me The, The seats is room. Me already on Emer. On Emer Airlines And Guess What. What. I'm gonna become a member of my hot club. You can't Odoo that. Ho you gonna be with Michelle? Don't don't, don't worry about this. There you go. There you go. There you go. Don't worry about It. Hey, hey, I don't, I don't need to be a member of The Haw Club when I can Get in before we even board. No, that that's, nah, It ain't The. Same. They ain't The same. It's The same because What Happens. That's, I said scoring down in practice is The same as scoring. One in The game is It, But it's different.


You gonna be in The No fly list when you Get caught. Nah, go Get caught. We just gonna be, you know you gonna go on that side, just be on The side, just laying there, add a blanket and everything. You see. You don't even know ho to Odoo It don't you? Nah, nah. Uhuh Ooh, ooh, ooh. Bitch tear It up big go tear your up. Hey, You scared. Don't yo, you scared not aren't yo ho ho. Just starting five. Am I starting five? Yep. I want, I want AI at The point.


Okay. I want a at The point, my shooting guard, I'm going with Kobe. Okay. Okay. I think Ocho froze. He want AI at The point. He want Kobe at The two Interested in See ho he wants at The three Interested, more interested ho. He wants The four. We already know ho he's gonna take at The five. He said he wanted Shaq. He, he didn't understand why former president Obama didn't take Huh?


Obviously at The three I'm taking LeBron at The two. I'm taking Mike at The point. I gotta take Magic. Yeah. What. Yeah AI at The Point. You got Kobe at The two. Kobe at The two. I got step Steph at The three is that's okay. Right. I can Odoo that right? You can Odoo whatever you want.


That's your starting fine. Hold on, hold on. I ain't finished. I got, I got Katie at The four. Okay. And I got Shaq. I want Shaq all. You don't like that What Odoo. You think You a little small? Damn. Hold on Man. You got, you got six foot, you got six foot AI and six two Steph Curry. Right? But hey, you gotta think that's that's, that's 30 and 30 right there. We, we dropping buckets now on defense. I'm hurt. I mean that got a little liability. Little liability. You cook? Yeah, I was cook. But listen, I got kd. I got KD that got Shaq.


th boys. th boys. They, they gonna, they gonna have to come to The party and play D I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take bro at The three. I'm gonna take Jordan at The two. I'm gonna take magic at The three at The Point. Okay, that's a good one. That's nice. That's nice. Yeah. I I gotta, I gotta take The. I gotta take The best power forward to ever play. I'm gonna take Tim Duncan and then Mr. Mr. Fundamentals. Yeah. And since you got Shaq I can't take Shaq I'll take Kareem. Okay, that's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Sky hooky to death. I like that.


And N NBA exec rips Michael Porter Jr as terribly overrated. The execs believe that Denver is going to be stuck this year. Denver's second best player is going to go, is going backwards. Jamal hasn't been The. Same. There's something about Jamal's health and physical capacity right now that concerns me. Michael Porter Jr. Is terribly overrated. He's a one-way player. He's just a scorer. And I also think Denver has to assess to Get an upgrade. Ocho Odoo, you agree with this statement? Fuck no What. The. Fuck What. Is he talking about there are a lot of one-way players that are just scores that a liability on defense. What is he talking about? There's a lot. That's a, there's a lot of people like that in The N B a and then there are a few players ho are special ho are great on Bose ends of The court.


They're good on offense and they're good on defense. And there a lot of people that are just scores. Ain't a whole lot of th I mean ho The ho at The insult. There ain't a whole lot of players that are good on, on Bose ends of The Court. It. My, my, my my point is Zach is why, that's why I don't understand this Exec ho should have let his name be known. So we know ho It is sound pretty per sound, pretty personal to me having, has Denver won? Michael Porter Jr. Got a, got a ring, don't he? Okay. I'm just making sure. I just wanna make sure I I got, I got my ducks in a row at that this time. That sound personal.


I mean look, he's streaky. He can Get hot and shoot you out The gym. Right When he cold, he cold. He'll break It up for you. He Get nice Some for some reason when he play The Lakers, he Get he Get ultra hot. Yeah. Yeah. Ocho now it's s time for Oh, Q and Aye. Q and Aye The. Oh man, look man. Now my tv no I'm, I'm not even gonna switch back. I'm, I'm gonna stay here, you know. Hey Unc, you hear me? What? I think it's, I think it's another storm coming too.


Well That's back to back. That's, that's three weeks in a row. Well I don't think it's going It. It's not another storm like that though, right? No, I don't think so. I think it's, and I maybe The Gulf if I'm not mistaken. It's, it's, it's brewing up. It Brewing up. Yeah. Kobe Bryant said, oh, did Mike Miss The ball or was It Underthrown? It was Underthrown and he kind of lost his Yeah, I mean The worst thing that could possibly happen happened. Yeah, he lost his balance and The guy ended up intercepting It If he didn't lose his balance. That's The catch. Oh for sure. Yeah. That's The catch For sure. What you call th is like, Aaron's like ho unlucky.


Must I be? Yeah What is It car F Star Devonte ain't going to make a difference if Roger under throws him by five to 10 yards. Relax. They've been together for eight, nine years. That ain't gonna happen. I thought tonight was one of Roger's best games that he's played since he's been there. Pat almost, almost, almost 300 yards. I thought he was very, I thought he was very, very accurate. He threw, he was very decisive with where he wanted to go with The ball. He didn't miss a whole lot of throws. I thought this was one of his better games. 23 or 35. 2 94 touchdown. One interception. He was sacked three times. But I thought they played, I thought overall they played really, really well.


Yeah, they didn't Get The victory to show for It because The difference is when they got into The red zone they settled for field goals. Field goals. And when you Get into The red zone, you need to score touchdowns. So, and What they missed two. But The fact you tried to kick field goals as opposed to getting touchdowns. Right. But we'll see if, if they Odoo Get, Devonte, we'll see The The difference does It make. But The thing is, is that you have to be careful of Ocho. Yeah. That when you strengthen one side or you're thinking you strength in one side, The other side doesn't relax. You Get that a lot.


Oh man. Now we don't have to Odoo What, we normally Odoo 'cause they gonna be able to score points and then you let up on your, on your end and then all of a sudden It snowballs. Right. Big Green Show said, well The Cowboys win a Super Bowl in your life. Well they did. They won three in my life. No, they won a lot more than three. They won five in my lifetime. Right. I was born in 68. So they won two in The seventies and they won three in The nineties. So they did win five Super Bowls in my lifetime. Now I don't know if they're gonna win anymore in my lifetime, but they have won five. I think they have a chance to win again when things change. I leave It at that.


T said, what's up UNC 85 as receivers. Odoo. Y'all take pride in blocking. I know Tide is different but on The Ravens It seems like they don't mind. Well they're run. They they're a running team. You got The block, You ain't got no choice. Look at that Breeze Hall run. Look at Mike Williams block. Look at Lazar block. That's The difference. When time you see long runs by running back. The receivers are blocking. Look at The 49 ERs. Look at Deebo, look at Iuk, look at Jennings. Look at Kittle. If you want your, if you want your running back to have success. If you want to have a successful running game, your wide receivers have to block. Yeah.


And Gotta make It a point of emphasis. And you gotta make It important to th I'm The, I'm The. I'm probably arguably might be The best block and receiver ever, ever, ever. Because half The time I ain't have to touch nobody. Just run 'em off. Yeah. Ask my running backs. Ask Rudy Johnson. Yeah. Ask, well rest in peace. Cedric Benson, Larry your baby. We had Larry Johnson for a little bit. You know that. Yeah. He was washing when he gotta y'all though. That's not nice. That's not, that's not nice, huh? Because listen, when when you Odoo laundry What you doing, you washing.


Right. So you clean yourself. Yeah. But he had nothing. He had nothing. He was on fumes ocho he had done had he already had almost 800 carries in his body in two years. Yeah. He was coming back from that ocho. Yeah. He was toting that pill though. He was toting In Kansas City. Yeah. He was toting that thing. Boy, He wasn't toting It for y'all. Yeah. ho else we had Nah, Michigan running back man. Last last name was Perry. I can't remember his first name. He was, he was good. But yeah, I was, I took pride in my block It man. I wasn't, I wasn't no Hines Ward knocking people out. But I did What, I could, I don't even know if you was Cam Ward man.


Hell no. Nah. But you look at guys in The, west Coast system. West Coast wide receivers. Norm you got a box. You got to, you got to Kemper Norwood Jr. Says, oh, my question is, who's The greatest? N B a coach Phil Jackson or Papa Bitch not including Rings. Oh that's a good one. Yeah. ho would be The best Man. But I mean could he said, But you Could make a, but you could make a case that that Phil coach three of The top 10 players in The history of The game. You could have a strong case that he did.


Everybody has Jordan, either one or two. A lot of people say Shaq, Kobe is top five. And a lot of people say Shaq's in The top 10, I think, look, I don't think anybody gonna Get 11 like Phil has. I don't think anybody gonna Get 11. No, Phil got 11. 11. Jesus, you got six with The Bulls and five with The Lakers. Damn. I don't, I don't, I don't think anybody, I think Pop does more coaching.


I think Phil did, did better managing egos. Right. And that's a coach that's coaching in and of itself to Get guys to buy in and to play for each other even if you don't like each other. Right. I think that you said, Go ahead. Were you saying that Pop had The deal with egos? No, I'm saying Phil managed ego. Oh, Phil, I thought I'm trying. Pop is more like Coach Belichick. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good comparison. Very good comparison. The The structure is there. Right. This is What. We Odoo and his best player bought in so he could ride Timmy.


Like Coach Belichick rode tall. Right. Right. So with everybody else, well damn if he got on Timmy, well let me Get my itch together. Together. Yeah. If he got on Tom, let me Get my stuff together. Oh yeah. Because A lot of time coaches, they'll coach The team through their best player, especially if they know he can handle It. Right. So I'm sure Tom at The time didn't take too kindly of It. But, but here's The thing though. Ocho he, He didn't show It. You win. Tommy would've done, Tom would've done anything to win.


Right. Even swallow his pride and let coach Belichick say some things or coach him in a manner that he felt was unnecessary at times. Right. I'm sure Tim felt The same way. But at The end of The day, What Odoo, we try to Odoo here trying to win championships. One common goal at The end of The day. And If that helps us win championships, let's Odoo It Jay, exclusive Uncle Ocho. Most players don't. Get drafted to their home state team with Bose of you growing up in Georgia and Miami, would you two have loved to Get drafted to play for The Falcons of The Dolphins?


Absolutely not. Hell yeah. Absolutely not. I wish I could have played at home, man. I coulda had all my, I could all, all my homeboys man outta The city at each game. But we would've boy we would've been lit. Boy. No way. God know you Odoo. He put me in Colorado. They hadn't even heard of Colorado when I went there. You wouldn't wanna play in Atlanta? Hell no. You gotta real Ocho The Falcon were terrible when I was growing up. Oh, okay. That's why. Okay. Okay. Understandable. Well, The Dolphins won't that good when I was growing up. They just had a really good defense. No, when you was growing up, they had damn Marino.


No, I'm saying when It was time for me to Get drafted, they had a really good defense. Oh, well they had Zach and Jason And Jason Taylor. Shit, pat on one side. Sam Madison on The other, I think Brock, me Brock Merriman. I think, if I'm not mistaken, Y was It year my bill. Or that might have been a little bit Later. But yeah, they they was nice on defense boy On Claude Hector said, uncle Ocho, thank you for Bose of What. Y'all Odoo Odoo. You guys plan on bringing back The. Stay with me shirts. I think we're bringing th back as a hoodie, right?


Oh, I, yeah, I need that. I need that. I need that. I need that. I need that. Oh, Hey, stay tuned this Friday. There's a drop that's gonna happen. Can't tell you What It is, but stay tuned. Right? Speak Speaking of Drop. I'm, where's my, that's my Michelle shirt. I made sure you didn't Get It and you sold out. But I ordered It. I paid for It though. We Gonna refund your money because I know you gonna come on here with It all Come on here. Hey, I'm sorry. Listen, I'm, I've been waiting on The. I've been waiting by The mailbox waiting on, I wore The four shirts. That, that's my Michelle, I think Night clap and, and two other ones.


I know you Odoo. I need th I need th I need th Yeah, I, I could walk through The Airport. That's my Michelle Jamie j Breezy Williams. Hey Uncle Ocho, your girl Jay Brey from Mod Squad here. My son's 15th birthday is tomorrow. My daughter's birthday is tomorrow. Also, can you give, can you and everyone give Brendan Williams from Chicago a big happy birthday? Ocho? Can you sing? Love you Bose keep killing It Sing. Oh His name. Brendan, your mom, Jamie wants to wish you a very happy birthday. She said you are an incredible 15-year-old. Bright, bright future ahead of you.


Yeah. Listen to your mom, stay in school. Odoo your homework. Say no to drugs and hey bro. The sky's The limit. It's so I wanna wish you a happy 15th birthday to from Chicago. Happy birthday to you. Hi sound. Happy birthday to you. Oh goodness. God damn. I know I sound good. Happy birthday. That's It. That's It. That's It. I can't Get. I can't Get too much. I can't Get too much that I could blow Now. Happy. Oh that's It. That's It. I'm gonna let It go. Let It go. Hey Unc. I know that thing sound good. You don't, you don't wanna admit It, but I know, I know.


Happy birthday. I got a voice now that I Odoo got. That's one thing about It Alex Figueroa Sharp What is your opinion on Cory Dill for The Hall of Fame Ocho? Yeah. Cory di for The Hall of Fame. God damn right. I don't have The numbers in front of me. He's one of The best to Odoo It. But when I think about players like Corey, Corey not being in when he should be in, I also think about players like just one comes to mind.


Fred Taylor also deserves to be in The Hall of Fame. Definitely. I think The fact that he played It in Jacksonville, it's not doing him any justice. But he should be in, if I'm not mistaken, is The left tackle Tony Belli in The Hall of Fame already? Yes. He got It a couple years ago. Tony, if Tony Belli is in, Fred Taylor deserves to be in It. Two players for The Bangals that need to be in The Hall of Fame, Willie Anderson and Corey Dillon. Yeah. 'cause right now y'all only got one. I think y'all only got Anthony Munoz. Nah, Ken Riley and Ken. And Ken Riley. Yeah. Anthony Munoz and Ken Riley. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I stopped giving my opinion because The headlines always say Hall of Famer.


Shannon Sharpe doesn't think someone deserves to be in The Hall of Fame. Yeah, y'all, if Finn used me for no click bait, Right. Ask me about my brother. I'm gonna say, yeah, he deserves to be in anything. Anybody else. I ain't got no comments. Right. Jamie Nichols said, can you please Odoo a please Odoo a birthday. Shout out to my husband. He turned 40 today. Happy birthday KP Jamie. We would absolutely wish a happy birthday to your husband kp. Happy 40th birthday bro. Big milestone. BNY four zero. Yeah. Life is just starting, man. I remember when I turned bny. Yeah, yeah, I remember. I remember too. I remember too. 16 years ago.


I'll never forget It because I could tell you What I did. I went to a little, little swing as club called Trapeze here in Miami on my 40th birthday. Yeah, that was good old time. I, I shook The covers in The morning. Yeah. Okay. That was a good old time way back then. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. I'm just, I don't really need to be thinking about old memories. But You were real at 40. Huh? I said you were real at 40. Oh shit. I was my Bad.


Yeah, I take that back step. Aaron Staples, Vaughn Miller was on my flight today trying to hide his hoodie was pulled so tight, could only see his eyes. I saw his face Later, his disguise just brought more attention to him. Have y'all ever wore disguise in public? No. Nah, I don't wear disguises because when you wear disguise, It forces people to really try to figure out ho It is. Yeah. Yeah. I just, but I What, I Odoo, I blend in so well you probably wouldn't even notice me in public anyway. I blend in with everybody. Nothing flashy, you know, just normal sweats, flip flops, a hat, sunglasses. You'll probably know if I got coffee in my hand or I got McDonald's in my hand.


That's a big giveaway. Other than that. But you'll never know it's me. No, I've never worn disguise What. People already say I knew It was you. I could tell by that voice. So you might as well just go ahead and just Odoo disguise. What. I mean, What. Am I ho, am I gonna be What? Am I gonna be put a fake mustache on Get you a fake beard? Maybe Get a a fake afro. Nah, that's too much attention. That's Yeah, because they be like, why you wearing Afro What you doing with Afro in 2024? Nah, Get you a nice beard. Maybe I Get me some braid. Maybe I Get me some corn rolls. I like that. I like that. Corn rolls.


No, Isaiah Lancaster say Ocho unc and Ocho Nightcap is The best Sports pie. And it's not even close. Odoo The 49 ERs have a chance to beat The KC on this Sunday. Yes. Yeah. They got a chance. Definitely got a chance. Are they gonna win? Probably not. Where's this game in KC or 49 ERs? I, they, they could have It don't matter, I don't think. Shit. They know they could have been playing this goddamn game in The. Himalayas. It is in San Fran.


It don't matter. Oh damn. I just saw Trav at The game tonight. He and Taylor was at The game and in New York, you know he's from Cleveland. Basketball, Football, baseball. Oh, The Guardians. That's right. The Guardians. I forgot The guardians were playing. Oh, they they coming off The. Bye. Yeah. So he don't have to be to work till Wednesday. Yeah, that must be nice. Yeah. We got, we got half a day Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.


We had to be back by noon on Monday. Remember th remember th days. I remember seeing everybody, everybody all The. Other teams getting off a whole week. Not on my shut hand. Watching wasn't getting no damn whole week off. I mean now it's required. You gotta Get The whole week off. Mike wasn't playing that, that wasn't happening. No. Cho It It was not happening. Yes, they absolutely have a chance to be deported. Beat Kansas City rematch of The Super Bowl. Yeah. But mean, I dunno if, if if Mack go play. No, he's out. And Jordan Mason I think is out as well.


If I'm not mistaken. I could, I could be wrong Ward. I'm not sure if he's playing. Wow. A big blow. Those are some big blows if they're not there. ho. Well, we got time. We, we got Thursday and Saturday before we make our prediction. Oh yeah. No C Mac. Nope. Jordan Mason is questionable. Thank you guys for joining us for tuning in.


After you watch The Bills, take down The Jets on The Road. Move to four and two sole possession of first place 2320 over The, New York Jets. Josh Allen scrambles for first down to Seal The victory. He was 19 of 25, 215 yards, two touchdowns. They go on The Road and Beat The, New York Jets 2320. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite number 85. He's from Liberty City. He's a Bengals ring of Fame honoree. He, he's The pro bowler and all pro he's ocho.


Please make sure you subscribe, please make sure you hit that subscribe button and please make sure you hit that like button. And guys Odoo us a favor. Go subscribe to The Nightcap podcast feed wherever you Get your podcast from. And thank you guys for God every subscriber matters and we thank you for mattering.


Go check out Shea by La Portier. We're gonna be in about 14 to 16 states by The end of The year. And if we're currently not in a state near you, you can order. We'll ship It right to your home. We have It in stock and so The weight will be minimal at best.


Please go follow my media page, company page on all platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out.


th on and ocho ts are back in stock. I repeat th on and ocho ts are back in stock. People have begun receiving their orders. Thank you guys for letting us know. Saw a couple of you guys on Twitter and IG that you received your order. Thank you for your support and thank you for your patience.


Please go vote for us for The Signal Awards. Nightcap is nominated for two awards. Best Live podcast recording and best co-host team. We're currently in second place on Bose of those. Voting is open through midnight October 17th and you'd have to create an account and verify your email. Again, you have to create an account and verify your email.


Club Shay is also nominated for three awards. Pop culture, pop culture and variety Show best athletes Shaping Culture show and best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. Thank you in advance for your support and we greatly, greatly appreciate you supporting Club, Shay and Nightcap because none of this is possible without your support. So thank you again. Again. The bills go on The Road Snap. A two game losing streak 2320 over The New York Jets to grasp sole possession of The A f C East with a four two record The Jets fall to two and four and we we'll see with The trade deadline vast vastly approaching.


See What moves The Jets make in order to try to Get back into this thing and possibly make a wild Card bid. Or even when The division. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We're off until Thursday. See y'all. Yeah. I'm gonna Get some rest y'all. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball The, blind Side and Liars Poker. On The latest season of my podcast against The Rules. I'm exploring What. It means to be a sports fan in America. And What The Rise of Sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against The Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against The rules. Listen to Against The Rules on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.