
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


From Hobby Farmers to weekend gardeners and everyone in between. Tractor Supply Trust, 5G Solutions From T-Mobile for business to make shopping more personal. Together, we're connecting over 2200 stores with 5G Business, internet, and powering AI so team members can match shoppers with products faster. You're all Set. This is enriching customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna say big with cash back offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check Offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


Holiday magic is in the air, and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. You new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Jets are reportedly set to interview Ron Rivera and Rex Ryan for the head coach and vacancy at the Jets Ocho. Who would be the better fit? I'm biased, so don't ask me. So You you you don't like Rex going back? Nah, but I'm saying I I know Rex sexy Rex. He was on the staff in Baltimore. His dad came and worked me out when I was at, at the Bronco, not the Broncos. When I was in Savannah state. OCHO buddy, his dad rested, so came and worked me out. He said, son, I watched the tape. He says, we're gonna take a bunch of receivers. Right? He said, we're gonna put all their ass in the bag and the best ones are gonna play.


Not what he told me. I like that He drafted all those receivers and I remember him telling me he is like, he, I effed up. He said, we took a bunch of receivers, but none of 'em was you. They took a Fred Barnet, they took I think Calvin Williams. Mike Melanie. Yeah. They took like four receivers, Ocho none of 'em named Shannon Sharp. And that, that, that's motivating. Oh yeah. That is motivating in the itself. Who you Like best? Ocho You like Ron Rivera, you like Rex Ryan. Like I, I like Rex. I like Rex. I I don't think Ron has the, the right and and personality's not the right word to use.


He does. He just doesn't fit the New York atmosphere. The New York meter. I mean the New York Rex has been there, done that. He knows, he knows, he Knows what he Definitely knows. He definitely knows how to talk to the media. Yeah. He he has the personality. He's charismatic. Yeah. Ron Rivera, he just doesn't fit. He just doesn't fit. I mean, good, good coach. He just doesn't fit in that atmosphere. I don't think that's what they need. So you like, you like Ron. I mean you like I I like Rex Rex. Yeah. I like, I like re back. Especially Rex, Rex is a defensive mind as well too, right? Yeah. I'm mistaken. Well, we definitely have that defense playing well, but lemme ask you this. What are you doing with who, who are you bringing in as offensive coordinator and what are you doing with the quarterback?


Mm. And that's, see that's the scary part. So it doesn't matter, you switch coaches if you don't have nobody to him that can be able to get the ball and deliver that thing. It ain't no point. It ain't no point. You're signing, you're signing yourself up for suicide basically, which is not gonna be able to compete. We don't have a quarterback. True. So, Because I don't believe, I don't believe the grounding pound that he employed with Mark Sanchez and running the football with Thomas Jones and those guys and playing outstanding defense ocho. You can't win like that today. Yeah, no. You quarterback, they're gonna force your quarterback to make plays. They just do. They just do. Yeah. And it used to be if you brought your, your run game and a defense, because running game and defense travels, not anymore Ocho it's still a travel, but they're gonna make your quarterback make some plays.


It's really that simple. Right. They gonna make it make plays and he gotta be able to make those plays got too ocho. Yeah. There's been speculation that the Raiders co co-owner, Tom Brady, really like Brian Flores, has a potential head coaching candidate. Flores has done damage some amazing things with the bikes. Yeah. Remember he, he was the defensive coordinator when they won the Super Bowl against the Rams right. In Atlanta. And then he got the head coaching job at, at Miami. Okay. He was the linebacker's coach. When did he become to dc? He was, he was never to DC Okay.


So he was the linebacker's coach that got the job. Okay. Because Patricia was the DC Okay. You like that? You like Brian Flores to the Vike. Absolutely. Absolutely. Now listen, I think Brian Flores and what he was able to do with the Vikings defense, obviously the personnel and the, the talent and skill level may be a little different, little bit more upside when it comes to the Viking defense. But I think it would be good. I think he, I think he'd be a good fit. I don't like the fact that they're firing or getting rid of AP when AP hasn't had a chance because he been going through a goddamn quarterback carousel and the got merry around the quarterback. So it's hard to be able to, again, I say it all the time, you can't compete unless you got a quarterback.


None. Zero. There's zero chance. You Can't, you can't. He he chance, Who do he have Chance opportunity. Who do you have Ocho He had Jimmy G he had Garner Menchu, A O'Connell, A O'Connell With anybody else else Who was anybody else there Tho those, those are the main three that, that I do remember. There's no disrespect to them. No disrespect to them, bro. But you know, we talk about tier two, tier three quarterbacks. What am I supposed to do with that? Nothing. You can't do. I, You gimme chicken Putin say make me some chicken salad. And I needed to be yummy. You are right. I mean, I like Ryan Flores.


I think he, I think he's done a great job of rehabilitating himself because all the things that were coming out were weren't favorable. Right? Right. You hear two us say things, you hear Ryan Fitzpatrick say things. There's some other people that have come out and said some things, but that, look, at the end of the day, Brian, if I would tell, all I would say is this be you? Yeah. You're not Coach Belichick. And I think that is the one mistake all the coaches under that tree has Made be made. Yeah. Trying To, they try to be Coach Belichick, right? Yeah. Be you In fact, listen, that way of coaching wouldn't work in this area anyway. Huh? If you look at, look at the guys that come out of Mike Shanahan album, Kyle Shanahan Street, Sean McVay, Sean McVay, Matt LeFlore is Matt LeFlore.


Right? Kevin O'Connell is Kevin O'Connell. Mike McDaniels. Mike McDaniel. Right. Don't nobody try to be like him. I don't know why when that's not your personality. When they look up there and they hear you sounding like Coach Belichick, but they're like you, Brian Flores. Right? You mad Patricia, you Josh McDaniel, you Bill O'Brien, you, Charlie White, you Romeo Cannell. You are not him. I try to be him. So that would be my advice to him. I hope he gives another opportunity. Normally the second time around is better than the first. Yeah. And and where you go is very important. But you have some pieces you, you, you get to work with over there.


You Jack Jones, max Crosby know you got some other young books. You Got Christian Wilkins. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta, You got Rock B, you gotta get a quarterback. You gotta get a quarterback. And they got a lot of never got. How much cap space do the Raiders have? Raiders got a lot of cap space now. They gonna have a little dead cap space on there with Devonte Adams dealing and him, they gonna have a little dead cap space. But no, Joe, that's it. They got money. Yeah. They gotta spend it. Yeah. I mean, listen, you don't wanna spend on anything. Raiders Got the second most cap money to spend, don't you? Hey, that's, that's a beautiful thing. But you don't just wanna spin on anything. You wanna spin on the right thing. Yeah. Oh, for sure. Oh, for sure. But all I know is this, Josh McDon Daniels has been the head coach of two teams and he's left them worse off than when he found him.


He's with the Broncos and he was terrible. He was awful. I I think they feel the same way about him and, and, and, and at the Raiders. Right. Ah, that's messed up, man. Listen, he, but I'm surprised, would I be surprised if he's not the head of the offensive coordinator at, at North Carolina? I wouldn't be. Would you be shocked if he followed Coach Belichick, the UNC? I would not. That's a good one. That's a, that's a good matter of fact. I'm I'm gonna ask Bill. I'm gonna ask Bill if he want, if he'll let me intern Rumor Pat could move on for Jar Mayo and, and for Mike Bel.


Mike Bel has a consulting gig with the Browns that ended. What Do you believe Jar may od May has gotten a fair shake, don't you? Oh, it's absolutely not fair. Absolutely not fair. Like, come on, man G Coach. I mean, You do realize that The three year of Grace period, How many games have the, the Patriots won. Three. Three. Three. Three or 13. We, in my, We have three or 13. Coach Belichick was five and 11 his first season. Right. And he was about to go worse than that.


Until that faithful hit. Mo Lewis put on Drew Bledsoe and Tom Brady fell out the sky. Yeah. That's a crazy story. It it, it is Ocho it's like your house about to go in floor closure. You driving down the street and a bag of money fall out the truck. Right. You like, Lord, look at this. I'm good now let me go pay without. Okay, there you go. Let me go pay without o Coach. Head coach Shane Steichen addresses accountability. Called out by Pat McAfee. Not everyone is going to be on time. Jonathan Taylor alleged coach issues. No one thinks the standard has to be raised. The playoffs has to be the standard.


You gotta get in in order to establish that standard. Like, listen, this is the Indianapolis coach. The standard is the playoffs. Mm. It's hard when you lose to change the mindset. Right. The standard's gotta be the standard. Everybody gotta be punctual. Everybody needs to be on time. Everybody needs to be accountable. Right. Everybody needs to like, okay, what's, Hey coaches, you set the vision, you set the agenda. What is it where you're trying to do, Right? Mm. A we're trying to go a, when our home games go eight Oh, at home, go 500 on the road.


12 and four will get you into the playoffs every year. Ocho Yeah. That's profit. Now, more times than not, that'll win you the division. Now sometimes a team will go 13 to three or 14 to two in one. But 12 and four is gonna get you into the playoffs every year. The standard that you have to have a sta you have to have an ethos. Yeah. Something that's foundational. Something. Every great organization you look at the army, the Navy, the Air Force, Marines, they got an ethos. They got something that they believe in you. The proud. Right. So what is it that the, the coach, what are you selling? I guarantee you when p was there, you had a standard. I guarantee you. Oh yeah. Listen, he coming in. You know, the sheriff ain't play that.


IGI guarantee you Sheriff did not play that. Everybody has to be everybody. Like I I I just a stick. That's that. Not everyone is going to be on time, huh? Yeah. What did you do that at how many, when you was there, how many people came late Ocho to meet him? Oh, no, no, no, no, No. It you in New England? No, no, no, no, no. Everybody was early. Huh? Everybody was early. Man. Mike didn't play that One. Be in one sound. You got That's, that's the only way you can win. Yeah. That's the only way you can win.


You can be accountable. You gotta wait. What's your way? Mike ain't playing that. You don't know how many times I've seen the guys go get in the sauna, go get on the bike, go get on the treadmill, go get on the stairs. Like, oh, it's $50 a pound and it double. So you five over, that's 50. Next week it's a hundred over, it's a hundred. And the next week it's 200. Now what you wanna do, that's your money. Yeah. But if I go get it, It's crazy. I just, like I said that I ocho I came along at the perfect time. It would drive me crazy Ocho because I don't think guys take it near as serious enough.


Oh yeah. Yeah. It is different. I, I honestly ocho I live and die by it. I live, that was the only thing that mattered. Right. It was the only thing. And I believe in order for you to be great, that's the price you have to pay Got too. You guys, boy Lord got too. Is there any team that has a more complicated relationship with the former Grace Peyton Manning? I I mean if you didn't know Peyton, if you didn't really like watch, you think Peyton Manning was a Bronco his whole career. He lives in Denver. He's always at the Broncos game. Yes. He lives in Denver. Serious. He's never gone. He's never gone back. I think they went back when they unveiled a statute.


Right. He never forgave Jim ey for what he did With the, with the neck injury to let him go. Yep. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ey in Denver. He does stuff for Denver. He's big in the community in Denver, right? Yes. Pat McAfee was, was a, I think an all pro made a couple Pro Bowls. Right? I dunno if it was Andrew. Well, Andrew Luck hadn't been back. 'cause now he's the GM of the Stanford Cardinals. Yeah. Yeah. I know y'all say, y'all say he a coach, but that ain't how he sees himself. Right.


Y'all See him as a coach. That's not how he sees himself. Right. Because how many times did y'all see Colts? How many times have y'all seen Peyton at a game? Bronco fans. How many times have you seen Bronco Peyton at a game? All the time. I can answer that for you. Yeah. Because every time I go I see him. Every function that we go to that night. Peyton is there. Peyton wasn't part of no wins, no Super Bowl. But he is there. Yeah. He's at the games. Hold on, let me, I got, I got, I got, I got, I got PT real quick. Go ahead. We ain't need to know that, but okay.


Ooh, We got a good one thing here. I can't wait for y'all to get this queue a this thing gonna be nice. Oh Lord. How mercy. Okay, Now someone ask how many takes does it take me to do promos? It all depends on how much verbiage it is. Sometimes they be thinking, I'm a professional at this. I normally like to get the reads first. You know, Ash want me to come in here cold.


It just, it just throws stuff up, up on the prompter. I'm like, can I get the, can I get a read? Can I go over it a couple of times? But normally this takes me about, it takes me like about two Now Jordan, pull out the camera. I get it in one because he try to get some quick, he was trying to get some cakes. Try to make me look bad. I He don't, he don't. Yeah. Then he try to get ERs out of me. Ash don't think I'd be sitting, but, but I see, I see what she be trying to do. She be trying to make me look bad. But this ain't what I do. But I've gotten, you know, this is what I have to do.


Yeah. Alright, Ocho, now it's time for Rough Draft. Wait. Oh, what, what shade though? Well, you about, you about you about to lose again. I get to go first. Ocho. Oh, whoa. You, you lost. You just that. Oh, y'all do that Ocho now, you know, we alternate turns going first. Ocho, why you do That? I mean, listen, if it is, when you play, when you play basketball, when you play one-on-one. Right? When you play one-on-one in basketball and you make it, you take it.


You know, I mean, I'm, that's, I I Don't understand. That is what we did when I beat your eyes out first than when I was winning. Hold on, let me, let me, lemme go to my Rough Draft list real quick. So if you gonna go first, I need to make sure I'm on point so I can counter whatever it is you do. Okay? Okay. Lemme go to my Rough Draft though. Hold on. The, here it is the most common New Year's resolution. You ready on Cho? Oh, I, oh wait, wait. Let me go. Lemme go first. No, you're not going first. I'm going first. Okay, go ahead. Because You know, since you a financial guru, I know you wouldn't, you a financial guru, right?


Ocha. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So what should be about New Year's number one resolution? What? Saving money or something. Oh, There you go. Right there. Ocha. I'm gonna save money. You know you wrong, you definitely wrong the number one New Year's resolution for everybody. And if you notice for the, for those of you in the chat, if you work out a lot, everybody I'm getting in the gym. Okay. The first week, the first week of January, everybody got they black ass in the gym. Oh my bad. Okay. I just cursed. I eat $20. You did? Oh, I $20. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Your glasses are on your shirt. Oh, Ocho Man, I'm looking all I'm looking all under the table, man.


Come on man. New Year's resolution. Okay. You know what Ocho we gonna cut down. What are we gonna cut down on? I'm gonna cut down on drinking. Stop drinking. Quit smoking. I'm not gonna go out as much. Ocho. Now that's a lie. That that's a lie. That's, that's a habit. That's, that's hard to break. But that's, Hey, Go ahead. My first one was workout more, right?


Yes. And I went quit smoking for my second one. Yes. My, my next one. Who up? You up? I'm up. Ooh, stress less. Okay. You know what Ocho Yes sir. I think me and you both need to do this. We gonna be better people. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a great person. No, No volunteer or give back.


Okay. Lying like I'm lying like a man on. Yeah. You ain't volunteer. What am I going to do? I'm going to, you know what Ocho Yeah. I'm gonna give, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be charitable. Well, I just said that. I said volunteer, give back. No volunteer. You volunteering or you giving, or you giving charity or you giving the money. Volunteer time. You ain't volunteering. No money. Volunteering and, and giving back is two different things. I'm talking about donating charity. Okay. You talking about your time. Okay. Right. Yeah. Or you wanna buy or you want to give some money up. You ain't giving no money up. Vote Joe. Nah, absolutely not. I not, I, I, I, I got, I, this this is a good one because people always do this when in their, in their New Year's resolutions.


2025. I'm gonna be a new me. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna learn a new skill. I'm gonna learn a new hobby. Okay. And that last, that last for maybe a month or two. All these last for a month or two. But it, but it, but it look good written down on paper. You know, don't you What I'm gonna do Ocho Yeah. I'm gonna spend more time with family and friends. You Know what? I'm gonna be more positive knowing, damn, knowing Damn. Where you not Nope. We, we thrive off negativity in general. I think you lost this one too. Honestly. No, I think I got this one. No, Joe. No, you lost. But the chat, the chat will tell you. You ain't gonna tell.


Alright, there it is. Okay. I went with save money, cut down on alcohol, not gonna go out as much. I'm gonna be a better person. I'm gonna donate and spend more time with family and friends Ocho like get in the gym, quit smoking, stress less volunteer, learn a new hobby or skill. Be more positive. Oh. Oh, Ocho I thought John was cursing less. Remember that's what you said, that was gonna be your New Year's resolution. Right? But it ain't I knew you. I knew It ain't, oh Lord. I knew you was F os You know what F fos is? Oh shit. Yeah, there you go. Right there. Yeah. That's when I knew it. Hold on. But it's not New Year's yet. You, You said most common New Year's resolution.


Right. And you not gonna even do your resolution. Yeah, but it ain't New Year's yet. So it's, it hadn't, it hadn't kicked in Yet. No, but you no, you supposed to write it down first. It did it in act in the new year. Right. I'm remember, you know what? I'm gonna make a vision board on what I need to work on in change for 2025. Well, Considering you couldn't find your glasses, they was on your damn net. You gonna walk right by that vision board. Oh, that was funny.


From the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go Travelers with real-time information throughout the airport. This is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress Fee free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open an account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs.


Okay, Ocho, now it's time for o cho's. Favorite segment. It's called Fellow Cinco. Hey Chad. I just want to tell y'all I apologize for my last, last on my behalf and on my part. And for that I I I just wanna apologize. I've been in my thesaurus so I should, I should farewell today. You Should, huh? Yeah. Okay. OCHO? Yeah. Your first word? Incandescent. Incand. Incandescent.


Incandescent In incandescent. I-N-D-O-D-O-S-C-E-N-T. Endo. Oh nobody. I-N-C-A-N-D-E-S-C-E-N-T Incandescent. Damn. I put that fucking O in there. My bad. You so you just gonna bypass the c Huh? I said INC.


No, you said I don't worry about it. Incandescent ocho Harvey succumb to his injuries. The word is succumb. Succumb is CU double CUMB Succumb or cucu. But you spell cucu. And, but succumb is S-U-C-C-U-M-B-S-U Double CUMB. Yeah, That's what I said. You said C Chad.


What did he say? I said, I said CUMB. What did you talk about, Chad? What did this man say? He said he said S Ash. I know you Can hear me, Chad. Wait, what? No, for real. I, no, seriously, I know how not You, we gonna play it back for you. Guess what? We gonna put it in a thing. We gonna show it back. We'll show it back to you later this week. Oh, See, I I didn't mean that. I I know how to spell succumb. I, I I couldn't tell. Oh, I, I not from the way you spelled it. It clearly you didn't know how to spell it. Hold I said C instead of best. Yes, But you know, you know I didn't mean that because I said double C. What the hell? I know. I dunno what you supposed to be.


Yeah. You know. I know. So come start with a SI don't, I couldn't tell. Oh, come on man. See, see, see you. You should gimme that one knowing I got it. I just, Right now Ocho is doing like the fish on the bank. He's flailing, flailing, flailing, Flail, flailing, fla, flailing, flail, flail, flailing. I, I, I want, I wanna go F-L-A-I-A-L flail Leo fla ling.


F-L-A-I-L-I-N-G. Correct. Ah, fla. There we go. There we go. That's a good start. I'm not. Your next is en rapture On myself In rapture. Huh? En rapture. En rapture. En rapture. Use the, in a sentence for me real quick. Let me find the word for you. Oh, you ain't got it in front of you? Nope. Not in a sentence form In rapture.


And now you know it's gonna mess me up. Right here is, what is it? IN or EN Ruth was enraptured by the child who was sleeping in her arm so peacefully. See, I, I don't, I don't like this. I don't, I don't like this word. You told me To use it in a sentence. Oh No, I know. No, I'm just saying I don't like this word simply because it can be IN rapture or EN rapture. It means to give intense pleasure or joy to, Okay, so like foreplay. Sure. Okay. Let see. I-N-E-N-I-N-E-N. Any me mighty moe kiters say goodbye to, to.


All right. I'm gonna just go with E 'cause E comes before I, so I'm gonna just, I'm gonna wing it. En rapture. E-N-R-A-P-T-U-R-E. Correct. En rapture. This ain't what you want. What you Thought you was gonna get with this Harvard education. Man, stop playing with me, boy. Let's go, let's go. Go chat. I got this. I told y'all, I told y'all I was in my thesaurus feeling good. I can't get too high on myself though. I gotta stay calm. Stay humble.


Stay humble. Your next word is emblazoned. What? Emblazoned. M blazing. Emblazoned Emblazoned To decorate or print something in a very noticeable way. Emblazoned. Is it? Is it I am or EM Emblazoned to decorate or print something in a very noticeable way. Usually with pictures, slogans, or name. I'm finna, I'm finna get this wrong, Knight.


Teddy is emblazoned on my T-shirt. Ah, em, emblazon. I'm finna wing it. I am B-L-A-Z-E-N-E-M-M-B-L-A-Z-O-N-E-D. Okay. That's too much. That's too much. You didn't pronounce it the right way for me to know. It would end it with END. I said blazing. What do you thinking blazing me Mean? You said blazing. So it sounded like the way you Emblazoned said it emblazoned.


Well, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta sound it out. So I hear a D at the end blazing. No. That, that, no. Nobody said duh. Hey, I didn't, I didn't do too well. I don't like that. You doing quite well, aren't you? Last word, aren't you? Hello? Hey. Gotta get, I gotta get it to you in a, a, a, a, a sentence.


Come On, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Hold. You ready? I got this. I got this. I got this. I got this. I got this. I know I got this. You sure? I I, I, I promise you, I I promise you on, on, on this. Chapstick. I ain't getting this wrong on this Chapstick. What you think? I want that chapstick. Have you done put it on your lips?


I I ain't, my, my lips ain't been nowhere. Maybe not recently, but they have been. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Boy, I'd rather Kiss a monkey duty man. You crazy bad. Hey, Chad. Come on man. I just know you like to use Chapstick. So I would just, I would just off it. Not, not, not no rub on. Oh, my bad. Oh, well you could just, you can use your, you can use your finger with this too now. No, you can't. Look, look, look, look, look, look. Okay, Ocho, the last word is acquiescent Act. You cent act. You cent.


Act. Act ready to accept something without protest or do what someone else wants. Okay? Acquiescent. Yes. So act cent another AEs to the mans Act. So a CQ Accu? No, A Q. Okay. A QUE.


Cent. Cent, Yeah. S-E-E-N-T-A-C-Q-U-I-E-S-C-E-N-T. Aq. Esent. See, they ain't have to put all that. See, they ain't see this, this what I don't like about the English language. You ain't had to put all the bullshit in between. Just Let it be. Well, damn, why you expecting to spell the word? Don't You? Listen where the IE come from. Why even put, why even put the IE in there For what? Like, come on, man. Like I, man, that embarrass me in front of people tonight, man. Goy man.


Man. I know. Not people chat. Gonna think, I don't know. I don't know my shit. You did. Okay. Alright. Ocho, final segment. Damn. Now it's time for Dunk on Unc. No, we got another segment after this Dunk on Unc Might go on five at night. What's the theme? Gimme the theme. The theme. Yes. Oh, when you hear a question, you gonna know the theme. The theme is sports. This is a sports show. We just, we just have to, when we actually have topics about, you know, culture. Okay. Okay. Okay, here we go.


You ready? Yes. Chat. Please do not put the answers in the chat. Please do not do that because unc Key likes to sit down to the chat and get the answer at age 59. This, this pitcher took the out for the Kansas City athletics in 1965, making him the oldest person ever to pitch in a major league baseball game. Who is he? Leroy, satchel, Paige, God, damnit. Stop that. Get ww You know what?


I shouldn't, Hey, I shouldn't asked you that because you, you was probably asking, I logged on. You was, y'all know I'm logged on, right? You that y'all know I'm logged on, right? Nah, nah, Ocho you know they call me sle, right? They call you Who? S-H-O-O-G-L-E. Chle. You got Google and you got sle. That's me. I'm Chle. He says. That's what I want you to dress. I amle. Yeah, no. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. This NFL franchise remains the only team to have claimed three consecutive league championships back in 19 29, 19 30, and 1931 before the Super Bowl era.


Woo. Oh my goodness. I guess I'm gonna go, I don't know. I'm gonna say curly Lambos packers. Oh, this, this nigga here Put stuff. Chad, y'all better stop playing with me. Y'all better stop playing with him. Nah man. Somebody man, you must be getting briefed on this or something, man. Bro, if you do, how bad Ash. Every time I get what wrong, this is what Ash does.


I'm like, what side are you on? Here we go. Oh man. In 2014, he became the first quarterback in NFL history to throw six touchdown passes in consecutive games. Ooh. Yes. We got in 2014. 2014, we got him chat. We got him chat first quarterback Ooh. In history to throw six touchdown passes in consecutive games. We got him, we got him on the ropes and he can't get off.


He trying to get up out the corner, but I'm cutting off the ring. It, it's, it's whew. Mm mm Yeah, I know, I know, Man. I want say I'm gonna take it is one or two, but I want to go, I'm gonna say Nick Bowes. Oh, absolutely not. The answer, the answer you were looking for was Ben Roethlisberger. Oh, Ben Roethlisberger.


You not gonna get the rest of you. These next, these next Oh yeah, these next two. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. These next three. Oh, you done. You done. Okay. He remains the only head coach to lead a team to victory in both a Super Bowl and a Rose Bowl. So at the NFL level and at the collegiate level, he's won a Super Bowl. And a Rose Bowl. What? Head coach. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. To have it been but three coaches.


Yeah. I gave, yeah. To win the Super Bowl and a bowl. Oh, you said he led the team to the Super Bowl to Lead the team to victory. Oh, victory for victory. Ooh, We, Huh? Yeah, you, I thought you were logged in. Guess you connected that. That is absolutely wrong. The answer you were looking for is Dick Veril. The answer for is At UCLA.


Here we go. Here we go. These two NBA legends share the record for the most NBA star. Excuse me, I'm reading too fast. Slow down. Chad pronunciate your words and let it out. These two NBA legends share the record for the most. NBA all star game MBP awards each taken home. Four. Are you sure? Lemme give it to you one more time, Because I know Kobe's won four. Kobe has the, Kobe has four. Okay. I stay with me now.


These two NBA legends share the record for the most. NBA all game MVP awards. Ocho Each Ocho Yeah. That find that low question. Pete Carroll also won a Rose Bowl and a Super Bowl, but, okay, you were saying So, so, so let me finish. I, I, I don't, you know what? I don't, I don't want to get you distracted. I don't wanna get you distracted. You said four MVPs.


I know Kobe has three, I has four, right? Kobe has four. LeBron has three. He has 10 people. Only other person I can think of that would even come close. Russ has two P have one I four. Yeah. Oh yeah.


I don't know Michael Jordan. Absolutely not. The answer you're looking For. Is it Russell? Bill Russell? No, it's not. The answer we're looking for is Kobe Bryant and Bob Pitted. Yeah, Bob headed Old St. Louis Hall. Oh yeah. Here we go. He coached the New York giant to two Super Bowl victories and later led the New England Patriots to a Super Bowl appearance, making him the only head coach in the NFL history to take two different franchises to the big game without winning, winning with his second team. Bill Parcells. He won the Super Bowl in 86. In 90. He took the pictures to the Super Bowl in 96 where they lost to the Green Bay Packers.


Are you sure? Final answer. Yeah. You got that one right? Oh, I be lost Ocho. You need to do some. I told you, Pete Carroll, Pete Carroll led a team to the Super Bowl and the Rose Bowl. You sure? Hold on, let me, let me go back to the question. Did he win the Rose Bowl? Yes. Between me and you? Yeah. He won the Rose Bowl four times. I don't want the facts to ruin the argument.


So, So what you, what you, what you went We, we had the same record, huh? No, we did not have the same record. I got three, right? You got two, right? I got four. Right. But I win again. Damn man.


From the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go Travelers with real time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health. Alright, o Joey's time for our last segment of the evening.


It's time for q and a. I'm in a three games ski Longer be who count. I'm in a slum damn OCHO, Dr. Frank Air Bellamy said, I'm riding with y'all into the wheels fall off. Then when that happens, I get out and walk beside y'all. Loyalty doc. We appreciate that. Like I said, doc was one of the first ones. Doc might have been like the first or the second one to actually subscribe because I remember OCHO when I was in New York to do a a, a first take and I looked down at the thing. I think Doc Doc was the first one, one of the first names that I actually saw. And then I remember seeing. So he has actually absolutely been here for the beginning and I appreciate that.


Appreciate it, Doc. We appreciate that support. Isaiah, Lancaster, UNC Ocho. Name your starting offense. Past present, quarterback running back wide receiver tight end. And does the media put Burrow over Lamar when his resume is better than nine and one against him? So you get a quarterback, a running back, wide receiver, tight in. So who's your run? Who's your quarterback? My quarterback would be, I'm gonna go Mahomes. Okay. You got my homeboy?


Yeah. What other position do I need? You Got a running back. Running back. I'm gonna pick would be who style I like better. I'm gonna pick Ed. I'm gonna pick Eric Dickerson. Okay. Ed? Yeah. Okay. You got a wide receiver? I can get one or two. You Get one? I'm, I'm gonna go with Okay. And tight. End Tight. I know this dude pretty good.


My tight, tight end. Me know, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna go with you from a tight end. You gonna take me, you gonna take me Ocho? I appreciate that, Ocho. I'm, I'm gonna give some love. I'm gonna take you. He said pass. Now you can pick anybody past or present. Yeah, I know. Okay. Quarter quarterback for me. I'm going Barry qb. Damn, I ain't gonna put myself on my team, so Right.


I'm gonna go Brady tight end. I'm gonna go Kelsey. That's a good one, Huh? Nah, nah, nah, nah. And wide receiver. I need to flip a coin. Well, who the two you choosing from? Got all right Ocho, who you think my wide receiver should be?


I'm gonna flip a coin heads Jerry Rice tales. It'll be you. But technically since I'm the greatest entertainer of all time that ever graced or touch the green grass in between them white lines. Go ahead. Flip it, flip it So you tails your head rights head. Okay. One thing about it, tail never loses. It's all I'm gonna do is pick it up, show it to the camera. It's head Damn man.


I am sorry. I'm sorry Ocho, but I tell you what I did do. I got this, got this cake for yo Ocho. What that in? It's a sweet potato pound cake with buttercream sauce, with a made with touch or shave by La Portier bottle Sharper. She made this, if you go on IG Ana's buttercream Dream, that's her IG handle and she made this and she sent it to me. So this is a sweet potato pound cake, pound cake buttercream frosting made with a touch of Shea by La Poitier with pecans.


Well that, that sounds good. Boy, My New Year's resolution doesn't include me losing weight. Well, you got eight half of it already. Well, Jordan, whoa. One slide Ash. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I love how Ash had a big pizza, but, oh, I can't finish the whole thing. It was one bite left. It was one bite left. Oh guys, I'm stuck. Really? But guys, take a look at this. This is so Ana Sharper, thank you so much for this sweet potato pound cake made with buttercream frosting and a touch of Shea by La Portier.


Bro, it was, it's incredible. It, it, it looked, it tastes as good as it looks. It, it really does. And so Saana, thank you so much for the cake. I really appreciate that Lanny Ray asked. Hey guys, happy last show of 24 thoughts on Kevin O'Connell getting Coach of the Year also. What a beat Lion sc Yeah, I think it's his. Yeah, I think he's gonna win. He's played a, done a element hell of a job. It's hard for me to see a scenario where Andy gets it. Although Andy is 15. He's 15 and one. Yeah. And he gonna rest his starter so he could easily be six.


Potentially. He still, they still could win. I don't think they will, but they could win. But it's just hard for Andy to get it 'cause he has Mahome. Yeah, I mean, I think did they give, I think they got Coach Belichick. Did they give Coach Belichick the coach of the year when they won, went 16 and Oh yes. Hmm. So how many times have Coach Belichick been Coach of the Year? Okay. So I don't know why they won't give it to Andy then.


Hell, if Coach Belichick can win it three times with Tom Brady. You been to tell me Andy can't win it once with my homeboy. Yeah, that's crazy. With Three Super Bowl, with four Super Bowl appearances. But You, you, you, you already know what to expect from them. You didn't know what to expect from Kevin O Kevin. No. You didn't know what to expect from Coach Belichick and Tom Brady. No, I'm no, I'm I'm just saying you knew. Oh yeah. Kevin O'Connell. Kevin O'Connell should win it this year. That's that's what I mean. You didn't, we didn't even You factor Dan Campbell in. You factor Andy in red. Who else? Matt Lalo. Yeah, But it should be Kevin O'Connell. So Lainey, yes. Kevin O'Connell should be, Hey Lainey, welcome back New Year's.


You in the house, you not out partying, so damn. 25 gonna be gonna be a blast. Cupcake Mama. Thanks guys for a great content all year. Happy New Year's. My birthday is January 7th, but today my kids gifted me tickets to see y'all in Nala. Hey, wow, Cupcake mama. Thank you so much. Really, really appreciate that. We look forward to seeing you, man. That's awesome. That, that's really awesome that you guys have supported us and you come out, you buy merch, you come out to our shows, you listen, you share, you talk about us. We can't thank you enough for being as supportive as you are.


And that's why Ocho I let it go because there's people like Cupcake Mama, it's people like Lanny Ray. It's people like Dr. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy is some of our regular supporters that let us know, right? We got far more supporters, we got far more people in our corners than the haters and the naysayers. What's sir? We need those haters and naysayers. Don't get me wrong, y'all serve y'all role. You know what I'm saying? Just like bugs, bugs have a role. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? One thing about it now, you know, haters are like vegetables. They taste bad, but they're good for you. Yes. Elia Sanchez Ocho just wanted to get a chance before it's too late.


You and my wife share birthday. Her and I share for, for similar things. Like my birthday is May 9th or social security number are two different, two letters, two numbers different. Wanted to see if you can get an OCHO jersey for a birthday. Can she, if she can get an OCHO jersey for a birthday. Yeah, I can make that happen. I can make that happen. Yeah, I can, I can do that. You Make that happen? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I can do that. I can, I can make that happen. I just, I got some jerseys. I got some jerseys at, at, at the big house and he knew who at the big house. So we, we going, we going, we gonna have Ash talk to, I ain't saying her name and she'll get a jersey over there to you.


Jordan. BN I'm not superstitious. I do have some rituals for New Year's, making black eye peas and greens and making sure a man comes through the door first with money in his pocket. Do y'all have any New Year's rituals? I remember that you always, my grandmother always had greens. We always had black greens for money. Black eye peas for good luck. I don't know because growing up there wasn't no money. I guess we, I guess we did have luck because nothing bad really, really happened. Right. But just, just the, just the usual black eye peas, the greens. I'm trying to think, do we have anything else?


I don't think we had anything else else. I think that's, that's, that's the ma that's the major one, right? Greens for money. Black. I peas for good. I don't know how they get black. I pea people used to put like a, a put money, a coin or something. And I've heard people put coins. Right. A coin. Not coins A coin. And you, if you got the coin, that was the good luck. Oh. Oh my god. Ash asked me when was the last time I touched a coin. I don't remember. Because Most of the time I don't, I don't really go in a convenience store.


And I always pay for things like when I go into, like going into like a grocery store. I play with everything. With a credit card. Card. Yeah. So I pay for, you know, gas at the pump. Credit card. Yeah. Marky Gambino. What's up Uncle Ocho? How y'all doing? Love this show. Love. Y'all. Don't change Question. If you can only eat one food, drink for 30 days straight for a hundred million. Oh chicken. Chicken. I can eat. I eat chicken every day. I could eat chicken and for a hundred million dollars I can eat chicken, rice and broccoli and carrots every day for 365 days. For a hundred million. I could, a matter of fact, I could do it for 10.


10, $10. That nah, what? That ain't enough. Please. You eat foodie every day for free. Nah, it come, it come at a cost. Now I don't do I don't do nothing free. Not in this economy. I, I don't do nothing. Nothing for free. Absolutely not. Greg said, what's good, uncle Ocho? Happy New Year from Korea. What up Greg? I had the pleasure of meeting you at Total Wise Endeavor. Love the show.


Does La Portier ship a PO? What is that Jordan? No, you in Korea? Well, I want you going to jail something overseas. Oh Yeah, Yeah. He said military overseas. Don't worry about that. I don't know. But you know what, Greg? We'll look into that and see. I'm not sure 'cause I've never heard, you know, obviously we would like to be able to do that, but sure, we'll check that out.


Maybe we have somebody, you know, talk to the, the administration and see if we can make that happen. Get it on the base. That concludes our final show of 2024. It's been a blast. We've had, how many shows you think we've done? A hundred and twenty five, a hundred fifty. That's it. Over 200. Over 200. We need to ramp that thing up to 300. You out your mind? Hell nah.


Guys, I don't really know right off hand how many shows that we've done, but I can tell you every show that we've done, we've given you our absolute best because when you give us your time, you give us your attention. I think we owe you that. We owe you to come out here as prepared as we possibly can. Talk football, talk life, be as entertaining, be as factual as we possibly can be as informative as we possibly can. That's what you should demand and require from us. And in return, you give us your ears, you give us your eyeballs and we appreciate that.


Absolutely. We're nothing. I mean absolutely nothing without you. Nightcap doesn't exist without you. It does not thrive without you. And for that from Up and Ocho and everybody here at the Nightcap staff, yeah, thank you. From the bottom of our hearts. Sincerely, definitely. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode, the final episode of 2024 of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up. That guy is the Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame honorary, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button.


And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Remember, because of you, we are who we are. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays going into 2025. What better way to celebrate a new year than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. If you can't find it, any city or a state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your home. And please drink responsibly. Go check out my media company PLA page on all of its platforms. That's she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. I newest, it's released, just dropped last month.


Shirts, sweats, coozies, beanies and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Everyone should have received their order. Let us know what you think. Hopefully you're very satisfied with what you ordered. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show before I go into the Super Bowl show. Remember, we had a Black Friday sale, we started at Black Friday, that Friday right after Thanksgiving and everything has been marked down. Everything will be marked down until January one. January one. The regular prices go back into a an effect. So if you want to continue to get this price, you need to order today and tomorrow because on Wednesday, if you're on the East Coast, it's already tomorrow if you're on the East Coast.


But Jan one, the regular prices go back into effect. Tickets are on sale for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans is our first spring stop tour and the tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat, February the sixth in New Orleans. I promise you don't want to miss that show. We've been nominated. Wait, what you got for us? Oh, we've been nominated for two Sports Podcast awards, the best American Football podcast and best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote for you guys. Link us in the chat depending on our social pages and in our social bios. Special thanks to the Nightcap staff who made everything possible this year.


Some guys that you don't know, but without them, there is no show. First, Aaron, Jacob, Kristen, Tasha, Nikki, Adrian, Allie, Alex, Erica, Kat, Alexis. Okay. Alexis, Erica, Kat, Nicky, Carlos Ash, Jordan Ocho, and myself. This is the Nightcap family. This is the Nightcap crew that every Monday and Wednesday and Thursday and Saturday and Sunday, try to bring you the best possible show that we can. There's a lot of graphics, there's a lot of producer, there's a lot of audio, there's a lot that goes into these shows and we ask them, you know, I don't ask.


I demand that they give you the best possible show and they show up for you every five days a week and do the absolute best job they possibly can. Guys, I wanna thank you. I appreciate you. Continued success in 25. Our job is to be better in 25 than we were in 24. Just like I ask you to be better in 24 than you were in 23. That's what our fans expect. That's what I demand. Thank you guys for making 2024. Such a success. Beautiful. Not you. There is no us, UNC and Ocho. We thank you and the Nightcap family. Thank you. Thank you guys. We'll see you in 25. UNC and OCHO signing off for 2024. Happy New Year.


The Volume


From Hobby Farmers to Weekend Gardeners and everyone in between. Tractor Supply trusts 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to make shopping more personal. Together, we're connecting over 2200 stores with 5G Business, internet, and powering AI so team members can match shoppers with products faster. You're all set. This is enriching customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans, check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check.


Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk, hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.