
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp seed from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for you from brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You Mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draft King Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Drafting Sports Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided. Buy one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Yeah, looking back at the cost of living 40 years ago in 1985, which one of these items surprises you the most? A new house costs 84,300. The average income was 23,600. Right? Minimum wage was 3 35 an hour. Average rent, $432 a month. College tuition $4,560. A spanking brand new car was less than $7,700. Mm. Milk was two 20 a gallon. Eggs was 85. Seven dozen. A loaf of bread cost 68 cents. A movie ticket was 3 55 and gas cost a dollar 12 a gallon. Now listen, one thing I wanna say about this, I remember these days, huh?


1985. Yeah, I remember I was a junior in high school. Yeah. Hey listen, I was a freshman in high school. Now when I think about it, they always say history repeats itself. No, that ain't happening. Wait, listen to me. Stay with me. Now if you look at some of the things going on, fashion, politics, some of the things that's going on in the world, we're going back to the sixties and the seventies and certain areas and aspects in life. If you actually pay attention to certain things And we talk about history repeating itself, at what point will we get back to this? Never. You are never gonna buy a house for less than a hundred thousand dollars unless it's a row house.


Unless it's a crack house. You ain't getting no new car. You ain't getting no new car for those $7,700 ocho. Hey, milk and gas ain will ever be a dollar 12 a gallon. Hey, young eggs was 85 cents. I was 80, Eggs was 85 per cents. Per dozen. Yeah. I was a, I was 17. I remembered. Yes. Oh my goodness. Yes. Remember I told you you, you used to get three loaf of bread for a dollar. I remember you get three Loa loaf of bread was 68 cents now. But I remember you can get three loaves of bread for a dollar. Yes. I I remember this like I was 17, I remember this now.


I ain't know nothing about no new house. The house we called. Probably we stayed in probably cost $1,500. But yeah, I remember this. The funny thing about it is, is the price of everything keeps going up. Right? Yeah. Guessing around is it keeps going up. The taking jobs away from, from people using technology chat beat chat chat, GPT and and AI and all this other stuff. Automated services. But minimum wage isn't going up the way it should. No, I remember that. To, to be able to offset the price of everything going up. So something, something can Happen here. Wages go, the exact wages are going up. Yeah. Average consumer, the hourly is not 'cause it's what, seven 30 a hour?


Yeah, I work for 3 35 an hour. So I know. Yeah Ocho. But even back then, Ocho, you look at that say, damn bro, my grandma called hell even at 85 cents. Yeah. Even at 68 cents for a loaf of bread. It was still hell on the port of sharp household. And you look at the price of night like damn. Oh you yes. Yeah. Yes. That's crazy. Gallard gas was a dollar 12 a gallon And you weren't going nowhere unless you had $2 to put put in my tank. So it wasn't no free ride. Hey come take No, you got to pay Right.


Yeah, I, yeah. Yeah, I remember that like yesterday. That's crazy New car. 7,000. What do You know about 7,000 was? Oh yeah. Magna. I can, I can imagine I could have Paid, how you gonna buy a car? My granny made $197 every two weeks. So she made less than $4,000 a year. So how the hell you gonna pay for a new car? Yeah, you right. And buy. And buy and buy food. Can you imagine if everybody rent was $430? Still? Do You know how much money that was back then? You? Yeah. I already know. I, you gotta tell me I was there.


What you think I was looking, You looking at today's money when you make it today's money And you looking at yesterday's prices. Right, right, right. Transport your ass back there. You know how your grandma, how your mama's pregnant struggle. Oh yeah. To pay 430 something dollars. Oh, that was a full load of money. Yeah. I, I already know. We just imagine. Tell granny, granny made $500 a month. So if you gonna pay rent at 4 32 a month and she made 500. Mm. It's so funny. You notice how they, they made it work back then. They made a way. Yeah. No matter what, regardless, Ain't long chili.


You make pig feet, you att kon, you at squirrel, you ate rabbit, you ate possum. Yes. That's how you ate trike. You ate mild ous. That's how you made it. You went and caught a mess of fish. Yeah. And you ate. Yes. That's how you made it work. You wasn't eating no steak, no lamb chop, no lobster, no crab legs, no lobster, no scallops. No. Or you ain't eat none of that. Right. I had never, I had never heard of a person eating crab like oh, You know them dungeons crabs, them blue crabs? Yeah, but like them king crab legs. The lobster. Yeah. I ain't never heard nobody eat no lobster. I heard nobody eat no lobster. Talking about can we go get some, when we got in college, like a senior and guy, guy was talking me, man, I'm gonna take old girl.


The Red Lobster. She want lobster. But You know guys, when you got that, that work study money, You know you got that work study money Ocho, you try to press somebody, you think about eating so fat man please. Eating salmon. Croquette in the can. Eating sausages. Right sauce. Eating bologna. That tube bologna with the red, with the, with the, You know the tube of the long tube of bologna on Cho knock the off mile with the slicer. You wasn't getting that Right. You get that big ass tube. Hold On. What you, what? You know, I bet you ain't had no beanies and weenies. Nah, we ain't eat that. We didn't have pork beans though. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Pork and beans. Pork and beans.


And you, you take the hot dogs and cut the hot dogs up in the pork and beans. Yeah. Okay. Now you talk And we got the, we got the, the hot dogs. The 50 came in the pack, but the hot dogs still had the cas on them. See they were pink. Yeah. Yeah. Get that what I'm talking about, Joe, you ain't getting no, you ain't getting no, no good. No Hebrew national. Right. Man, stop. But I'm looking at the price. I'm like, if I look back in this now Ocho And I think, boy, we were bad off Ocho. I we we might have been bad worse than I previously thought. Right. Boy. Hey, there was some days that boy, You know, boy, them hey them Hey. Them was some days.


Oh yeah. That Hey, when, when life was simple. Huh? That y'all get ready. It's time for otros favorite segment. It's time for Spello Cinco. Where your hat, where your hat Ocho put your hat on. Hey, hey, hey. You, You know who got mad at me and cut my hat up a long time ago. That's why I stopped wearing it. Man. Don't put that. You heard me? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Ocho I'm gonna start talking. Hold, hold, Hold on. Let, let me lock in first. Let me lock in. Don't don't Dad, don't rush me. Don't rush me. Let me, let me lock in and, and focus so I can, I can chat.


This is for y'all. Tonight is for y'all. Chad, I'm telling you I want spelling be thank. Alright. OCHO 1979 Got be able to father give Ocho the strength to lock in and dispel these words. Help him to focus, understand. And as I enunciate these words correctly, just give Ocho the strength and the courage to spell these words with conviction. Yes sir. We ask all these things in your name. Amen. Yes sir. Let's go Ocho. Amen. Amen. Amen. Your first word. First word. Ubi. Ubiquitous. Ubiquitous. How you going out the come the gate Simultaneously ubiquitous. Oh, how you come out the gate with something like that.


Okay. I It's gonna get easy. Okay. Ubiquitous. Okay. We start, we start with that. You, you, you said it again. Ubiquitous. You u ubiquitous now. Yes. I'm, I'm, I'm assuming is ub. Let's start there. Ubi. Ubi. Now B lighter is BIC. So I'm gonna go UBIC Ubi.


B-U-B-I-C-Q-T-I-S-T-U-B-I-Q-U-I-T-O-U-S. Ubiquitous. Now You knew Now you knew I wasn't gonna get that. Now the chance. I thought you get that when I thought that was the chance. What? Okay, how about this one? Ocho This one. And you've heard of this one. A demigogue. A who? A demigogue. A wait, you mean a, A demigogue.


A demigogue. Demigogue is a leader exploiting emotions to gain power. A demagogue Man. Are are are these words even? Excuse me? Are these words even in the, in the, the source? Yes. I've never heard that before. A a demi. Say it one more time. I bet you I get that Demigogue. A Demigogue. A-D-E-M-I-A Dego. GOD. Where the hell you get an A from? I said demigogue. Oh, you said Demi. I thought you said a demi god. No, but you wrong.


D-E-M-A-G-O-G-U-E. Demigogue. Oh my goodness. Unc. Hey Unc. And not only do I not know these words, the chat don't know 'em either. And I hope nobody in the chat is laughing at me because I know y'all not finna see and pretend that y'all know some of the words I'm talking about. 'cause I ain't never heard of the last one. And I definitely don't know how to spell the first one. We did. How about this? Paradigm? Paradigm. Oh, P-A-R-A-D-I-G-N No. What? P-A-R-A-D-I-G-M. That's what I just said. Sound like you said N Chad.


What? Y'all said m Do you see how fast I spelled it? 'cause I knew how to spell it. We, we'll, we we'll run it back. We'll give you that one. How about this one? Let's go Stop playing with me. Antidote. Huh? Antidote. Antidote. A-A-A-N-T-I antidote. A-N-A-N-T-I-D-O-T-E. Antidote. A-N-E-C-D-O. Gdo. God, do it man. Jesus. Elucidate what?


To clarify, explain clearly. Elucidate, Elucidate, Elucidate. To clarify or explain clearly elucidate El elusive. So elusive. Elusive. Elusive is el so elucidate would probably be el l as well. US elucidate. I-D-A-T-E el elucidate. ELUC Id a TE elucidate. So that's not what I just spelled. No.


Hey, hey. I'm on. I'm bad. This is gonna be the easiest one if you don't get this one. I'm on a bad bar. Ab bore to detest strongly dislike. I ab bore you Ab bore. Oh my goodness. AB bore. I mean, it, it could be a boar like A-B-O-R-A, I mean, my bad. A-B-O-A-R. But it could be A-B-O-R-E. What word are you going with? Or a, a boar. A BOR. Which one of the three is it?


That's, I mean, I didn't go to Harvard, I went to Glenville High School. As far as I'm, You gotta understand, huh? I went to Harvard for one semester. Okay. That should be enough to help spell these words. I mean, that's when they, they saw my application and knew it was fake and that's when they got thrown out. So what, what are you going with? Abor? Abor. A BOR Ab. B-A-B-O-R. Ab B-H-O-R-A. Bo. Okay. I got it right. No you didn't. No, I said the is silent. No damn mojo. You didn't Who I what? I one for four, One for five.


Well, listen, if I, if I played baseball, I'd be a hall of famer. No, actually you wouldn't. That's below the Mendoza line. There you, you gotta be at least 2, 2 50. I can work with you three. Oh, you in the ballpark? Okay. Ocho, this is dunk on up. NCAA. Oops. Okay, Here we go. Here we go. Something. Hey, I, I gotta go back And I gotta study mother the SOS or something man. 'cause Jesus Christ. Hey Chad, I apologize Chad, I'm glad this wasn't a life or death situation because y'all would be planning my funeral.


My goodness. That was abysmal. That was Horrible. Yeah, that was, that was God. Hey them some crazy words though. Okay, Here we go. Dunk on Unc NCAA hoops Riddle edition. Okay. He played for the Kentucky Wildcats. He won the 2012 NCAA National Championship, known for his elite defense. And shot blocking went number one overall in a Anthony Davis. Well, guy, can I finish? No, I ain't gonna hold you. Okay. You got that one. You got that one. Okay, Here we go. Here we go.


He played for the Yukon Huskies. Went four for four in the NCAA championship. 2013. The 20 20 16. Never lost the NCAA tournament game. One of the greatest women's college basketball players ever. Who am I? She, she went four for four. Oh oh, Stewie, Brianna, Stewart, God Damnit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You two. You two for two. Okay. Okay. You know, You know your stuff, huh? A little bit. Okay, Here we go. Coach for the Duke Blue Devils won five NCAA Championships. 1991. 1992. 2001, 2010. Coach K.


Damn. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey boy. You on a roll today? Huh? I'm gonna ask you for the, I'm gonna ask you for the numbers for the lotto after this. Okay, Here we go. Legendary Kosher. The Tennessee Lady Balls one eight NCAA Pat Summit. Actually, her middle name is Pat Head Summit. She married a little guy's. Last name was Summer. Her actual maiden name is Pat Head. Well you trying To, did You know the story? She got beat, she got beat in the tournament game and she was about to give birth to her son and they said they wanted to land a plane in Virginia.


And she said, nah, I'm not having my son in Virginia. Hey boy. You showing off tonight in front of the company? Huh? Okay. Okay, Here we go. Here we go. Lemme put my glasses back on. He played for the blue Duke. He played for the Duke Blue Devils scored 41 points in the 1992 Elite eight game versus Kentucky. He was perfect from the floor of Christian Laettner. He didn't miss a single shot or a free throw. He hit the buzzer beater. Yep. Remember it like yesterday? Caught the pass from Grand Hill at the top of the key turned around Bam.


Ball game. You remember that game? Mocho. Oh hey man. Come on man. Hell nah. Okay, Here we go. Last one. Alright. You ain't gonna get this one played for the Iowa Hawkeyes known for the triple doubles and record breaking performances. One of the top scores in NCAA history revolutionized women's basketball. Nah. Caitlin Clark Ocho. Hey, I wanna know who briefed you before this. I thought you were gonna gimme like, well, who won the 1975 National Championship in the men?


I I thought you were gonna ask me something like that. Who won a na Who won the national championship in 1975? For the men? Yeah. I think NC State because 76 was Indiana. 77 was Marquette, 78 was Kentucky. 79 was Michigan State. 80 was Louisville. 81 was Indiana again. 82 was Michael Jordans. Year 83 was NC State. 84 was Georgetown. God damn. Seven five UC one. So when did David Thompson win 74?


Hey, I, I got, I got a problem. Problem. We, we gotta we gotta a whole court, especially with the chat, the chat we got, we all gotta hold court, which there's a, there's a small discrepancy. Yeah. And the level of difficulty in my questions when it's time to spell and the questions that you get on dunk on on, I thought you was going to ask me some, like some NCA Stuff Like, You know, who won the 96 National Championship Right. Or tell me, ask me something about Shel Swoops. Right. Lynette Woodard. Right. I mean, You can't ask me something about Coach K.


Right. Okay. Don't worry about it. I got listen next time I got you. I got you. I'm gonna take the, the degree of difficulty. Yes. To the maximum the way you do with my words. Yeah. Ask me where Oscar Robinson played or something like that. Right. Okay. You know, Jerry West played the Ohio State. So don't ask me that. Now. You played in West Virginia, Now you played Ohio State, Didn't He? I was there, me and Jerry. Me and Jerry had class. No, Jerry might Have been in West Virginia. Jerry Lucas played Ohio State. Damn boy. I, ooh, I had a bad night the night boy. Yeah. West Virginia with Jerry. 'cause that's where he from. Jerry Lucas.


Have you guys seen the cost of funds lately? Back in my day, they cost 25 cents. Now they cost $3. Everything has gotten so expensive. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt. There's a better way you can build credit with money you set aside and avoid interest or expensive debt with chime credit, build a card. It's a secure credit card with no credit checks or minimum deposit required. Start building your credit with everyday purchases and regular on time payments with no annual fees, interest or credit. check@chime.com slash Nightcap. Imagine what you could do with better credit. My credit was so bad. Who needed a crane to pull it up? My brother had to co-sign my loan. I can't believe I had to tell you that. How embarrassed I was. I failed in that moment, but I knew I never wanted to feel that way again. That's when I decided to get serious about my credit score. Again, that's why you need chime credit. Build a card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Use it everywhere. Visa credit cards are accepted. Bill credit with the money you set aside. Turn your everyday purchases on time payments into steps towards financial goals with Chime secure credit bill of Visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank NA or Stride Bank NA Spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply Chime checking account required to apply out-of-network ATM withdrawal and OTC. Advance fees may apply. Timing depends on submission of payment file, late payment may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You Mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. PayPal. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a Pool.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Oh, I had a bad night, Chad, I apologize. Oh, you did Ocho. It's time to welcome. His birthday was yesterday. He celebrated so happy belated birthday. He's the owner, he's the co-owner of the iconic Smashburger Joint T Trail Burger. And if I, I follow him And I think he just opened up another one. T Burger. Bun B What'd it do? Hey. Hey. What's going on gentlemen? What's going on? Thanks for having the old man, man. Thanks for coming. Bon What's up baby? What's good? I see O Charles I see you shining over there man. Look something man. You know I got a little lotion on. That's all It is. Little lotion. Boy, lemme ask you this. Let me let, let's, let's kick it off with this. But where did you come up with the idea to start T Trill Burger?


I didn't come up with the idea. The idea was brought to me by two mutual friends of mine. Okay. One that I knew in a previous career as a clothing line designer. Okay. And the other I knew in a previous career as a podcaster for the Texans. Okay. They both moved into new paths. One becoming a restaurateur. The other becoming marketing and promotions manager of restaurants. So the restaurateur, Andy Wynn came up with an idea for his smashburger, but Smashburger phenomenon was already moving on the west coast. He's from California. Right. He saw the trend starting to move east. And he was like, if I don't catch it by Texas, I'm gonna miss the whole smash burger trend.


But I'm, I don't have as strong a brand out there. I need someone to partner with. Right. And then my other friend Nick s Garfield was like, well, I know Bun has had a food blog for many years called you gotta eat this.com. Go check us out. And and he was like, I know Bun's been looking for an entry point into the culinary space. I did want to do a full restaurant. 'cause there's so many different menu items and there's so many different ingredients that you stock and, and a lot of things you lose if people don't and people don't come in and buy that, that shrimp in, in a day or two. That shrimp starts to go bad by day three And you lose it. A lot of stuff you lost lost, You know what I'm saying? So, but this was a very refined, very simple concept.


I, I went and met up with 'em, I tried the burger And I thought not only was it one of the best burgers I'd ever had, I thought it was one of the best meals I've ever had. The flavor combination is incredible. Anybody that's ever had it will tell you they may have had good burgers, but no one has ever done with a hamburger. What we've done, and what I mean by what we've done is we care about it more than I think other people care about a burger. Most burgers are afterthoughts. You know, something like, I got 30 minutes for lunch. Where can I go and get something real quick? Or Man, I'm, I left this club, I'm full of this liquor, I gotta try to soak it up or something. You know what I'm saying? You gotta absorb that thing. Gotta absorb it bud. You know. But we found a real sweet spot, man. You know, we found a way to not only introduce a better product into the public, but also for me personally, a way to transition my cultural equity that I built up in the entertainment industry, into the culinary industry in a way that I could capitalize off of it a lot better than I could in the music industry because of the contractual agreements that I signed at a very young age.


Yeah. And with this, I was able to own everything outright with my partners. There was no investors as there was with the record company where you take that advance up front. We did all of this outta pocket, we continued to do it out of pocket. We don't take any money out of the company so that the, the company can grow, be self-sustained. So we don't need investors, we don't need finances from anybody. And we just try to build something that we believe will last longer than we will. I I like that. Wow. The, I wanna, I wanna go back with it being your birthday. You know, you, you, you turn a young are, are you, you getting younger, You know, your recent birthday bonanza at, at Houston Rodeo, obviously it featured a diverse lineup. Man, you had Key Sweat, Don Tova, Yolanda Adams.


What inspired you to blend hip hop r and b and gospel for this event? You know, we've done a lot of different lineups with my shows at the Houston Livestock Show Rodeo. Last year was the first year that they'd ever had two full rap nights. One was my night and one was with 50 cent his tour. Right. And it kind of started to get away from what the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo as far as Black Heritage Day has always been. And that's been a very inclusive evening that was always family friendly. And with some of this rap music, it could get away from being a family friendly environment very quickly.


And so the rodeo is like, look, we would love to reset the bar. Like we, we appreciate what your hip hop contributions and all of the talent that you brought to the stage have done for the rodeo. But we think we need to reset the bar because if we don't, we're going to lose the demographic. And that was the problem with the rodeo before was that the rodeo had aged itself out. The rodeo did not bring in hip hop and younger music in a, in, in a timely manner. So they started to age people away from the rodeo. Younger people. And when I say younger, this may sound crazy, but when I say younger, I mean like 50 and under. Mm. Right, right. There was nothing that was catering to them. Nothing in popular music was catering to them.


Nothing in popular culture was catering to them. And so there became a, a concerted effort to try to make sure that the people on stage reflected the diversity of the city of Houston, which is arguably the most diverse city in America right now. There's over a hundred spoken languages and so many different cross culture things happening in the city. And so we did a good job of diversifying it, but at the same time, you don't want to leave people out. And I could tell that if we did one more show that was rap centric, my mama wasn't gonna want to come no more and people wasn't gonna want to come no more because it could be a little much the way people dance to it. I get it.


There's an energy And we wanna bring energy and entertainment, but we don't want to do that and make sure that other people don't get that isolate others. Absolutely. You know, my mother comes to the rodeo, my siblings, my wife's siblings, our children, our nieces and nephews, and now our grandchildren all come. So I gotta, I wanted to make sure that I got something that for my mama and my wife's mother that they can relate to things that we can relate to my children and my grandchildren. So that's why you get a keep sweat for us. You get a Yolanda Adams for the older, more Christian grandmothers and, and aunties and whatnot, And you get a Don Tover for a younger artist, Coco Jones for a younger artist. You know what I'm saying? And then of course for, for for my base, You know, Luda ti You know, we hit him right in the chest with that hip hop.


So yeah, we wanna make sure that when people come down, 'cause now it's become a tourist attraction. There's literally thousands of people that, that come down for this thing now. Yeah. And I wanna make sure that they get something and what, look, anytime, You know, the triple OG, bun B is on it, You know it's gonna be big and You know, he going do Right. He gonna do right by H Town. 'cause he h town down, he born and bred a, he a he believed in that. And I, I love that. But I love that that that the fact that the rodeo came to you and said, we, we really appreciate it, but let's not get too far away from what we intended to rodeo B because we're, while we're bringing in one demo, we're losing another demo. How can we blend these demos together and grow it so we, they still come, more of you guys still come and guess what, we expand this thing.


And a lot of people didn't really understand it because, You know, I don't tell everybody who's coming. I typically keep about two or three surprises to NFA people on the spot. So when I was saying, Hey, I got Don Tover And I got Keith Sweat And I got Coco Jones And I got Yolanda Adams, people don't see how that mix is in the room. Right. Right. People don't see how those genres blend together. And people really didn't understand the vision. We knew what we were doing the whole time. Yolanda Adams was specifically brought in to be a part of the immemorial program where we honored all of the legends that had fallen. And then we thought it was good to have some praise in the room. I feel very blessed to have this opportunity. I've done this for sure four times. I've sold over 300,000 tickets in just four shows.


We're averaging 74,000 people every time we've done this. So it's been a beautiful opportunity, not just for me, for my family, for my business. I've been able to pass it on to other people that grew up in Houston dreaming of doing the rodeo. Now they've actually been able to do it. I grew up at a time where, You know, you didn't even think that somebody that did hip hop music would even be on that stage. And now we exist where I live as an example to the next generation. Maybe one day I can do the rodeo like Bun B, You know what I'm saying? So we understand, we understand how deeply this thing resonates with so many different people. And we don't wanna let people down. Especially right now. I don't want to seem like I'm leaving people out of something because this world is so divisive right now.


Yeah, for sure. And and things are not really as inclusive and, And I don't think people understand No culture is more inclusive as black people. 'cause black people understand what it's like to be left out. Yeah. So we don't want people left out of a good time, You know what I'm saying? And we know that you don't need a bunch of money to have a good time. So we try to make entertainment as authentic and realistic and approachable as possible for people. And I think we've been able to do that with the rodeo. Hey boy, You know, we've been making stuff outta nothing with no money for the longest time. Hey, we don't need no money. So when I get $5, it's a party party. And for sure, hey, we had one more hood party, $20. Hey we got the block lit. You know what I'm saying? Hey boy, lemme ask you this, bud. When you, when you were growing up, did you go to the rodeo when you were growing up?


Yeah, that was my first concert ever. That's a big, that's a big inside joke about it. The first concert I ever went to was Conway, Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn when I was eight years old. Country. Conway Twitty, the funny story, the Nicole Mine's gone. Reta Lynn. Yeah. My mom had gotten in a car wreck and a, a man had hit her and she was very nervous because this was in the seventies, You know what I'm saying? Right. She was a black woman by herself in an accident with a white man. She just knew, for example, that she would be at fault. But the police came, he told the police it was my fault. She did nothing. He took care of everything. And then he asked her, would you like some tickets to go to the rodeo? When the rodeo come? And she said, sure. She gave him my information, the address, and she never thought nothing of it.


And a couple of weeks later, the ticket showed up and so they took the family to the rodeo. And that was my first concert, my first time ever being in the Astrodome. You know what I'm saying? And it left a lasting memory on me. Like, like one of my first musical memories is the Houston Livestock Show Rodeo concert. And just, You know, over the years going every different time my wife shares these kind of memories. My wife saw Michael Jackson for the first time at the rodeo. You know, a lot of people have, You know, you can basically, You know, have a timeline of your life based on different experiences at the rodeo. The first time you went as a youngster, the first time your parents dropped you off. 'cause it's literally the safest environment you can be in at the rodeo.


So there was a time when you get 15 to 16, your mama would drop you off at the rodeo during spring break And you and your friends could hang out all night and then get picked up later 'cause it was a safe thing. You know what I'm saying? So it's been a part of many people's lives over the years. And now people actually have a real time experience at the rodeo and not just, when I perform, we have like a 9,000 square foot installation called Trill Town where we do the burgers, we do our, our tri tenders. We have merch, trill, lemonade, we have a bar, You know, basketball goal for people to play little games, win hats, win merchandise. So we've made it something that everybody that celebrates Houston culture can come in and feel comfortable.


I know that there are people from other races that feel funny trying to celebrate other cultures and mixed company because they're not allowed to be as free as they would like to be amongst some of their own people. We provide a night where everybody can come and be who they want to be and nobody's gonna look at you sideways because in order to enjoy it, you gotta leave your prejudice at the door. If you don't like white folks, you can't comfort white folks gonna be there having a good time. If you don't like black folks, you can't come. 'cause black folk gonna be having a good time. Straight folks, gay folks, Mexicans, Asians, everybody comes out and they all having a good time. So the only way you can enjoy it is leave your bull your bull stuff at the door. Right. And hopefully we, we believe that if people have a good enough time with other people of other cultures and make friends and learn things that maybe they won't pick it up when they leave and they can leave their prejudice outside for that's Live.


Man, listen. But when you're talking, when when you're talking, I can hear the passion and enthusiasm in your voice the way you're explaining everything. Listen, you always, It's a new life. Yeah. O Chuck. It's a new life for me. Yeah. Listen, you always been vocal about social issues, You know, you've engaged in various Yeah. Various community initiatives in Houston, man. What drives you still, You know, in your commitment to, to always give back to the community? And do you have any upcoming projects that you're excited about that you can tell us? We in Houston as entertainers, athletes, what have you, we have a different relationship with the public as other places too.


I believe that there are lines that are drawn cultural lines, neighborhood lines, other things that come into play in other major cities in America where people can't really bond in the way that we bond. Right? Like LA has cultural lines, it has neighborhood lines that some people can't cross. So that city can very, very seldom come together and unite. Same thing with, with New York, some people might be from Queens or Brooklyn or whatever. In Houston, we had division maybe 25, 30 years ago between the north side and the south side. That doesn't exist anymore. Everybody sees themselves astonia no matter who you are and where you come from in the city. So we've been able to build a connection with people that's different. People see us in the grocery store, people see us in the mall, people see us in restaurants, at car washes in the gym.


We're very visible and we're very approachable and very personable. So people feel like when they buy our music, they're not just investing in music, they're investing in people, they're investing in neighborhoods. And they look at us as cultural exports. Like, You know what I'm saying? Like when you come to Houston, we don't brag about who the best biggie Jay-Z or Nas. We brag about who the best slim thug, Kiki, bu B You know what I'm saying? A Scarface guy. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the kind of like, we have a lot of pride. You know, Texas has always been a self-sustained entity. It was its own country. So we didn't never felt fully embraced until very recently. Everything we wanted, we had to make it on our own.


Entertainment wise. If you wanted to be a recording artist, You know, a a New York label or LA label was probably not gonna sign. So you had to go out, you had to make relationships with wholesalers and distributors and record stores and radio stations and club owners and all of that and make your way. And we all had to do it. So there's a common respect that we all have for each other. 'cause we all kind of had to ress that particular path in order to make it. But it's the people, it's not just the artists, it's the people of Houston who don't look at us in that way. Yeah. There may be somebody that's never seen me before and might be excited to get a picture, but if you roll with me through Houston for 12, 14 hours, you hear a lot of what's up og Hey, what's up B? What's up?


It's not a lot of Oh my God. Oh wow. Because we don't put those kinda walls up. Right, right. With people. And that's why the relationship with us is a lot different. You know what I'm saying? Now, as far as projects, we are opening the second store probably within the next seven days, seven to 10 days. The second location at t Triburg will be open in spring, Texas, we'll have two more locations, but by the end of the year, and I'm currently in Dallas right now with the wife mainly let You know. So my anniversary, my birthday is four days apart. So I would never forget my anniversary. Wow. You know what I'm saying? So that, what's up? So we spent the daytime, we're on the anniversary letting our shop. We spent nighttime with me going to my favorite restaurant.


There's a carbon here, it's the closest carbon I can get to in Houston. That's my favorite restaurant. So we drove up here, we did a little shopping, went, did some, did some dinner with a good friend of mine. And You know, I'm probably looking at some locations tomorrow right around Fresno and Plano at a couple of different spots, You know, and looking for a location. But we hope to be in Dallas and Austin by the, by summer next year of Los that's like, Hey, hey Bon trade this out. What you think about Nightcap at the rodeo this year? Oh, I think there's room to possibly do it at my activation. Yeah. Okay. I like that. Because you have to understand, I don't think many people understand what the rodeo is. The rodeo is a 21 day event.


Yeah. We, yeah. I'm only one night of 21 nights Okay. Of concerts that, that take place in the NRG stadium, the football stadium. Okay. Yeah. They average about 65, 60 6,000 people a night. Easy. Wow. And so it's arguably the biggest music festival in the world that isn't promoted as a music festival because we talking about 21 concerts day after day after day, day, day. You know what I'm saying? It's a huge undertaking. Now that being said, my space, my wife thought of the idea of bringing in a DJ and a DJ booth and some space up there. So there is a stage now next year we can make it a little bit bigger. Okay, wait.


Hey, we can make bigger that way we can have room for y'all up there. Yes, absolutely. Babe. What you think about Nightcap at, at trail time? Two thumbs up. There it is. That's what song I appreciate that. Oh, we going, hey, we going, Hey, hey, hey, og. You know, we gonna circle back on this now. We real talk now. No, I'm, I'm I'm open to it because I want to make it a bigger weekend for people. We realize now that, and You know, you look at the music boots on the ground and all this other soul that's blowing up right now, that that black cowboy, country western lifestyle Yes. Has always existed, is now in the forefront. And my weekend at the rodeo is becoming a big proponent of that.


You know what I'm saying? It gives a place that's big enough for everybody. 'cause a lot of black rodeos unfortunately, are still smaller. They're still growing and they got a lot of momentum and energy. But they still, they're still growing. They're still smaller. My rodeo is the largest rodeo in the world. Right. You know what I'm saying? So then you wouldn't have a larger audience to cater to with that type of movement in motion. My wife brought in DJ pay me from South Carolina. He's the biggest line dance in southern soul DJ in the country. And we had people a space couldn't even hold how many people wanted to dance. They were dancing in the street. You know what I'm saying? It's just such a great way for people to come together and commune. That's what music has always been for people of color. It's always been of reason for us to get together and commute that Domino's playing cards, barbecue, crawfish, those are all excuses for, for us as a culture to come together and spend time together.


Yeah. We, we don't even like each other, but if so and so who doing the barbecue? Trey doing the barbecue. All right, I'll come Who, who cooking a potato salad needs to doing a potato salad? All right, I'll show up for that. Yeah. It's an excuse for us to get together. I Like, and so I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm looking at that we built something that now gives people an entry point. If you don't know about it, you haven't had any experience. This is a very easy entry point into this cultural representation. But for those of us that know, oh, it's a, it's the bat signal. Like, hey, it's, it's, it's the bat signal. Hey, when you, when you talk about this man, I'm thinking about your plate. Well, your, your plate is full man. Your plate is full man at, listen, your role as a musician, an entrepreneur, you a community leader, man.


How the hell you balance all these different facets of your career and what the, what keep you motivated, baby, because just listen to it. This is a lot. It's a, it's a, it's a, it It is, it is. But who I think we, I think everybody on this knows that God doesn't give you more than you can handle. You just gotta figure out how to handle it. Right? Yes. Yes. I, I have an amazing support system. I have a, a beautiful, strong black woman as a wife in my corner. And the reason I've gotten this far is not because I know it all, I could do it all. My wife refuses to to settle for a lesser version of me. So when she know I'm not going all the way in and not giving my a hundred percent she'll hold me account. Ooh. I Like, She'd be Like, You know, you could do better than that.


You know, you supposed to be doing more than that. So there'd be a lot of times I want phone it in or I'd be like, man, I just wanna stay home. Now why would you do that knowing you told 'em people you was going come, You know, my wife, I, I can't, I can't do it. My wife knows. My wife believes of the, it has always believed in my greatness. And when I don't live up to it, because she talks about it, she holds me accountable. Right. So I go out and do the rodeo and all that. The next day I gotta come home and put the trash out. You know, I gotta pick up stuff in the garage. I gotta make sure I don't leave the kitchen light on all those things. We, we, we have moments where we are very blessed And we get to see the world and travel the world and do all of that. But every other day, man, we are family trying to exist, making sure our children, our grandchildren are okay that we got a good home that's comfortable for us to live in.


You know, all I gotta do is give her a house and she gonna make a home. See, I need, that's not even the question. See what You heard, what he just said. Huh? You see what I'm talking about? Yeah. I see what I've been telling you now. But I'm, I'm, I'm trying to get him to settle down, but I'm trying, I'm trying to get him to find my wife. 'cause listen, the way you talking, the way you're explaining things, it shouldn't be hard after hearing what you just said. But she gotta keep up with him though. That's the thing. Yeah. She gotta keep up with him. He gotta find a woman that's so busy he get jealous. Oh, hey listen, we, we found for one, see, hey, hey Bond. We found one for him. He, he interviewed her not too long ago. Wait till she ain't got wait, wait till she ain't got no time for it. We gonna find out where he saying that he gonna try to spend that money sitting that plane, playing that vacation.


Anything he can to spend time with that woman when he start ocho, when he start disregarding things he don't normally disregard and, and them assistance started having to do things that he normally going do. Yeah. He got, He got him one. Huh? He got, he got something on his Mind. Hey, I got, I got one more question. I got one more question. This is good one. I'm sure a lot of people in the chat would love to hear his answer because I, I definitely wanna hear it. Who are your top five Houston rappers? Your top five? Oh man. Mount Rushmore. Now I'm just adding the fifth. I'm, I'm gonna make it five instead of folk. Okay. We gonna start with Kay Reno. Kay Reno is the OG of Houston Rappers. He's the, he's, he's the, he's the height, he's the epitome of what Houston Raps Foundation should have been built on.


Right. So we had the right OGs to start it off for us. Obviously Scarface one of the, not just one of the best writers in any rappers in Houston, but just, I mean, arguably the best retailer that hip hop has had ever. Very few people I think only Tupac can really evade it. Convey emotion. Yeah. Through words on a rap song. And the way that Scarface does when Scarface talks about death, you feel that loss when he talks about, oh, oh man, friends, You know, he phrase has a song called Suicide. And I'm talking about, I had never heard a song about somebody delving into the psyche of somebody Right. That they thought was okay, but wasn't okay.


And then you start to question making sure you are okay like this. So the depth of scarfaces of writing talents and mentality, man, have been criminally underrated in, in the world of hip hop. I think number three, you gotta go Willie D Oh, Willie D and Willie D has been about Willie D is the prototype. Yeah. Like Willie D is the type of person that when you think of a Houston rapper meeting, one in the dark alley, Willie D is who you project. Really, You know, that's somebody that, You know, has stood on all 10 toes constantly, consistently, and still does. The fun thing about watching Willie D one, he loved the culture just as much as he always had.


And two, he bought that just as much as he's always been. There's certain things that you can, you can count on and Willie d being about that life is absolutely one of them. He still leads by example and he still makes us proud to be from Houston. And knowing that, You know, whatever you say in this world, you better stand on it because with some people it might be a fight with it, right? You know what I'm saying? Number four. Number four, I might have to go out on a limb. Yeah, man, I may have to go out on a limb with this one. I don't know how everybody's gonna feel about this, but I think Gangster Nip may be one of the best rappers from Houston. And I'll tell you why.


The only reason that people really didn't get into Gangster Nip is because of the subject matter. He did a lot of horror. Okay? You know, he wrote stuff for Bushwick and a lot of stuff, stuff. Bushwick Bill was, a lot of his music existed in this, in this world of horror and gore and all of that type of stuff. Friday the 13th, Jason, all of that type of stuff that it, but his flow in the, in the mid nineties, the early nineties, And I mean, it was some of the best rapping I've ever seen and done in my life. And number five, I'm not gonna put Pimp here because I feel like Pimp supersedes a lot of things in this argument. I'm gonna go with Killer Calon. Okay? I don't think anybody wants to be the best rapper in Houston more than him.


I don't think anybody takes the art of lyricism as serious as he does now. We got people that got a lot of motion, max. So got motion. Megan has got Motion, Travis, OT Walker. There's a lot of people from Houston, young Artists up becoming talent that got art, that have motion and have fan bases and, and, and really making major moves. But when we talking about just rap, rapping, like rapping and like looking in, in the motherfuck face and, and meaning what you say when you rap this stuff, I don't think anybody conveys that more to Killer Kaon. I think Killer Kaon could potentially be the best lyricist to ever come out of the city of Houston. He just gotta, the problem is he got too much respect for his predecessors.


And I feel like in some form or fashion as a competitor, at some point you can respect the goat and still want to beat the goat at the same time. I like it. I'm gonna get you out here on this one. I'm just waiting up what they say. Man F all that, man F Fun B and all of them. I'm going for the top. And that's when it get, that's when it'll be the best.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task, or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there is only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You Mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to, well, I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple And I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with Blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Oh, Okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Over. lines.com is covered over 25 million windows, all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop lines.com now and get up to 40% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


Bob, we gonna get you outta here on this one. Which Houston team are you most excited about this year? Your Cougars, your Rockets, your Texans, or your Astros? Now that's a great question. That is a great question. It's always easy to be excited about the Cougars. 'cause then at this point, that's a program that does this right far as basketball. That men's basketball team does this at this point. They're one, they, they've gone into the last four marches being heavily favored. They've made it to the, to the eighth at least two, three times. I think I know the last two years for sure. I think they got a great chance of going all the way to season. So, but that's, at this point with that program, that's to be expected. These Astros are going through transition, right?


We, we lost Brakeman. That was a hometown hero. We love Alex Bregman. You know, as we lost Korea And we lost a couple other guys. But we're bringing in, we always bringing young talent. That's been a great thing about this Astros organization that the Cranes have always brought in and nurtured young talent. They draft well and they build talent up. They don't look to just go out and try to buy a player. They, they're about winning several. They're not about winning this year. They wanna win several years. They've tasted it. They know what it takes to get there and they believe they can do it. But they, they're still in a little bit of rebuilding right now. Lost a couple of pictures, got McCull back. So we're gonna figure it out. Their perennial playoff team. Right. Okay. But it's gonna take more this year to get to that final step than I think it has over the last two or three seasons.


The Rockets, I mean, my goodness, look at this young team. You talk about young and talented. You talk about a talented young team. Tillman has done a great job of being Like, You know what, we just gotta start over. Like it, it is, we're not one or two players away. We're a team away. Right. But I mean, he put this, he put this team on his shoulders a green. Jalen is an amazing talent. I think he's a great leader. I think Thompson is a problem. I think he's a beast on that team. Yeah, I really, oh, I even got to him. It took a while. Figure out how to say his name. He nice. It took a while. It took a while to figure out how, his name name, but the a, we got the promise with that young boy and this one.


Yeah, bro, he for real. I understand that he grew up in the game of fundamentals. Right. But he playing with some dogs. I watched him the other day try to do a over behind the back pass. He almost had, they teaching him that black top ball, right? They teach, they don't have to teach him fundamentals, You know, how to pass and all that. They teach it in black top. No look passes in the paint. When he finds that step that, that boy is going be a real problem. But I say all that to say, this team has everything in the, and, and man Yoka was the steel. He he's the right coach. He's the right coach for the team was. And I understand why he couldn't stay where he was, but I'm so glad he's where he is. Mm.


But I'm so Dr. Triple at the city love it. 'cause they get to see me every now and then. So the city love that. Yeah. But them Texans, man, man, them Texans, I think in two, three years, man, I think they gonna be the ones to beat. Man. It, it could happen in the next two years. This team is building a strong structure. De Miko knows exactly what he wants. Yep. The the organization isn't scared to spend the money to give him what he wants. And they're so embracive of the local culture. They do collaborations with local artists and they bring in different talent to perform at the games. They allow me to bring my burgers into the stadium.


They're doing everything they can to be as Houston centric, an organization as they can be. They're putting the money where it needs to go. They're trying to straighten that o line. I know everybody wasn't crazy about losing tonsil, but I can understand organizationally why they feel they needed to go in another direction. I hear there were a lot of room problems. There were a lot a ton of penalties. Right. A lot of things going on. And I just think they were growing in a, in a different direction. I think that they supplemented the defense. Absolutely. They're probably gonna have to draft a little more to tighten up that o line. Because they gotta protect cj. They gotta protect CJ by all means. I like the Kirk signing, I like bringing Christian Kirk in.


I think he's a fast young player. He got some good talent. He definitely got hands and CJ can hit him in stride, You know? Yeah. 'cause I, I knew we weren't gonna, probably weren't gonna keep Diggs another season. I I don't think we were gonna keep him another season. So they had to start thinking receiver, receiver, receiver Tank had his surgery. He's a young guy. I think he'll recover quickly. I think I, I honestly think Tank will be ready by game one of a 25, 26 season. But I think the Texans are a team that everybody has gotta circle their calendar dates when they play that team. That defense is only getting better. I'm, I'm curious to see what the new ocs gonna do. I think that's gonna be the big test, right? Is, is what the new OC is gonna be able to, to create with, with cj.


But at least they won't be as predictable in year two as they were in year three. As they were in year two. Because year one was a lot of surprises. Year two, they pretty much tried to replicate the playbook and people saw it a mile away with a new oc. I think there's gonna be a new approach. I think he's gonna find a better way of working with these new offensive line. I feel positive about what we are doing as a team. So I, I would put it in that order. I would say Cougs Rock, Cougs, Astros, rockets in Texans. Yeah. Four to one. Hey, triple OG, bun B bro, thank you for joining us. Congratulations on everything. The Trail Burger franchises, the, the rodeo, your big staple in the community. What you do to uplift your community. We appreciate you. We salute you here at Nightcap.


Thanks for joining us. We'll see you down the road. Absolutely. Thank y'all for doing that. Drop for the rodeo for me last year too. Always. No problem, bro. You know that success, we gonna find some space to put y'all in that real time. Matter of fact, come bring that night. Not only do people wanna see that fun, Not only that, let me perform. You know, I can sing now. I I'm I think we breaking up. Yeah, we are Night og. Appreciate that. Y y brother. Thank you bro. Hold back. Remember I told y'all I had that one day Hold back. That's the original. That's the og like triple OG, button B. That's the triple OG iPod.


That's live. That's the number two version. This one holds 10,000 songs. This one holds a thousand song. Y'all remember the iPad? Touch iPod, touch. Damn. And check this out. You know that stuff might be worth something 'cause it look like you got two. Don't Worry about it wasn't, and, and it might be. I mean, guess what? It's supposed to be worth something with this plus 5,200. Wait, come again. It's supposed to be this, this plus 5,200. I understand. All your stuff is in good condition. Like min condition. You could probably get, get a good price for it. Look at this oog. You know what this is o That's The iPhone nine. No, that's the original one.


I thought, I Thought it started with number nine. Or am I tripping Man, it started with number one. Oh then the hell you talking about Now. Y'all remember that? That's crazy. Hey, and You know what you do? Put Saran wrap back in there. Pretend like it's brand new. No, I ain't getting rid of it. Unc. You know how much It ain't never, You know How much money you can get for that. The original iPhone. I mean, somebody probably, somebody probably gimme me like five grand for it. 'cause it's the original. I know. I I It ain't, it ain't, it ain't never been active. It ain't never been turned on. They ain't never had no phone number ain nothing. How much you said they can give you for it? Probably about five. They Go, you go, you go ahead and sell that when I owe you 200. No, no. They ain't got no d It's mine.


Y'all. You remember the Samsung though too? Samsung. That's a joy. I don't, I ain't never had no Samsung phone. Look at it. Yeah, I ain't never had no Joy. Gala Note right there. Oh, gala note. Listen, I'll tell you one thing. You ever text me in the turn green, I'm gonna block you. Yeah, I'm I'm gonna block you. I got a little stuff. I gotta show you all my phone. I got about, I got about 17, 18 phones. Damn. Yeah, because I keep them. Oh Joe, a debate went viral on Twitter asking should parents make their kids pay bills if they work a job? And the response went viral saying, I'm just gonna say it.


This is a big problem in the black community And we have to stop it. A lot of parents need help with their bills. So they take the money from their kids and disguise it as teaching them responsibility. And it's actually pretty effing ridiculous. Ocho what do you think? Ah, You, you, you gotta you gotta teach your kids responsibility. At some point. You have to. I think if they're staying with you after the age of 18. Now if they're saving up, I wouldn't, I wouldn't make my kids, my my kids. If they need to stay with me after the age of 18, are you saving up to get yourself a place? You have to have some sense of responsibility. I'm not gonna always be around. So you're gonna, you're gonna have to be able to be able to fend for yourself. I can teach you how to fish.


I can teach you how to fish so You know how to do it when I'm not around. Now, if I do everything for you and still coddle you and have you up under my roof And you not having any type type of responsibilities And you go out there in the real world, you're gonna be lost. We can't have that. I agree. We can't have that. We gotta have some type of structure and discipline and method on how things are to go. As a grown adult, you have to, but being under a roof and making sure, allowing you to save your money and get yourself together until you're ready to go on, on your own and be an adult, start a family, whatever it may be. I'm, I'm, I'm all for that. I'm all for that. Yeah.


I mean, no Joe, I I I helped my grandmother with bills. Yeah. But if she didn't ask me to, I just felt it was the right thing to do. 'cause I saw my grandmother struggling. I'm making money. And so what I'm going to continue to watch her struggle now she's struggling trying to put food on the table for us. She's struggling trying to put food, get clues on our back. So here I am, I got a job and it, it is, I'm not making a whole lot of money. But $10 a lot was a lot of money back in the seventies. $20 was a lot of money back in the, in the seventies. So, You know, I, I'm working two jobs. Hey, I, I mean I re the first time I got a job, I was five years old. I was walk, walking behind the tobacco picker in the tobacco field, 19 73, 19 74. And from that time I started walk from walking behind the tobacco picker to carrying a row to doing that.


So I'm working 10, 12 hours a day doing that to home shower, me and my cousin, we play basketball and then go catch chickens for another three, four hour, three, four hours. And you Get, and chicken was A dollar a chicken, right? A dollar a thousand. So we catching eight to 12,000 a night. That's $12. Now you can only count chicken between Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, because Friday was the last day. There is nothing going on on Saturday. So you started, so you have, so they were going to be there? No, actually Thursday was the last day. Thursday was the last day. Right. You didn't catch on Friday because they were off on Saturday and Sunday because the sugar that you caught Sunday, they were there for the crew. The, the, the plant was operational Monday through Monday through Friday.


So you call Sunday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Then they do. And so, You know, hey, I'm bringing home $5 a day plus half a day on Saturday. 27 50 plus we catch eight to 12,000 or four nights a week. So I'm making maybe $60, but I'm working a as load Hour. Hey, that's, You know how, Hey listen. Okay. Back then, You know how, how, how far you could stress $60 back then? Yeah. Damn. Man. Stop playing. So even if I didn't help her old, guess what? I bought my old school clothes. Yeah. There ain't a whole lot of eight, nine, 10-year-old 11 year olds buying their own school clothes. Well, who else was gonna get 'em?


What the hell I was working for, Hey, hold on. I'm working, gonna hold my money. I'm gonna hold my money in my pocket. I'm watching my grandma struggle. I got a question. And please what kind of, what, what kind of clothes you wore back then? Like DoorDash? Nah, nah, nah. You know, You know ruck. Okay, okay. Okay. I I know that, You know, we had them tough, tough skins. Okay. But hey, then I, as I got older, Lee, Jean would In, oh yeah, okay. Yeah. You had Sergio Ringo one, you did have one. Yeah. You, yeah, yeah. You had Levi's and stuff like eyes on. You had polo. You had thought hold. Did you, did you, did you ever have a pair of rules? Please tell me you had rules with a zip on the side.


I didn't, You know, You know what rules are, right? Kangaroos? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Water kangaroo. We didn't have none of them. Please. I didn't Kang No, we had, no, we had Chuck Taylor. Okay. Okay. Okay. You know, back then Ocho, the Chuck Taylor White, you had the meet, you had the, the meet the highs And you had the lows, but you had 'em in all different colors. They came in black, they came in red, they came in blue, they came in green. So, You know, you got mainly, I only had the white, I had the hides and the lows. And I got a blue, got a blue pair. Hey, You know what's funny? They go with everything. It don't matter. You put on, you wear a black pair. You wear what? The white pair, they go with everything. Yes. Yes.


And so that from, like I said, for me, And I get it. I mean I, I can see her point trying to teach responsibility, but I was teaching myself responsibility. Right. Right. Because my whole purpose, like man, I've see my grandma struggling. She working that job making $197 every two weeks. And she, You know, working in a nursing home, the very nursing home that she ended up living her final day, the last two years of her life. Nah, man, I, I couldn't in good conscience, I could not in good conscience have money in my pocket and then have my grandma worried about, well, oh, well I, boy, I don't know how I'm gonna pay this bill. This, I don't know, You know, the phone, I don't know about the gas, I don't know about the lights, man, please. So me, I took it upon myself. And that is still my responsibility to this day, is to make sure my family is taken care of.


But, You know, hey, I've done, my kids and their moms have done a great job helping them understand that's your daddy money. Now, if he choose to give you something that's on him, but y'all don't know, I, I owe you an education. Right. And I gave you the best education because all of your, for the most part you didn't stay. But you started out in private school And you had college paid for. You got a car, you left college with no b with no debt, no student loans, no car loan. Yeah. Same. Now anything I do after that, that's outta the kindness of my heart. But I don't owe you anything. Now, hopefully you learned a lot from your mom and from your dad to be self-sufficient. Now I'm not gonna let you drown.


Nah. Never, never that. Or at least You know, you, you, you might think you drowning. Matter of fact, hey, You know I about, I might let you, I might let you take off some water. Yeah. Matter of fact, You know, my, my baby, remember I told you my daughter, my daughter at Prairie b and m, You know she graduated, she graduated May 16th, wait, May 16th of May 17th. Remember what I told you she wanted for graduation, huh? Yeah. That, that, that G wagon. So we had a conversation when I was with all the kids. I told her, I say, listen, she done made the, the dean's list, the honorable, she done made everything. So I'm like, well listen now, now, now what you want? Now you say you wanted a Mercedes. What is it? So I'm thinking she was gonna say gwa. Yeah. And I say, no daddy, You know, I don't really want no gwa.


I say, well what, what happened? What made you change your mind? She say, I think it's too much the maintenance. I just, I just think, I just want a startle. Just gimme a C 300. I say, now we talking, now we talking. You want, you want a white one? I could tell, I could tell them to make your, your your your interior pink, You know, with the a k stitched in the seat and all that. Yeah. What happens when she gotta get rid of it? You better hope she sell it to another AKA you. Oh, That's Funny man. I know. But You know, when we come to Ocho, back then, guy used to get the headline to get Gucci. Oh, you remember that?


I said, well you better yeah. Remember that? I said, well you better hold, Hey get they get their initial black. I said, you better hope you find another dude named black that wanna buy it. Because I promise you, you go back, get the great cross the coasts trying to sell it. Syracuse football head coach Fran Brown has a policy that his players must save 40% of their NIL checks. There. There's no way as a coach that I'm going to pay you a lot of money and then you're going to walk away from here with no money. Since during the upbringing in Camden, New Jersey, it could have been an difference in paying rent, keeping the lights on, buying food for its siblings.


What'd you think? You like that? I Like that. I like that. Because at some point, especially when you're that young, You know, kids, kids these days don't understand financial literacy. They get the money. They spend the money. They have this, they have this mindset that, that worth and value is based on aesthetics and the accessories that you purchase that makes you feel like you are greater than and makes you worth, or it makes you feel special. I I, I want kids to understand it. That the people in the chat, there are a lot of players and athletes today, regardless of sport that they play, they feel that they have to live way above their means based on the type of money they're making. They do people in the chat, players that see this, there is nothing I guarantee you, And I promise you, there is nothing you can buy that holds more weight or value than your name alone.


Nothing. No nothing than the name that's on that birth certificate. Because when you take all the, when you take off all that designer, all the jewelry, all the watches, that in itself is the value. It is your, your car, the Lamborghinis and your Rolls Royce and your your iced out wats and your chains and all. And that shit don't mean nothing man. Nothing. The true value. Can you get the same reaction without the car? Without the clothes, yes. Without the jury. Can you still pull the same checks? That's your value, that's your real worth. Can you, can you still do the same things you do with all the accessories, aesthetics on when you don't have it on?


Yeah. Come on man. Stop playing man. Oh, Joe. See, the, the, the thing is with me, people like, I don't like money. I like freedom. Freedom is what you get when you have money. Those are two different things. Some people just want money. I want freedom. Hey, financial freedom is a beautiful thing. Huh? And a lot of people, we, we look at it absolutely is. Look at all the numbers. We look at these, these huge gargantuan contracts, You know, still to this day Yeah. Money keeps going up. Right. And one thing that has changed, when you look up to statistically the same amount of players are still going broke.


Two years removed from the game. Even though the money continued to rise. All that gotta Be. Yeah. That, that's a, that's Nothing has changing from a financial standpoint. 'cause there's no structure and discipline when it comes to spinning. Because our mindset is, well if you give me more, I won't go broke. Yeah. But if you ain't got no financial, you just spin more. If you got no financial discipline, it don't matter how much I give you. 'cause you just gonna keep on spinning. Exactly. The more you make, the more you'll spend. Because like, man, I got this, I got this, now I can do this. It go so fast, Unc man, it go so fast before you look up. You got an entourage, you got an entourage.


You, you, you, you the golden goose. You gotta feed everybody else. You go shopping Now you gotta buy to everybody else something. You go to the club, you spending 40, 50,000 in the section buying bottles. You gotta a bunch of chicks, You know, trying to impress them for what? For what they done. Google how much you making. You ain't gotta do nothing. Your name alone gonna get you the woman you want anyway. They gonna deal with you based off a name alone. You don't man. What? What are we doing man? Stop playing. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has your covered head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age cell prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Okay so we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The Bose premium sound system plays your favorite music. As the murano's massaging leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano Today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good It is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado state game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas v. Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


It's your last chance. Get Disney Plus and Hulu together for just 2 99 a month for four months string Star Wars and or season two. And Mufasa the Lion King on Disney Plus and on Hulu Stream, A complete unknown and the final season of the Handmaid's Tale. All of these and more streaming soon new and returning subscribers. 18 plus only after four months. Plan auto renews at 10 99 a month until canceled off. Rents 3 30 25 terms apply.