
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy


This song Goes out to my new best pal PayPal. Now that I get 5% cash back with my PayPal debit card every month on the category, I choose my PayPal and I we're going everywhere together. 'cause I want to pay with you everywhere. I pay with PayPal at the shoe store, the Wind Chime store, the.com store, all the stores. Oh hi. Don't just pay PayPal Terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bay and Court Bank NA. Pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 Pro built for Apple intelligence. And it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability. Updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life. Earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, it's Angela Yee. Searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click. Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant news and pops of color. From couture in the streets to its Valentino baby.


The Volume NFL Week one is here. And the new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL fans spoken. We wanna touchdown draft us and is deliver. DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us DraftKings Sportsbook app use Coach Shannon. That's Coach Shannon. For new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources is.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. Go to make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Remember every subscriber counts And. we want to thank you for helping us get to the point that we're at now. It really means a lot to us. And. we want to thank you please. We have Shay la by La Porter in stock. If we, if you can't find it in a city or state near you, You can order and we'll ship it directly to your home. Please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat tour shirts and hats dropped this week. They are two versions. The one the tour dates are on the back. That's 42 bucks. The other with no tour dates on the back. Just the screen on the front. That's 38 bucks. And use code VIP for an additional 10% off. And again, we pinned that at the top of the chat. As you can see guys, you know what I prayed that God gives me patience and, and he's tight. He's, he's T me the guy that's just getting it to your screen. He's your favorite number 85.


The runner extraordinaire, the bingo ring of Fame honoree. The legendary, the pro bowler, the all pro Liberty City is on. That's Chad Ochoco Johnson, thank you for joining us. We really greatly, greatly appreciate that. Appreciate that. Appreciate that. Listen, I'm late. I'm late again. But this time, this time Unc, I had to do number two. I had to do number two. So I'm not sure if that is a good excuse for being late. Well you hold up. I'm just trying to figure out, help me out with this. Yes Sir. You So, right. Like right before you got had to come on like, you know what I'm on. You ain't have to do it like 10 minutes ago, 15 minutes ago, even five minutes ago.


Like soon as I get ready to hit this, they're counting us down. You like hold on, on Listen. It wasn't me. Listen, I understand the importance of the show. I know we'll be going. I know we headed. Yeah we gonna be like the Temptations now. I know sometimes act like Eddie survive heartbeat. But you have to understand when I sat down I had a little turtle head. Oh lord. Yeah. So when you have a little turtle head, you, you know you, you can't, you you can't play, you can't play with God's creation. So I had to go, I had to get that out. So I ain't do it all the way. I just went halfway. So I still got something left in me. But I'm gonna finish the show. Yeah, I mean the people knew you was probably full of car car so they not surprised. Yeah. Hey yeah my grandma, they not surprised you only pinched half of it off.


Hey, My grandma used to tell me I was full of shit all the time. Yeah, Yeah. They not surprised you are pinched half of lo far. You ain't getting the whole low foul. Oh. So the game that we just watched, the 49 ERs drug, the Jet 32 13, they spoil Aaron Rogers return. He was able to play a full night even though crashed Christian McCaffrey. C Mike was ruled out before the game with an Achilles and C injury Adam, she says there's a real chance McCaffrey doesn't play next week. Next week against the Vikings. Yeah. Ocho watched this game. The 49 ERs of all the teams that we saw play the 49 ERs for me were the most impressive. Yeah. Because I think the Jets defense is gonna be really, really good.


Now the offense, hey I think they'll get it. Go and Breeze Hall when he foamed up ball early in the game Ocho it kind of gave, kind of took a lot, some of the steam out of it. But yeah, the 49 ERs, the way they can run the football the way Purdy was throwing the ball. He had some drops in there too. Yeah, yeah. He had some drops in there. I you dropped the touchdown right before the half. But listen, he dropped, he dropped two big ones. He did. He dropped two big ones. Now I think one of the problems obviously remember when Jamar Chase, I hate, I hate to remember Jamar Chase went into the preseason and dropped ball after ball after ball after ball after fall and then had a historic season once it came. I think IU is probably has to get acclimated to the ball. Game speed.


Game tip vote. This is why I, I tell you preseason is so important. When you, when you miss that, when you miss those times you get, you get acclimated to the ball and listen that that would've, that would obviously it would've made a difference in the game. Yeah. But listen, I'm more impressed with the Jess. I'm more impressed with the Jess because watching Aaron Rogers move the team up and down the field. Yeah. With a few drops, a few penalties that backed them up a little bit. They look promising to me. It looked promising to me. I know somebody will say, well damn they only score seven points. Well damn they only score 14 points. I'm saying how the offense look as opposed to how they used to, again, they going against the top NFC team. Yeah. They going against the top NNFC team.


You take away some of those drops, you take away some of those penalties. It's a different game. Now the 49 ERs still might have won, but I Oh 49 ERs winning this game. Yeah. But what I saw from the Jess Knight was promising, promising, if you're a Jess fan you should be happy. I know, I know it's a loss but you got something to bit off, bit off of. I agree with you Ocho, that's not an easy offense to defend. Yeah. And I know you know, you looking at well they ain't got no Christian McCaffrey. The one thing I can tell you about this offense, 'cause I spent the majority of my career in this offense. OCHO Yeah. And I can tell you 'cause I played for Kyle's father, Mike And. if you, they kept highlighting Bobby Turner. He's the running back coach. He's the running the run game coordinator.


And, if you notice, could you tell Christian McCaffrey wasn't in the game? No. If you look at, you look at Denver, you look at we had td, we had Orlando Gary, we had Mike Anderson, we had Clem Porters, we have Reuben drones in that zone running scheme. You get one cut. Yeah, You start it, you run hand. We run handoff, strong handoff week to strong toss week. You get one cut. Ain't no if you know this ain't no dancing dance don't running back in that system. Dance. Yeah. You get one cut and you come downhill. Downhill. Yeah. And, if you notice it doesn't, you look Christian McCaffrey sets to another level. But if you look at the guys that were in that offense, TD six round draft picks.


Landis Gary six round draft pick Mike Anderson, third round draft pick Reuben drones, a late round draft. Mid round draft pick. Clinton Porters was a second round draft pick. So you don't need to have, all you gotta do is follow instructions. They're gonna start it one way. Yeah. And they go, Hey, hit your head on the goal post son and the wide receivers do a great job. IU blocking down field Deebo blocking down field Jennings blocking down field. Right. Hell, Kittle is a second, is a second offensive lineman. He's blocking, think about it. They got a big run. They call it back. They withhold it, get another touchdown run. They call it back. Withhold it. They go right back down the field and that same drive Run It right back down your throat. Yeah. I'm, I'm not sure, I mean, Jeff Defense don't look like a Jeff Defense that we saw last year, but I'm sure, I'm sure they will get it together.


I don't, I don't know what happened to Sauce. I think Sauce Sublux his shoulder. Yeah. One those with with with Deebo. Yeah. I I I know that look, I know that Look when you hold your head, I think he tried it. I think he hit Yeah he, I think it was Deebo that he, he got his shoulder. You gotta Be careful. Hit that shoulder. So Yeah. And the thing is like when you play the 49 ERs, you got out physical to them because that's one thing that Kyle, Shannon Henry got from his daddy. We gonna come out there And, we gonna put hats on. We gonna be physical now you beat us. You more physical them. It ain't see You gotta earn it. You gotta earn it. The thing is, a lot of times when people looked at the West coast, they automatically assumed because the line was undersized. Oh they for N team.


Yeah. Yeah. That was your first mistake. You better, Hey, we dropping D's in the dirt, we coming. Yeah. But you know what else could happen now if you watch the game chat, if, if y'all listening, if you watch the game tonight, you could see when they did play action, they ran the ball. So well when they did play action ball Guys wide open, Not only were they wide open, but Brock Purdy was sitting back there with a cigar. Yes. He done went through his read twice. Yes. How you go from one to three and come back to one to see if one is open, Have that Much time. So what I think the just need to do also to continue to compliment that defense so you can get back to the top three defense that you were last year.


We need to get Brother Hassan Reddick in the goddamn door. I would, I would think we, we need to get Brother Hassan whatever, whatever you need to do. You need all hands on deck if you're serious about turning the franchise around. Yeah. Allowing it to be a winning culture and actually competing in the goddamn a FC East with the bills and the goddamn dolphins. The problem that they made Ocho you know the guy's disgruntled Yeah. He wanted contract. Yeah. You, it wasn't a change of scenery. He wanted money. So you thought that, oh, he don't like being in Philly. We gonna bring him to New York, but we not gonna give him no money. Listen, I, they, they probably, you know what they probably did, you know how this business worked, But they probably promised him country Before they even discussed, before he even came understanding that, listen, I wanna be paid by the Eagles based on my production the past few years.


The Eagles said, you know what, we not gonna do that. We gonna let you go somewhere else. So I'm sure the Jets knew brother Woody Johnson. I got that name right. Woody Johnson. Right? Yes. Yeah. I'm sure Mr. Johnson understood that as Sergeant Reddick was agreeing to come there because But he was under the assumption he was gonna get a contract. Yeah. Woody knew that you understood that this is, this is the games they played. This is the business that they play. You understand how, how, how good Hassan Reddick is and what he can do for that defense and amplifying it even more than it was last year. He should have been in. Yeah. Now looking, look, looking at the defense tonight and Brock Purdy back there, sitting back there listening to Frank Sinatra, pat his goddamn the goddamn ball Just Make it happen.


Just effing off with the football. He ain't just like, hey. And I saw he made one mistake. He almost got it picked. All he had to do was take the fullback. All he had to do was take 24. The flat. Yeah. When he threw the seam route. And Adam, I think it's Adams got his hands on the ball. Yep. To run it back wide open in the flat. All he had to do was take the flat and they gonna get a first down and they gonna keep the chains moving. Keep Moving. Yeah. But that, that's the thing. You got to look, you see what the 49 you, you can tell team serious about winning. I will say this, Jerry got the deal done. You see what he did with that? Oh yeah. You see what the deal with cd, you see what the 49 ERs did? They got Big Trent. Trent, I ain't coming. I you say hey, they said you know what, Hey we got a Super Bowl to win And.


we are not winning the Super Bowl without those guys. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta be, if you can't listen, if you can't pressure the quarterback Ocho, you can't win in this league At all. At all, At all. The quarterbacks are too good. The quarterbacks are too good. If you don't, if you don't put him under dur rest, Make him under, I don't care if it's one, I don't care if it's 32. If you don't put that quarterback under the rest, 32 will look like number one. Yeah, most definitely. You gotta make it uncomfortable the be the best way you can. And one way for just to do that and to pick up where they left off from a defensive standpoint. You got to bring the sound Redick in or what they do. Who, whatever they do have in the building right now gotta come up. They gotta, yeah, they gotta come up.


They gotta show out. They gotta show up. Shit. And because you look at the court, you got Reed, you got Sauce. So you got guys and sometimes you just need just that extra step. Just that, okay, they held this thing up, now you gotta get there. 1001. Hey guys, all I need is 1003. 1003. We on his ass. But, and you know what? That's another problem. Not only that as good as Sauce Garden is as good as DJ Reed is. How good are you? If you gotta cover somebody for goddamn damn eight seconds. Oh you ain't coming nobody for that long. I don't care Who don't who ain't nobody. You the guys. And that's the thing, Ocho that guy back there, he back there Purdy back there doing this Man chilling.


Man. I, I'm, listen, I saw a few times Unc, he dropped back, looked at his first target, his primary target. He went one when the two, when the three N came all the way back, it was still patting the ball. Yes, yes. And man, Woody Johnson should be on the phone right now. Asan Reddick his agent, I dunno who his agent is. Listen, get something done. They need to, they gotta get something done. But the 49 ERs looked really, really good tonight. Yeah. They ran the football mason. I nobody had ever heard of this kid. Yeah. Just like nobody had ever heard of Terrell Davis. Nobody had ever heard of Ru Orlando, Gary or Mike Anderson. Those guys. Ruben Jones. Yeah.


As a matter of fact, Ruben Jones got cut in Detroit as a matter if I'm not mistaken. They might have cut it. They might, I think he said they cut him on S nine 11. I think that's what I think that's what he said. Damn. But this kid ran the ball exceptionally well. And see, you see the, the, the dimension that Deebo brings. He can, you can hand it to him in the backfield. You can pick it to him, you can swing it to him. He can get down downfield. You see him catch a pass spin up out of the tackle. Get an additional, the one thing, the one thing that you must be able to do in this offense rack, you gotta run after the catch O Joe. Yeah. Because a lot of stuff is, a lot of stuff is shallow.


You're catching a lot of bubble screens. You're catching a lot of shallow crosses. Yeah. You're not get, I mean they, they'll push the ball down the field occasionally, but you got to be able to run after the catch. Okay. That's what makes it so unique. That's what makes these this offense so good. Right. You take a five yard route and you turn into a 25 or 50 yard. Spectacular. I I got a question. Yes. How big is Deebo Samuels? You seen him in person before? I have. How the hell he be playing running back like that? Like I'm talking about this. He built like a running back. He, he what? He built like a running back from waist. You don't like, like running backs. Normally they're like from waist down. Right. Like, like, like Malik ERs.


If you look at Monique laborers, he not elongated. He's not long and lanky like a lot of receivers are. You look at Garrett Wilson, you look at a lobby, you look at a lot of these receivers that's six foot. He's compact And. if you look at his, his frame, you can, it explains why he runs out of a lot of tackles. Why he's so physical and how you think he got the name Deebo. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey, I'm, I'm looking like, man, he really, he really, I'm talking about out the backfield stretched. Yes. What? Yes. Can you imagine Deebo playing during our era with Ray Lewis and Erla and all them talking about come, talking about coming downhill through the He Gap. Not that break, man.


Alright. I'm, and I'm, I'm and I'm, I was a ma I'm like, damn. And then he strong. He the, the, the first, the first person to tackle him or the, at the point of contact. He never falls. He never Falls. Oh, you got, oh you got, you gotta bring, you gotta bring your legs with you to get him down. And normally it's gonna take more than a a, a single individual. Unless you know you're talking about a d tackle or you talk about a linebacker. But safety is in corners. You got your hand full trying to bring Deebo down, Man. That's, that's Crazy. And he runs with such physicality, you know, he runs angry. He runs like to, he runs like Julio. My brother used to play like that. Anquan Bolden plays like that. Like that. Yeah. Guys, physical guys now to and, and Julio were tall.


My brother like six foot tall. Q was like six foot tall. But they were built like running backs. Yeah. And so they tried to run through you and they'll fit, they were physical and they played the game. Physical Ocho Brock Purdy Pass distribution. Jennings had five catches. Deebo five catches Kettle five catches Youth check, two catches IU two catches. He had two drops also one and Mason one catch mistake free performance. I mean, think about it. He had like three drop, three or four drops OCHO drop. Yeah. So this could have been, this could have been a a 22 or 23 or 29 for a pretty close to like two 70. Easily.


Easily


Is back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back To it, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meets today. Back the Day.


Make it all right.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh No, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room And a minimal salary cap it lime.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy. Even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and schedule a professional measure and install. Look At you. A hall of Fame Sun. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh. Blinds.com is the goat. The Goat. Go to blinds.com for up to 50% offsite wide and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Go right now for up to 50% offsite wide@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Thursday night football is back touchdown and it's on Prime Video game changer. It all kicks off this Thursday with the Buffalo Bills taking on the Miami Dolphins and an A FCE showdown with football's best party TNF tonight. Not a Prime member sign up for a 30 day free trial today. It's the Bills and the Dolphins Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


What's new from Apple? There's the new iPhone 16 pro built for Apple intelligence and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods form models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability Updates Apple Intelligence coming this fall.


Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from with new game releases each week. Play for free anytime, anywhere for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW group void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


And you and I were talking about this earlier about iu. I just, I don't like guys like, man, I don't need no training. I needed training camp and I wanted to play in the preseason I did. Now everybody, I mean, hey. Yeah, the guys now I get it now guys, you know, they do OTAs and they do all the stuff and they catch, but I needed to be in the game and I need to get my eyes to refocus on bingo. Playing, playing through contact. Yeah. Play under picking up the ball. 'cause I'm trying to pick up the ball outta the quarterback's hand. Try to make sure I snap my head around because I don't wanna get lazy with my head. I don't wanna get lazy with my eyes. I don't wanna get lazy with my hands. People think you catch with your hands, you catch with your eyes and you don't wanna get lazy with them. And a lot of times it, you know, it takes you a while to get back into the rhythm of things ocho.


And to get my spidey senses, I need my spidey senses to tingling. Like, okay, this is the coverage. Okay, this is where a danger is to know that, to feel that, to be able to sense that I needed it. Now clearly these guys say, well, I don't need it, or they don't want it. Or maybe the owners and, and don't wanna run the risk of getting players hurt. Right. But hell, you playing an inherently dangerous game. Yeah. Oh man, I don't want to have no accident. But you drive every day 30 miles. I mean, how, unless you teleport yourself there, there's a chance you're gonna have an accident and it might not even be your fault. Yeah. I mean listen, you, you can't even play the game of football with that type of mentality.


You, you, you just can't because what's gonna, what, what's, what's for you is for you And what's gonna happen to you? What's going to happen to you no matter what you do, no matter how cautious you are. It, I mean just, just go out there and play. Just go out there and play. That's it. That's, that's it. And the only reason Brandon dropped them damn balls. I'm telling you, like you said, them spidey senses getting acclimated not only the game tempo, but having someone pulling and tugging on you and being able to, being able to track the ball through arms, through just all, all type of stuff. The lights, just all that comes in, comes into account. And that's what the preseason does for you. If you look at Ocho when the ball, what'd he do when the ball hit his hands? He closed his eyes.


I've never seen that before. Normally the guys, normally you track the ball. Ocho I'm tracking, I'm tracking. Yeah. Yeah. And look it in. I look it in. You know, if I lay out for the ball, I, I look it in. Yeah. He closed his eyes. I'm like, well damn, that's, that's new. Yeah, But Purdy threw that ball perfect. I mean he couldn't throw it. He basically walked it to it. You can't throw, you can't throw a better pass. You can't throw a better ball than what Purdy put the ball in our youth hand. And I you he dropped it. I'm sure he loved to have that one back. Yeah. Jeff ho out. Hassan Reddick will forfeit a game check of nearly 800,000 for missing tonight's regular season open against the 49 ERs and an additional 800,000 for each of the games he subsequently misses.


This is on top of the 5 million NFL mandated fine that he's already accumulated. So he ain't got no choice but to stay out because if he comes back, he's already accumulated $5 million fine. That the Jets can't forgive. You remember Ocho in the old days that teams were like, okay, I'm gonna forgive those fines. Come on in, we'll get the contract done. Only if you a rookie can they forget on a rookie contract can they forgive those fines? So, damn. Now he like, bro, I might as well go ahead and sit this one down because Well, so hold on. How, how do you rectify this situation now? So really that 5 million already gone, you might as well just chalk that up. Write that up. So if, if I'm looking at it correctly.


So he's making eight, so he's like almost 800,000. So let's just say 800,000 a game, right? Times 10, that's $8 million. Right? So plus we factor in another seven games at 800,000. That's 56. Right? So that's, he's making up, so he's on about 15.6 million if we do it eight, if we do it 800,000. Right. So now take this out ocho, I've got to come in at half the season and play for free. Or I don't get credited for accredited season. Season. Yeah. So I gotta play half the game. So I need, I need this thing. But if he comes in ocho he play for free. Yeah. Well he, By the time he get game, that's 640,000, Right?


No. Hell no. That's 6.4 million. Hey listen, I mean he, I, so that's 11.4 million. So he damn near playing for free. Some got some got give some some, some got give or can can, can they cut him and allow somebody else to, to pick him up? Hell Nah. They done gave him a They can. I'm sure you could, but you can, you gave 'em a draft pick to get it. Well, if you gave 'em a draft pick to get him What the, I mean, you know what? See, this, this, this, this, this, this the part. But again, owners don't wanna set a precedent. You think you gonna bully us into paying you? Nah, you sit there because our pocket, we gonna lie in our pockets either way.


We gonna be good either way. Boom. But then, you know, sometimes, And that's the thing, Ocho, guess what? Sometimes you gotta stand on business. Even if I don't, even if I don't open the stadium. Right. Even if I don't sell, no, not one fan show up. Yeah. The the the TV deal is gonna pay me 300 million Off Rep now. Okay. I, the games I put 75, 80,000 concession. I got parking, I got merchandise, I got local tv Right. And I got advertisers and sponsors. So This is a dirty game, boy. It's a dirty game cap.


So if I, if I get 300 million ocho, if I get 300 million, right? And the salary cap is what, 2 75? 2 55? That's 45 million. I clear. That's if I don't sell no merchandise, that's if I don't do nobody comes to my game. That's, if I don't get local broadcasting, that's, if I don't get any local sponsors, I, you know somebody that stadium named after somebody. Yeah. Mercedes Benz or FedEx or whatever the case may be. Somebody paying somewhere between 10 and $25 million a year to put their name on your stadium. Yeah. And you got the local affiliate that's paying money. And here's the kick ocho. What people don't realize. Let me, let me hit y'all to some game.


Do y'all realize that every time a network, every time ESPN shows a clip, they had to pay for that. Yeah. On top of the 2.5, 2.7 billion that they already paid. Anytime they show a clip of anything NFL the NBS the same thing. MLB is the same way. Do you know they gotta pay for that and it ain't cheap? Nah, Listen to what I'm saying. Fox pays about $1.9 billion. ESPN pays about 2.2 CBS the same thing. So now I've already paid that. If when they show highlights, like when I come up with Stephen a And, we show a highlight and somebody scored a touchdown or somebody getting a pick six, the network has to pay extra just to show those highlights.


That's why we can't show you those highlights. We love to, but, or show that be working for free. Oh. So Dirty game man. It's A game. So, so the NFL, if you notice NFL don't write a whole lot of checks. The NFL, like the rss, they, they have money coming in, they don't really have a whole lot going out. Always collected. So Yeah. And I look, I ain't got the a a lot of what? I mean, I put my kids through college, I took care of my family because of the NFL. And I'm not trying to look, I'm not trying to damper on, I'm just trying to enlighten you enlighten the fans or let them know how this thing works. Yeah. I mean, we would love to show, we would ocho and I would love to show you highlights so we can bring it down and say this is what happens.


But I think it's how much is, how much is it for like 11 minutes? Like it's in the, like, it's like, I think like probably like for one minute, one minute is six figures, one minute. So if we showed you, if we showed you three highlights and they ran a minute, it's already in the six figures. That's week one. How many highlights does ESPN show? How many highlights does the local, your local affiliate show?


Woo. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm sorry guys. You could just have to take OCHO and I talking about it because we ain't gonna show you no highlights. We never gonna be in no position where we can show you highlight because we ain't got it like that. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't don't say that now. You never know. No, but, but they watched the game ocho, that's, that's useless money. We're not finna spend $20 million in show Some highlights we're not. I'm sure we'd rather have that money in our pockets. Hey. Okay. Okay. I like, I like I like you to hear that. I'm just for some forsaken, let's say I hit the goddamn lotto. Yeah. Or, or the Megan Mans. Yeah. And I get some ob ob absurd amount of cash.


I wouldn't even let you do it. I mean, I think the people would like it though. Nah, ojo the people, the people like us for what, who we are, what, how we do things. We're not a, we're not a highlight show. I mean sure I would, we would love to, but it, it really doesn't make us, it doesn't make doesn't make sense for us. And if it doesn't make dollars, it doesn't make sense. Right? And so let's be, we go, we gonna be, Now you told me we need to think big, right? So I'm thinking big. We could actually challenge ESPN and be their competitor. Huh? Not coming on, not coming, not coming on two nights, not coming on four nights a week, two a nah.


Hey, now, you know, Hey, hell no. You win the, hey, first of all, you win the lottery, Southern godly amount the money. I ain't gonna tell it. I ain't gonna tell it. I mean, hell God, we we get it when we get it. Yeah. Hey man, what old well old show. Hell the hell if I know hell, hell, I might be with you Ocho. Lemme with a billion dollars. Hell, I might be late. Too bad, please. Yeah.


Ocho, check this out. According to next, next gen stats, Trent Williams did not allow single pressure tonight. 33 blocking attempts. Let, Lemme wipe my Tear Mad please. They you with no money You do with church? Hell yeah. Hell no. Okay, Okay. Okay. Let me lock back in. Let lock back in.


Yeah. All right. I'm locked in. Let's go. Let go. Lock In. Good luck with that. You win the lottery, lock it in and don't tell you where you real gonna be. Man. Please. Who you fooling? I I promise you, if I win the lottery, I'm gonna be on time matter. Justin. If you say hundred thousand for a minute, I say six figure. I ain't just say a hundred thousand. You stop. I don't know why you put that figure there. Oh shit. Oh Man, That was funny. But this is why when he held out and says I'm not coming. Right. This is why you pay Big Trent. They understood.


He he he's the best. He's the best lineman in football. Yeah. And you could always rip Rodney, you could always slide the protection away. Right. And say, Trent, you got the best. Yeah. That's a great luxury to have. I played with two guys. I played with Gary Zimmerman, left Tackle, he was a two time, all, all decade, eighties and nineties. I played with Jonathan Ogden. Six foot, eight and a half, 345 pounds. We always flying away from Jo Jo. You got whoever you got. It's a great luxury to have. You don't have to ask nobody to chip. You ain't gotta ask nobody to. Hey, chip your way out. You ain't gotta leave the tight end in Trent.


Lock it down Every time He gonna lock it down. He's an unbelievable, he's going to the, he's going to the Hall of Fame. He's gonna be a first ballot. He's that good. And if I'm not mistaken, hell he and Big Lane Johnson was on the same team in Oklahoma. Lane Johnson, Philadelphia Lane Johnson. Yes. And hold up, wasn't the h AP was on that team too? I think it was him ap Sam Branford might have been a a a freshman. The Quarterback. Yes. No one. No one. The AP was running like that. Man. I think AP was on, on with, with Big Trent. And, and because Trent went top, like top three, top four and Lane was right behind him.


Trent Lane came out in the same draft, didn't he? I'm almost certain he and Lane came out in the same draft. Ah, dang. Yes. Actually look that up. But I'm alm I'm almost certain ocho Yeah, that Lane and Trent came out in the same draft and ap. I think AP might have left a year before they did. Hell, he might have been there with him. Lane 2013.


So who came up? It was like they had two. Like who came out with what other, oh, Sam Bradford came out. Sam Bradford was the first overall pick. T Dub was the, was the third overall pick. That's what it was. Okay. Fourth overall pick. And AP was on that team wasn't AP with with Trent? Yes. Yes. AP not Lane. Lane was after Big Trent, but AP Sam, Bradford and Trent was on the same team. Dang. But them boys were good bro. Yeah, I mean, think about it, just like, who is it? Matthew Stafford, AJ Green and Noha Marino was on the same team and he went to SEC.


Wait, wait, who? Who was aj? Green Quarterback of Georgia. You said Matthew Stafford. It is. I ain't know that. Yeah, no Star Marino bro. Hey, he was nice. He was nice. Ocho we have the body cam footage from Tyreek's. Detainment was released earlier. Let's watch. Its in its entirety. We're gonna look, look at the Tyreek video. We're gonna have Kez Campbell's talking and then you and I'll address it after that. We're gonna watch the video in its entirety so you can see how it unfolded. And then we'll give our synopsis of what we thought, what we think happened.


Hey, I'm not gonna tell you get to leave. I'm gonna get you one more time. You don't leave. I'm gonna jail. Me getting in your car and leave. Avoid this, get your car and leave. I'm giving you an order one more time. Getting in your car and leave more time. I'm giving you an order to get out of here. Here. Hey Hey there. Right here. Hands. I told you please listen. Nope. Too late. Move your car. You didn't want listen the car. Nope. Too Late. I told you, we told you multiple times. I the car. I got. Move the car. Sir, please, please move the car. The car has to hang out for a minute now. He's on.


Yeah. Hey, what's the reference? Huh? What's the reference? Reference? Yeah. Careless. 'cause he was speeding too fast. The fuck. Why You have your window? Why didn't you have your window? What?


Down. Hey, Keep your window down out Manny. Hey, Keep your window down. Keep your window down. I'm gonna get you out of the car. As a matter of fact. Get outta the car. Gimme ass bro. Get out the car. Gimme a break the freaking window. Get outta the car out. Get outta the car right now. We're not playing this game. Get out. Get out. Get Out. Get out. Getting out. Get out. Get out. Get out. What Part of drugs you understand? Hey Drew. Hey Drew. I'm getting arrested. Drew. I'm getting arrested.


I'm getting arrested. Drew. I'm getting out bro. God damn. T Twin. When we tell you to do something, you do it. I'm getting out. You understand? I'm getting up bro. You understand? Not what you Juan, but what we tell you? I'm getting out. You a little fucking confused. I'm getting out bro. Too late bro. Too late. Alright bro. Take me to jail bro. Do what you gotta do bro. We are, we will. Good, good bro. It is good. Hey, hey, don't worry about it. I hung up the phone. Can you stop crying? Run y'all. Stop, move. Good bro. You beating on my window like you crazy. Just sit Him up. Where y'all beating on my window like y'all crazy for. Damn. Yo, bro. Hold up. Hold bro, bro.


Yo bro, dude beating on my window like he crazy. I ain't do nothing twin man. Hey, Hey don't park there. Don't park there. Hey, hold on, on Twin. Hold on, hold on bro. I just had surgery on my knee. I just had surgery on my knee bro. I just had surgery on. I just surgery in your ears. When we go bro. Chill bro. Hey don't new bro up. Hey call, call Drew. Call Drew. Call Drew. Call Drew. Call Drew. Hey call Drew. Call Drew bro. Call Drew. Call Drew.


Hey, call Drew bro. A a call Drew bro and call Drew. Hey, I'm not doing anything. I'm not doing nothing. What am I doing? That's wrong. Hey listen, listen, listen. Take me back. Hey, hey listen. Hey man, they got re the cops over here beating on him man. Listen, they over here beating on Tyre. Listen, big Man. Don't park there man. Just get In the car. Hey there street you about come man. Just get in the car Up right off the side. On the side of the, Hey, get in the car. You're parked in the middle of the Street. I'm in the car. You gotta go before you take, I'm not in the car. Who's the driver? This is my car. Alright, I'll take, you gotta move right now, man. Lemme have your license. You're gonna have ticket too.


I'm coming. Lemme have your license. Lemme have your license. I'm leaving. I'm not playing. Have your license. I'm leaving. Yo. Going on your license right now. What's going on? Your license right now. You're not gonna gimme your license. You're not gonna gimme a license. I'm leaving. Lemme have your license. Your license right now, sir. Hey, your license right now? I'm leaving. Alright. I'm gonna unlock you your license right now. He just told me to leave your license right now. You're dealing with me now, sir. Your license right now. Damn man. That was the entire body cam footage of the, the arrest. You hear him say they knew who it was. It was, it is Tyreek Hill. He later said that he was, he was speeding and, and it kind of escalated.


It escalated from there. It look, it appears to me Ocho and I could be wrong. You, you? Yeah. You tell me what you thinking. Yes, sir. Is that they asked for, they asked him to roll the windows down. He rolled the window down just enough I guess to give him his driver's license and registration. That's all he's required to do. He doesn't have to roll it all the way down. Yes, sir. Just so the, the, the officer can have visual contact with him. Right? He gave him his driver's license and his and his registration. Right. And he rolls the windows back up. Back up. Yeah. It's tough because he knows who he is. Ocho because let, let, let's, he knows who that is.


He knows that's Tyreek. We hear him say they know that's Tyreek Hill. Yeah. The officer is like, wants to remain. I want to have visual contact with you Ocho. Right. Okay. We talking, I got visual contact. You got your window down enough where I can see you now it looks like I could be wrong, but it looks like he has tinted tinted windows. Yeah, they tinted. Yeah, in Miami, you know, we, we allowed to tint And so it looks like I, I guess the officer is taken into account because you have to understand the officer is taking into account. He rolls the window back up. Now I no longer have visual contact with him, you See? So, okay. Take it from there. And then I'm, I'm, I'm gonna piggyback off of you.


Go ahead. I mean, when, when, when it first started, obviously license registration, roll your window down, Tyreek upset about them knocking on the window. Right. Obviously aggressively and aggress in aggressive manner. But when a cop initially walked over, if I'm not mistaken, I saw Tyreek hand him the driver's license so that at that point Tyreek rolled the window back up. Right Now, as an officer understand that it is Tyreek Hill, but I don't think any, I don't think a civilian, if civilians don't get any grace, then I don't think they're gonna give Tyreek Hill any grace to allow him to roll his window back up, back up to where he can't have any, Lose visual contact with him, Lose visual contact.


Even though Tyreek is in a threat in this manner. Yeah. All I'm assuming have to always stick the protocol regards to who the person is. Right. But I would, I would've, I would've liked my dog understanding. You got a game, you know how authority is already, you know how cops are in general with all the situations that have gone on countless years back to back, to back, to back to back. Just this one time, you know, I got a game to play, bro. Here's my, here's my license here, my registration, get your ticket and go about your business. Get your ticket and go about your business. Let's lock it on the game. You feel me?


But, but, but cooler heads didn't prevail then. You know, your, your teammates getting into it, you know, obviously rightfully soaked. But shit, hell, if, if I I was a teammate, I would, you know, I pulled my blacks asshole. For sure. What's the problem? I, I've been in that situation where, like I said, we got into a brawl and my teammates and they're telling us to back up because at that point in time, police gotta make instant, they gotta make split seconds. Oh Yeah, yeah. They gotta do something. Yeah. They Like, oh, see you have the luxury of sitting back here watching it. But imagine how his antenna goes up when he's there. Yes, sir. And, we, we assume, like I said, he doesn't have that luxury. Once I lose contact with you, Ocho I don't know if you go into the glove box.


I don't know if you go into the middle box. I don't know anything. Yeah. I wanna maintain visual contact with you. That's why I said you heard what I said last night and you heard me say it many, many years ago. Right. Years ago. My job when I, once I get pulled over and the police have made contact with me. Yeah. My job is to get him to my car back to his police car or his motorcycle and on his weight as quickly as I possibly can. I know the longer he remains there, the greater the chance is for something to escalate. Yeah. Yeah. So that's what I'm, that's what I'm saying. It's like, look and think about this and, and I want people in the chat. I want you to understand what I'm talking about. Think about how people hate on you and they don't have any power.


Do you realize when that man, oh, that female pulled you over side the road. They got all the power With the gun, with the badge. I'm not arguing with, with, with the badge. I, I can't. I I you're, you're, you're, you're the lawyer. You're the judge. You everything. I'm gonna take my chances in court, but I'm gonna take my chances in court as a live person. Yeah. I don't want my family trying to try to defend what transpired. Nah. I need to be there to tell the story. Yes, sir. Not you telling. Now I knew what was gonna happen. I knew this. They were gonna say, we asked him to roll down the window and he was defiant in rolling down his window, in a window in a timely manner. I knew that was coming Ocho Yeah, I knew, I knew that was coming.


You know that. I know that, that's why I get, I'm feeding. Hey, it's happened. I rolled down my window. I, when he comes, I got it waiting on it. Yeah. Hey, you ain't gotta ask me because it's right, it's right over my visor. Right. I got my driver's license in my bag. I got the, the insurance right there. There it is right there. Any, it didn't even had to go to that though. You talk, you talk about abuse power, you know, even as officers of the law, understanding who the individual is, understanding that the individual is no threat. There's a game. He was speeding. I don't think he was late. He couldn't, No, he wasn't late. Because, because k we had on the day o we had Kal on the day he said it was around, they have to be there.


They had to be there by 11 because the game was at 1 0 5. Yeah. Two hours before, Two hours before the game. He said it was around 10, 18, 10 20, something like that. Right. Okay. So he have a good two and a half, two hours and 32 45. And the stadium is a block away. And that, that, that's unfortunate, man. A little, a little, a little aggressive though for me too. Oh, For sure. Hey, listen. A little too, a little, a little too aggressive. I I, I wish there was a cop there that, that could have deescalated the situation a little bit, a little bit better, you know, to, to allow cooler heads to prevail. Just a little too aggressive and, and abusive of the power that they did have to put behind the back to put the knee in the back and like, come on, come on, come on now. Yeah, come on man. You know, but it's unfortunate.


Oh, Ocho it's unfortunate. That's how it is. Most think about it, if there's a pack of dog Yeah. And one of 'em bite, all of a sudden the others will join in. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Every Time you, you, when you were, when you were in school, the bully, hey, once they started picking on somebody, then everybody started picking on them. Start picking. Yeah. The officers are just the same. One get aggressive, the other feels in boredom and he gets a little bit more aggressive instead of trying to deescalate the situation, Hey, Mr. Hill, we understand, we understand you're frustrated. We got a game. Just let us do our job and we'll get you on your way. We'll issue you a citation. Hey, hey, the date's gonna be on there. You can fight it in court. Move on.


That's what you would've liked to happen. Yeah. But it seems like once, like, well, hell up. I can't let you get all this aggression out on him. Let me get some Yeah. I said get on the ground. You heard what I said? Yeah. I mean, eh, And we, we, we, we've seen this so many times and the outcome and most of the other situations were much different. They were much different. So I'm glad. I don't understand why he put a knee on his back. I don't understand. I don't understand. He wasn't struggling. He, I mean, people don't understand. Lay on your stomach and put your hand behind the back and see how you feel because that's an unnatural position. Yeah. Because your diaphragm needs to go up and down.


That's why it's hard for you to breathe when you are on your stuff. Now think about it. Now you could, you sleep like this here, but just imagine putting your hands behind your back, back and now you compressing the diaphragm. Tyree wasn't, he wasn't, he wasn't struggling. He didn't give them any reason once they got him out the car to take the stance in which they stuck. Yeah. But it was like a situation. Ocho man, you done made me open this man. You done made me open it. Don't get your ass outta this car, man. You know how Right. You right. They, they was frustrated. They was frustrated. They was frustrated. You know. Yeah. Think it, like I Said, I when he rolled, when he rolled the window back up? Yeah. Oh, he was on one then he was like, oh, It was open. Then You, you wrote, you rolled the window up in my face.


Rolled the window up in my face. Okay. I got, so He had his license already. So did, there was, there was nothing else to really talk about except go to your motorcycle and, and, and run. You already knew who it Was. You already, Kevin, you heard, you heard him say that's Tyreek Hill. Yeah. You heard him in the video Say that. Yeah. I just wish Tyreek let this be a lesson learned. Let this, anybody that's watching, let this be a lesson learned. Yeah, I understand. Nobody likes being stopped, especially when you're in a hurry or you don't feel you're doing anything wrong, but take it to court. I got, I've gotten stopped. I wasn't, I didn't believe I was speeding. I said Right.


You know, and I Said to myself, I see you in court. Right. You know how I said I was, the judge said, well, Mr. Sharp, I said I wasn't speeding. Right. I said, he didn't tell me how fast I was going. He just said I was traveling faster than him. Well, how fast was he going? Just because I'm going faster than you. That don't mean I'm speed. That's a good one. That's what he told me. Ojo. I said, okay, I'm gonna court. I ain't been, I ain't Finn to spend all my time side the road with you. All that talking and going back and forth. I'm gonna keep my mouth closed. I'm gonna tell my side of the story. Nobody's gonna tell Shannon Sharpe or what they think happened or what they surmised happened. I am going to tell my story.


I'm going home to my kids. Yeah. I'm going home. So let this a remember what you try to, what, what you want to happen when the police comes and they'll come and they pull you up for speeding or any moving violation. Yeah. Your job is to get them to your car, back to their car as quick as possible. Yeah. Okay. With as little talking as possible, because I don't want anything, I don't want you to think that I'm trying to be, because if you ask me how fast I was going, I say no, I do not. I wasn't watching. He gonna think I got smart with him. Now he's, oh, you wanna get smart? You're uppity. You know what? Yeah. You think because you on tv you think 'cause you got millions, you better than me and you could talk to me.


So no, I don't know how fast I was going. I said, okay, I'm sorry. I didn't know I was going that fast. Officer. Alright, sit right here. You sure will lead that window down too. I sure do. In the, in the, in the, in the court of public opinion. You know, people are gonna choose their size. Yeah. Based on who think is. Right. Who they think is wrong. I just, on my end, you know how I am. I don't, I don't play with the law. Yeah. I don't, I don't want, I don't want no part of you. I don't, I don't want no part of that at all. I wanna get home to my kids. Broh. That's it. Always. I'm gonna get home to my kids. Oh. I had a, I can, I can't afford no more mistakes.


Huh? I had a, I had a situation that was the 4th of July. But You ain't, you ain't hear me though. You what? What? Oh, yo. No, dude. You're right. Yeah. Lemme Take my glass. Lemme take my glasses off. Real. So the check can see my eyes, bro. I can't afford no more mistakes. No, I don't get more chances after this shit, man. I, man, you Can't get knocked. You can't get knocked down and get up again. Not at Uhuh. Not at the age. We are Ocho in our twenties, we got, you know, we got the rest of our twenties. We got into our thirties. But at this juncture where we are now, Ocho I was at the, it was a fourth. It was, this was a while ago. This had to be almost 20 years ago. Yes sir. Me bucket and my homeboy Big Cal.


So, met this, met the, this chick and, and I hit her up because we were out and she said, well I'm at such and such, won't you come by? I was like, well I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna come by. I'm not gonna come in, but I'll call you once I get outside. Okay. She came and the girlfriends came, you know, they nice, nice looking, you know, nice, looking nice, you know, you know, you know what I'm saying? They die. Yeah. Yeah. Ooh, thick. I'm talking about thick like Kel glasses. I'm talking about think like that. You know what I'm saying, Don? I'm just, Hold on. Like, like red fox glasses. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That kind of thing. Like stink eye. Yeah. They think like, yeah, they think like Kel. Yeah. And so she came outside And, we was talking, you know, she had a little man skirt on, blah, blah blah.


And he is like, you don't need to move. I was like, okay. So we move further down. Right. One of the guys said, and I was like, okay, I move further down. Nah, you can't stand there. One of the guys, one of the police officers said, nah, that's Shannon Sharpe. He cool. Let stay there. No, I told him to move. Oh. I said, Hey baby, I'll holler at you later. Okay. Alright. Boom. I left. You see he already own one. Right, Right, Right. He mad 'cause I got something that he want. Right. She talking to me. She wouldn't give him the time today. I know that. He know that. So he feeling one ain't bother nobody.


Right. Once he said, hey, once he said I said move. That told me right there that he had rank. I'm up outta there. I'm Good. He he going, he gonna abuse that little power. I'm good, bro. I'm good. It's all later that night though. You can't stop. You can't stop. Progress. Progress must progress. Yes. Come on now. They ain't gonna hate Nas, ocho, ocho, ocho.


It's Back to everything season on the Today Show. It always Feels so good to get back to it, Back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on Hitting high gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch The Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the day. Make it alright.


Thursday night football is back touchdown and it's on Prime Video game changer. It all kicks off. It's Thursday with the Buffalo Bills taking on the Miami Dolphins and an A FCE showdown with football's best party TNF tonight. Not a Prime member sign up for a 30 day free trial today. It's the Bills and the Dolphins Thursday only on prime video restrictions of apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land, you know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


What's new from Apple. There's the new iPhone 16 pro built for Apple intelligence and it comes with the all new camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access your camera tools. The new Apple Watch series 10 has our biggest display in our thinnest design ever. And this, it's the sound of active noise cancellation now available on one of two new AirPods four models. So quiet, check out all of the new products and new features@apple.com. You can even buy yourself something new. See apple.com for product availability updates Apple Intelligence coming This fall


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


A lawsuit filed Monday in Houston, Texas alleges Deshaun Watson committed sexual assault and battery while on a date October, 2020, the new civil suit claims WA Watson exposed himself, requested a massage and sexually assaulted the victim before she was able to resist and get him to leave her apartment. Apartment. Excuse me. We all know that in August of 22, the NFL suspended Watson for 11 games, find them $5 million for violating the NFL personal conduct policy. After more than 20 women alleged that Watson committed sexual misconduct during massage therapy sessions. Watson reached in a confidential settlement with 23 of the 24 women in 2022.


He previously denied any wrongdoing and maintained that any sex with the women was consensual. Watson was required by the NFL to commit to mandatory evaluation and treatment as a part of its reinstatement. ocho what is your take on these new allegations? Shit, man, that's, that's, that's, that's tough For me. OCHO man. I, I, I don't, I don't wanna I don't wanna say the wrong one. I don't wanna say the wrong thing.


I don't wanna say the wrong thing. Obviously, obviously, you know, it's, it's tough there, there's certain things I should, I should I, I should stay away from that. You are better suited to answer, you know, so I I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let you take that one. Look, I think, if I'm not mistaken, Ocho, all of this happened in a finite period of time, sir. There was a period of time in which he was in Houston and from what a lot of the women alleged they were, you know, he would reach out through IG or whatever the case may be. He would request a massage and things happen and I guess some happen against their will. Yes, sir. That's what they're alleging. And I think now, I could be wrong, but this is around this time that all of these happened.


Right. So I, when I, when I read it today, I was like, okay, 2020, that's, so I don't think this is anything new. This was around that time when all the women, now this was 22, 23. I was like, damn, Deshaun bro, you was in a situation back in 2020 Right. And you put yourself back in this situation. It's kinda like what that lady, remember they did the documentary with oj Yes sir. And the lady said, we got you off the first time you went back and did it again. You on your, to you on your own Jack. Right. And hit it with a piece out. So I was like, Deshaun, you put yourself back in this situation. But I think it was, it, it was, it was probably during that time. And this one is kind of like a drip, drip leak leak coming out.


Right. Okay. Dang. Very, very, very, it is very, very, it's, it's just tough, man. Yeah. It's just tough. 'cause you know, you have, you have daughters. I have daughters. I don't know if you have any sisters. I have sisters. Yeah. And, we take, we take, we take this stuff and that's why, you know, I didn't want, I was, I remember when I was at, at, at Fox and this first came out and I didn't want to be, I didn't want to jump to no, no conclusion one way or another. Yeah. Because you're gonna offend someone, Somebody, which Is why if you don't believe them, you don't believe the women. But then you jump to the conclusion and you'll automatically offend guys that have been wrongly accused.


Right. And I, and I've been one of those guys that have been wrongly accused and so I know what it's like to have that, those eyes Yeah. Looking at you. Right. But That's, that's why, that's why I was reluctant really, really, really to comment, really to say, because I, I don't know who I might offend. I don't wanna say the wrong thing that I, I, you're better suited, you're a little bit more polished when it comes to things that are very uncomfortable for me to explain and be able to express, you know, whether right or wrong or indifferent. I just, I, there there's certain things I don't want to touch. Yeah. Those type of topics when it comes to race, religion, in politics, you know, I'm might I'm that it's, it's, it is a, it's no win.


There's no loss. It's just a continuing ongoing session of he say, she say right said this. He said that. I think this situation will be like the rest of them. Yes sir. I think everybody deserves to have their day in court. Everybody deserves to be heard and you know, men or women of of his peers. Yes sir. If it gets that far, but it's just, it's a continuation. It seems like it's, it's never ending. It seems like it's a, a groundhogs day or a bad, I'm sure it's a bad dream for him. You know, he just lost his father.


I didn't know that. And he said, I was reading today where he said the team gave him a choice that either, you know, he could go and be with his family or he could play in the game and he chose to play to be with his brothers. I think a lot of people probably would've done that. I remember when Brett fav lost his father the night before and he played probably his, arguably one of his best games of his career. I think a lot of guys would probably do that. Some, and I wouldn't hold that against him if they chose to be with family in a time like this. Right. I certainly would understand it. But I'm sure for Deshaun, he just feel like, man, when would this ever end? And I just hope that, you know, everybody finds resolution and everybody's able to to, to, I don't think you ever, I don't think if you're a man or a woman involved in this, I don't think it every, it ever goes away.


I don't think you like get over it. I don't think you get over it. Nah, it re it replays in your head like a loop. But we'll see what happens down the road. If, if it's something comes over, maybe it's a, there's a settlement maybe, you know, the judge is, I, I don't know. And like you said, all we know is that there were charges filed saying that, alleging that this is what transpired. So we'll see once it, the internet talking about the internet is speculating that the Browns leaked this info, info to get outta the contract. I don't, I don't think they can because it's something that's expos facto.


It didn't happen after he signed the contract. This happened before he signed the contract. So it's, it's almost like, and I hate to use the term grandfather because it's something that happened before the contract was signed, don't you? Yeah. So it's like I can be in an apartment and I get a and you don't have a a you don't have an ordinance that says I can't have a mini horse, but I go get a mini horse and you say, well, moving forward nobody can have a mini horse. Well, I'm grandfather because I had the mini horse before you set the ordinance. Right. So in this situation, now, I could be wrong, there's, I'm sure some lawyers would, would like to jump on here, but it says, here are the full paragraph of paragraph 42 players hereby did Watson disclose this specific potential claim to the Browns in writing before he signed the contract?


That's the key question. If he did the lawsuit can't, can't activate paragraph 42. If he didn't, things get potentially complicated. But here's the thing. What if he didn't know? What if he didn't, what if he didn't know? Right. I can see because a lot of these women had already put situations out there. If he doesn't know, I mean, that's the thing, the thing this is, this is not if, if is cut and dry as it same ocho you could, like we know it's illegal to park by a fire hydrant. It's illegal to park in front of a fire hydrant.


Yes sir. You could say, well, I didn't know. They gonna say ignorance of the law is not an excuse. Hmm. If I don't know that someone is gonna allege a claim against me, how can I tell you that? Something that I don't know, that's not, I don't believe that's an ignorance of the law as parking or, you know, running a red light or parking in front of a fire hydrant. This is totally different. I don't know. I don't, I don't know. He could have known and not disclosed it. I don't know. But I'm just saying, I don't know. Somebody might 20, 20 years ago say, you know what, this, what happened? Huh? Well Shannon, if we gonna have to void the contract, hell, I didn't know it happened. Right. I can't tell you something that I didn't know.


But this is a, this is, this is a really tough situation, Ocho, because you dealing, we see this thing that happened in Hollywood and with this me Too movement. Now it's like people are not asking questions. You're like, you're guilty until proven innocent. It used to be innocent until proven guilty. Now you're guilty until proven innocent. Right. And that's, that's, that's a tough, that's a tough standard. The Volume


Hear that pumpkin that's fall calling and the pumpkin spice latte is back at Starbucks from that first sweater to late autumn weather. It's all a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo


Lenovo,


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Vitamin Water is from New York. We needed a drink that can keep up with the music scene in the city. We gotta see our favorite DJ perform in Brooklyn at 3:00 AM or sing karaoke in the village also at 3:00 AM Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.