
It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that. With the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's know's home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same Day, valid on eligible in stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


Hey There, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blind Side in Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake waken Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Waken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey Everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, all the Biggest Slack artists that on The planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player to score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Cardinals win 1715 on the game winning kick by Chad Ryland made a 32 yard field goal to secure the vicars time Kyle Murr registered his 10th game with at least one passing and one rushing touchdown. Yeah. Since he entered the league in 2019, only Josh Allen 11 has more such games. ocho, I don't know how many times. Yeah, and I don't sound like a broken record, but I told you King Field, go get your ass beat. Now what did the Chargers do? Five Chargers kicked five field goals. The cardinal scored two touchdown in one field. Goal Boo. Hey, that guy. What you see when he, when he scrambled boy and hit that sideline?


Hey listen. Oh, we can run. I knew he could run. I ain't know he was that damn fast. Yeah. Oh yeah. He take a thousand steps every 10 yards. I mean his feet, like he Yeah, But K Murray, k Murray. He was dishing. He was dishing. This game wasn't e exciting to, to me, obviously it wasn't exciting as a ravens bucks game, but, but it was good. It was good. It was good. Listen, the goddamn cardinal snapped. The sixth game lutton streak against a FC teams. Other than that, I mean, James, I, I don't wanna mess up the last James. James Connor. James Connor. Despite the fumbles, everybody was peanut punching the knife for some reason.


Not knocking, knocking the balls out. It, it was, it was a good game. It was a good game. The charger, the Chargers look, ah, for, for it to be a hardball run team. Now they're, they're not as as good as I'd expect them to be. Now obviously it's his first year. It's his first year, but I'm, I'm sure at some point they will get going especially on, on the, on the defensive end. With that much talent. With that much talent that they, that he has at his disposal, you know, as, as, as a coach. I'm sure he'll get that defense going. I expect you see how, you see how the Minnesota defense looks when they play that or the de the Detroit Lion defense.


That's what I expect. Yes. The goddamn charges to look like I ex I that's, that's what I expect 'em to look like. Yeah, that's too, they got too, there's too much over there. It's too much. I think if they were on any other team, you take, you know, those players and put 'em on any other team. It's it's, it's different. Yeah. They got all pro players and Durwin James, they got pro, they got all pro, they got a defensive player of the year and Khalil Mack, they got a a a a Rookie of the Year and a Pro Bowl player and all pro player and Joey Bosa, they got talent on that side of football. Asante Samuel Jr. Well, yeah, It's just for whatever reason, but you obvious, look at Justin Herbert 27 or 39, shit.


3 49. But you saw, what's this guy Jalen Reer about to score, get the ball punched out, touch back. I thought It I, on that play, I thought score was out, but it's Yeah. Yeah, it was, It was close. It was close and you know, he, he didn't feel him. 'cause normally you try to, when you catch the ball Ocho you always try to put the ball right closest to the sideline. So therefore point goes outta bound, it goes out of bounds. Sometimes you get an unlucky bounce and you know you got it in that arm and it goes behind it. Yes sir. And it stays in bounds. But more times than not, if you got the arm, if the ball is into the arm that's closer to the sideline.


Yeah. Normally you get a favorable bound. But the charges, I, I mean I thought they'd run the ball a little better than what they did. 22 Russians, 59 yards, not nearly good enough. That's a lot of pressure on your offensive line to have Justin Herbert drop back 39 times. He was dealing, he was dealing. But Yeah, You set up for field goals and Arizona didn't do much, but when they got close Yes sir. They punched the ball into the end zone and they end up winning the ball game. OO Tua says he won't wear a guardian cap. Dolphins running back day. Devon a chan, a chan war one against the coast on Sunday in return from a concussion.


But Toula said he will not do the same. Toula said it's a personal choice. When asked why he decided not to wear the extra protection to was also asked about those who are concerned about him putting himself at risk of lasting problems due to brain injury. He said there's a gray area in terms of what doctors believe in terms of long-term impact of concussions and playing football is what makes me happy and I'm gonna do it. I appreciate your concern. I really do. I love this game. I love it to death. I love it to the death of me. Hey, that's It. Hey Chad, let me, let me help, let me help everybody. Yep. Hey Chad, listen to me real quick. A and I'm, I'm not trying to be rude, I'm not trying to, to come off and, and, and sensitive.


I understand he's had concussions. You know what you sign up for When you play a game of this magnitude that is as violent as it is the guardian cap, the fuck is the guardian cap gonna do? I mean, no disrespect, I mean no disrespect the brain itself, Chad, y'all stay with me. The brain itself, it sits in a ball, a ball of fluid. Right. No amount of extra padding externally, which is the guardian cap can fully protect players from concussions, especially if they've already had them multiple concussions.


The brain is already damaged from crashing against the skull over and over and over. And there is no amount of protection including a guardian cap that is gonna pro protect the skull in general from the helmet. The, the helmet impact just, I mean just the guardian cap because still if you do get hit again, even with the guardian cap on, the ball of fluid is going to hit the skull and the same thing is going to happen. The same thing's gonna happen. So this, this, this perceived notion that, I think that's what he put the guardian cap on. Oh, it's gonna prevent concussions. No the fuck It's not No, it's not gonna prevent it.


Just like, just like you could wear your seatbelt and still die in a car crash. Just like the air, just like the airbag, you could still die, but it does offer an extra layer of protection. Right, right, right, right. I i It's not the end all be all. I understand, I understand what you mean. But these players are moving at such a fast rate of speed on once that once you're jarred up there, once you're jarred up there, even with that guardian cap and that fluid and that and that, that that brain hits the skull again, it's gonna be the same. It's gonna be, it's gonna be the same thing. I I don't think people, people at home, I know you watch football and you see it. I'm not sure how close you've been to the game.


Them motherfuckers moving fast as hell, man. Yeah, The research says the guardian caps have contributed to nearly 50% reduction in concussions. The cap can absorb at least 10% of the force of a hit according to NFL research. That 10% of force makes a massive, I ain't Difference. I ain't buying them numbers. Lemme ask you, do you think a seatbelt say help save lives? Hey, that's why they tell you to buckle up. Why? How? Oh, so you don't want that extra level protection in the, you want the extra level protection in the car, but now that you hear, Hey, you, you, you hear the numbers, you see how threw the numbers out for the, for the, for the guard.


For the guardian cap. Right. How did you do the research? Have the study have to research, don't using them. So where the research coming at, you had, you have to do it on the players that are actually playing in the game and play a full 70 season. Huh? And practice. Oh, Don't practice hit nobody in practice, man. You know, everybody practices in them. Hey, come On. Don't Do me like that. They do hit man. Lemme ask you a question. How much do the seatbelt, how much does the seatbelt reduces? It, it, How much does the airbag, It does like, no, no bullshit. I'm not even, I'm not even gonna sit here and play like that. I, I know multiple stories with the fact that they had they seatbelt on and it saved they ass.


Bill Belichick did not take county to j Gerard May calling some of his former players. Soft Bill went on Bill McAfee show and said, you know, defensively the Patriots led the league in rushing last and rushing defense. And this year the way down to 20, it's some of the same guys. It kind of, it kind of hurt for those guys to call them soft. They're not soft. They were the best team in the league against the run. Is that why y'all had the third pick in the draft this year? Uhoh? Oh, hold on, hold on Joe, before you answer that Uhoh, I feel bad for the players defensively on that one because that's a tough group. Lemme ask you this Ocho. Yes sir. Do you ever think Coach Belichick has ever called a team soft? Nah, that's not the way he talks.


It's not in, it is not in his DNA. If he does call him soft, he'll never say it publicly. Okay, because here's the thing. Yes Sir. Because, Because if he calls him soft, who selected those soft players? Coach Belichick that said it. Exactly. So nah, you ain't call 'em soft. We led the league in Rush defense. Yeah, that's because everybody, why I'm gonna run the ball when I can throw the ball over your head all, all night long. Hey Ocho, I don't need to break in your window if the front door is open. That's a good one. Hey, why am I doing? That's a good one. Why would I, why would I break a window when the front door is open? He make Coach Belichick.


I look, I think Coach Belichick is the greatest coach in NFL history. Absolutely. But you had to third pick in the draft for a reason. Coach. Well, I mean the the NEP quarterback play as well, but you right? I mean they score, I mean that defense for them not to be saw somebody scored him that defense. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, how many games they win last, last year? Damn, I forgot, I forgot what they were last year. Now Whether, you wanna call 'em soft? There was some, there were some questionable decisions on your part too. Coach Belichick. Now remember you had Joe Judge and you had Matt Patricia calling plays for the first time because arrogance.


Now I'm gonna take Gerard. I don't look, I, I I don't know Mayo, but all I know is this. The Jacksonville Jaguars ran the ball 16 straight times. Yeah. Not one, not two, not three, not four, not five. How many? Not 10, not 15. 16 straight times straight. Hell nah, Nah. Hey, maybe, maybe. But you have to understand Coach Belichick, everybody doesn't. I mean, okay, you didn't say some things publicly, right?


But you probably call you play. Hey, y'all played soft today. We played soft today. That's not like us. Gerard Mayo is not gonna do things like you did 'em. Yeah, it's different. That's okay. Completely Different. You should Two different coaching styles. It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them.


Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's knows home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same day. Valid on eligible in-Stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms. Apply See lows.com/same day delivery for details.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I wanna quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday. Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast. Wake and Jake, it's your go-to spot for anything and everything, sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Waking Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport. We're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus, we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Awaken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Waken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And the kids said, I'm black and I'm proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, we All came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast


Ocho. The 49 ERs remained the only the lone unbeaten as they go to Levi Stadium and take down the 49 ERs. 28 18 Mahomes threw two interceptions against the 49 ERs. He has eight on the seasons. One was deflected on the deflected pass. The other ones when Xavier worthy fell on the route. He has six passing touchdowns and through six games this season, KC Defense continues to stifle its opponent until Sunday. Mark the 27th consecutive game in which the Steeler Steelers, the Chiefs have allowed 28 of fewer points on Sunday. They stymied the 49 ERs run game, putting the ball in Brock Purdy's hands. And we already know Spags debunked pressure forced another three interceptions.


Didn't purdy have like three How many interceptions you had last week? Brock Purdy, 17 to 31, 2 1 2, 3 to three interceptions, zero touchdowns. A QBR of 13 Mason. They had bought, had 14 carriers for 58 yards. Brock Purdy had eight for 27, 24 rushes 101 yards now. Okay, hey, I want, okay, okay, okay. 49 ERs tell us about Brock Purdy. He'll Elite. Y'all been telling me he'll Elite.


Hey Deebo out Jwan Jennings out. Are you got hurt? IU got IU got out. Krista McCaffrey, McCaffrey's out. I mean, hey Unc, I mean, I'm not, I'm not taking up, I'm not taking up for Purdy. But how efficient is she supposed to be when your superstars are going like that? When the players that make that make that, that make that team go or make that offense go, what, what you supposed to do? That's like if you got an engine, but he ain't got no belt. The engine run, but the car can't move 'cause ain't no belt on the goddamn engine. We don't make excuse. I Don't even know if that analogy made sense. It Makes sense, but, but when Lamar didn't have receivers, we didn't give him Lamar no excuse.


When Patrick Holmes guys was dropping past it, they outta the game. We didn't give him no excuse. Yeah. So now we make excuses for the guy. They told me he was that guy. Oh no, I'm, I'm not, I'm just asking. I'm just saying he's a product of the system. I don't begrudge him for being on a system to have Debo and have IU and have all those weapons. I don't begrudge that. But let's call it what it is. It's almost a situation like Joe, he has everything. Let's remove that head and see what he can do. Oh, hey Joe. JoeGon, get it done anyway now. No, I'm saying job in the Bible. The devil told oh, Oh, you talking about, oh hey, that, hey that, hey, that's my nigga job. But cool bro. You remember the devil? The devil said, of course he's gonna pray.


The the devil told you God. He's like, yeah, he gonna praise you. You gave him everything he said, remove that hedge and he'll cuss his very maker. Well, listen and, and listen, that goes for a lot of things in life too, huh? Hey, some, some of your best friends, some of the people you think is your friends, tell him no one time. Watch what Happened. That's what anybody Ocho sign. Ocho, I signed 50 autographs. If I don't sign 51, asshole, What the fuck? I mean, I've been, I've in the airport all the time, Ocho and you know, they're like, Hey, you mind if I get a picture picture?


I was like, my man, I, IIII wish I could. I said, but if I take one, I mean, then everybody gonna start. I gotta take, but hey, nobody's gonna notice it. So nobody's gonna see me with my me and you standing side by side, my arm around you. Right. Nobody gonna see me. Nobody gonna see that and say, damn, nobody's gonna recognize you. Yeah. I said, you did. I said, bro, Hey, but that's, but that's how it is, Ocho and you learn to accept those things. You learn it every, like the, you learn a lot about a per, you learn a lot about people when you tell 'em no. Yeah. Hold on. When you tell 'em no and when you make 'em angry, you tell no, you make him angry. You find out.


I'm like, damn. I told you what? No one time. One time I say no one. Yeah. Yeah. And now I'm a mofo. I ain't ish. Damn. I ain't never done nothing for you before. Okay, Well God damn, I just, If I ain't done it today, Sometimes you gotta start writing stuff down you do for people and then remind them later on when they kind of forget. When you say no. Like, listen, this ain't right time for this. Right? Because here's the thing, you don't remind, because here's the thing, you just have to put limits on what you give. Takers never put limits on what they take. Oh no. They gonna take that.


Exactly. So I don't, I don't need to remind you. I don't need to remind you Ocho I really, there's only been a handful of time in my life Yeah. That I've given something and I've expected something in return. Normally if I give somebody, now if it's a, a large sum, let's just say I give somebody, I, somebody I really know, I'll give, I'll say, Hey bro. They like, Hey Charlotte. Hey bro, I need, I need you, I need a favor. Okay. What? Hey, say no more. What is it bro? Can you, can you slide me? Can you slide me a hundred? No problem. A hundred What? A hundred dollars. A hundred fo.


Oh Ocho. Hey, Hold up. Wait, I got a question before you even finish the story. Now, if you have someone that needs a hundred thousand now, will they ever be in a position to be able to pay that back? Or, or how does that work? Do they have to pay you back? No, no. Normally what I do, gimme 50 of it back when you can And let Go. I eat the other 50. Okay. Okay. You're a real one. You're a real one. I like, yeah, I like that. I like that. Like, Because, because the thing is, look, I, I, I, 'cause here's the thing I look at, like my friends, my true friends, if the roles were reversed, I can honestly say they'll Do it. They'll do it for you.


No question, man. I tell the story bucket to tell you. I had a, I had a Range Rover, I only had like 20,000 miles on it. And I, I was gonna get the new, the new model was coming out and he said, man, homeboy. I said, homeboy, I'm gonna get rid of my truck. You want it? He like, homeboy, I would, I would love to have it, but homeboy, I can't, I can't afford that. I said, Hey, I cut you a deal. The blue book on it was like 60. I said, I tell you what, can you swing 25? I said, I tell you what, I'll gimme 25. I just got a another four year extended warranty, which was about $6,000. So it's about $66,000 total. I said, gimme 25 and I'll let you have it.


He said, you for real? So he go to the ba he go to the credit union and it's like he gave him the vin number and everything and they pull it up and it said he only wants 25. That's my homeboy. Yeah. And I only charge him 25. 'cause I don't want him to feel like, I want him to feel like I paid for this. My homeboy ain't give me nothing. Right, right, right, Right, right. So that's, that's what I do for my homeboys. But normally if I give somebody a large sum of money, like somebody I know, not obviously my brother and my sister, my brother ain't know nothing. He ain't gotta pay me. He ain't never gotta pay me back. He can come get a million, he can come get a million right now. And he good for it forever. Right. But my homeboys like people I know they good, they good. I, I, I don't ask for anything.


But anytime I give anybody money, I don't expect it back. 'cause I'm only gonna give you what I can afford to give and not expect it back. So I'm not gonna give you something that, man, I wonder we going to pay me back and then I don't want you to avoid me. Ocho you know how some people, you give somebody OCHO and all of a sudden they, You don't hear from him no more. You don't hear from him no More. The Vikings fall undefeated as the Lions go into Minnesota and beat them. 31 29. Jerry Goff has nine touchdowns and 15 incompletions during the Lions current four game win streak. The Lions have scored 120 points over the past three games are the most in a three game span since they scored 1 25 in 1997 with the Eagles in 49 ERs sorting through a bunch of early season issues with the head-to-Head Road victory of the Vikings in their pocket.


The Lions are the nfcs team to beat. The Lions gave up 383 yards. But when it counted late, they got off the field, give it to their offense. And guess what? Jerry Goff went down the field, got in field goal range, they kick a walk off field goal. Jamir Gibbs 116 Rush Yards, collected another 144 rushing. He became the first Lions player with 150 plus scrimmage yards and two Russian touchdowns in a game since 2011. That game was good. It was Jerry Goff was 22 or 25. Lemme Jerry Goff Stacho 22 or 25 2 82 touchdown. Remember he had a game this season where he was 18 of 18.


Yeah. So he's 22 or 25 for 2 82 touchdowns, clean no picks. They rushed the ball 27 times. 1 44, 2 touchdowns. All my running St. Brown. Eight catches a buck 12, one touchdown gives four for 44 Khali Raymond three for 39 a tub. Montgomery three for 39. La Porta. The only one that didn't do a whole lot was Jameson Williams. But it's so, it is so funny is the fact that you just said that last week. Jameson Williams went off last week. Jameson Williams went off and Aman Saint Ahman Ross St. Brown didn't really do anything this week. Jameson Williams didn't do much.


And Amand, Saint Ahman Ross St. Brown goes crazy. The balance. Jamir Gibbs one week. He has a good game. David Montgomery doesn't do much. I think it's the first game this season that Montgomery hadn't scored a touchdown. Yeah. Jamir Gibbs was on fire. They were, he was on fire. I think they were able to do so well offensively because they was able to run the ball. Yeah. It made the, made the pass the game that much better. Oh, they gonna run the ball now. Ocho. Oh yeah. Every time, You know their, their coach believes in that every time. Yeah. That's because running the football is a mentality. It's not about tricking somebody. It's about lining up and man, man Imano putting a hat and moving a man against his will.


That's what the running game is about. It's about an attitude. It's about I believe that I'm more physical than you. And so now that sets up everything else. Detroit. I ain't breaking no news to nobody. Detroit legit Ocho Hold on. Talk about, talk about Aaron Glenn in that defense. Oh Yeah, they, they're getting better. Hey Aaron. Glenn in that defense, that guy, damn Brian Branch He'll Ball Hawk. I know pe I know people, I know people probably tired of me talking about Brian r Brian Branch. That boy is boy, he nice boy. He nice, depending on what package he's in, sometimes it a nickel, sometimes it's their safety. Yep. Man, all over The place.


And they young, they young ocho. Yeah. You got, they got a bunch of babies out there. Yeah. Yeah. They gonna be good for a while Outside of Carlton Davis. I think Carlton Davis might, I might be wrong, but Carlton Davis might be the oldest player and he ain't even old. Yeah. He be, he It look good Ion Arnold, he out there, them boys had they hand full with Justin Jefferson. And they, they, they, they did a okay Job. Same for 81. Hit him to seven for 81. He had eight targets. One touchdown. Addison had three for 66. Naylor had four for 76. But they did a job. Sam, Donna was 22 or 27, 2 59. One touchdown, one reception did a great job. They pressured him. Yeah, he wasn't that bad. Aaron Jones running the ball extremely well again.


Yeah, but you still think they need to go to, to get somebody to replace? Hell Yeah. I'm get I I'm going to get Crosby. Oh, still? Yeah, I'm going to get cro. Can you imagine what that defense would be with that kind of pressure? Now That'd be crazy. I'm trying to win ocho. Oh, you know I got another one. I got another one for you just to throw it out there. Throw that the number one pick that went to Jacksonville a few years ago. The Walker, what you think? No, no. I take, I'll take what? I'll take, I'll take Max over that. Absolutely. Okay. Max Motor. I was Just, I was just thinking Max Motor Max have what?


You can't teach. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He don't go now That Relentless ever. He don't go, you can't teach that. He Don't go 24 7. Hey, like a look like a college frat boy. He don't go. The trade deadline is what, next week, next Tuesday? Or is it this Tuesday? The next Tuesday. So a week from Tuesday, OCHO is the trade deadline. Right. I ain't waiting. We gonna See, ain't waiting. Hey, what y'all want from Max? I give you a first and a third. I give you a first this year, a third this year. And I give you a fifth next year.


The following in 2020 and 26. Yeah. I heard somebody talk about, man, we ain't ain't giving, they ain't giving up no Mac cr is no first and a third. Shit. The hell they Ain't. Man you crazy. For what? Because lemme ask you a question. Tell me the player that you're gonna get because you're going to the playoffs and I believe you're gonna make a deep run. Tell me the player that you can get in the draft that's gonna be 28 or lower. That's better than Max Crosby. Tell me the player that y'all can get. Nathaniel. And Here's the thing, he can't help you till 25. Max Crosby can help you in 24. Right. So for me it's a no brainer for me.


It, it, it, I mean It's, it is easy. Especially if you, especially if you're serious. If you're serious about making a run and if you're serious about making a run, I mean, I, I would pull the trigger. I'm not sure who, who makes that Call? Well, I mean obviously I think Esco is the gm, but Mark David obviously when you, when you trade, when you trade a franchise player like Crosby, ob obviously the, the, the owner's gonna be involved in it. And because here's the thing, you don't have a quarterback and you might gonna want to, you might want need extra, some extra ammunition to move up to go get one. Yeah. Get your, get make, get your fire, make it a fire cell then Look, y'all don't doing it.


You're not go, first of all, you're not going nowhere. You're not going anywhere. You know that. I know that. Right. You're not going, so I'm not going Ocho here's the thing. Right now I can lose the house and then I can sell all the parts in it and then babe, hey, maybe move down and get me something next year. Right. But I ain't gonna let him take everything. So what I keep Max Crosby, he's already made it abundantly clear. I don't wanna be a part of a rebuild. I'm about winning. You not gonna win in el in, in, in, in, in Vegas. He not. Yeah, he know. He know that. They know that.


Yes. Yeah. Listen, the Lions to the Raiders, Dan Campbell need to, to send my homie Antonio Pierce a message and just text him, help me help you. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Nothing else. Help me. Help you. And I get him outta the a c go to the NFC, go to the NFCI ain't gotta worry about you. You ain't got, you ain't because I ain't gonna face you anytime Zoom, because it gonna be a wave before we get to a Super Bowl. So I ain't worried about him. Let Rick shop over there. But I I that I, I would, I'm definitely, I'm definitely trying to, that's what I'm trying to do on show.


It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's knows home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same Day. Valid on eligible in-Stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lows.com/same day delivery for details.


Hey everyone, Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast. Wake and Jake, it's your go-to spot for anything and everything, sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on waking and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport. We're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel. And new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, we All came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Congratulations To the Packers as they win on the last second field goal 24 22 over the Houston Texans. The Bengals beat the Browns 2114 fans. Boo Deshaun Watson, after he goes down, what, what appears to be an Achilles injury, Jamus appears Pop. You can see it through the sock and the replay. It it just, I we we gotta go with it appears to be a serious Achilles injury. Oh my Bad, my bad, my bad. Okay, go ahead. Okay. The Bingos win 2114 Jamis, a healthy Scratch comes in as an emergency quarterback because Dorian Thompson, he gets Nick, right.


Jamis was the emergency quarterback. He had to come in, he was five of 11 for 67 yards. Dorian Thompson was 11 of 24 for 82 yards and Deshaun was having a pretty good game. He was 15 or 17 for 128 yards. But he can't seem to catch a break Ocho he just can't seem to, to catch a break. Yeah, That's tough. That's tough. That that's, that's that's tough for him, obviously. I mean, depending on who you are and how you've, how you feel about Deshaun Watson, the football player, the football player, you, you, you wanna see him do well, you wanna see him do well outside of that, obviously, you know, the, the rumblings and the, the, the, the, the booing of, of him being injured.


Yeah, I don't, I can't get down with that until Yeah. Yeah, you probably can't get down with that. But you, you have to understand, you know, we all, we all treat things differently. You can't, it's hard to tell people how to react based on things that have happened in the past that have occurred. So it's like, it it is tough. It's tough. You know, some people aren't, aren't aren't gonna, aren't gonna forget that. Not forget, I, I get all that, but somebody gets hurt and you applaud that. Yeah. I don't believe in Yeah, I don't believe, look, they have the right, they paid their hard earned money because in the introduction, when they, he came out, they had Nick Chubb last, they booed him, they cheered Nick Chubb, I ain't got no problem with that.


You have the right, but when somebody gets injured for you to applaud that I'm out. Yeah. Hey, but you, you know how people are Unc like when you listen, they don't, man, listen, if they ain't fucking with you, excuse my language, it don't matter what it is hurt you pass away. They, they don't care. You playing bad. They don't, they give 2 0 0. You know what? They don't care. Yeah. They don't care. You know, fans, you know how, you know how fans are. Oh shit. Oh man. She, I mean I can, I can might dislike something or someone Right. But I'm not gonna applaud mishap. I'm not gonna have applaud unfor.


Right. Somebody getting injured or you know, somebody that, you know, people like that. Oh, I'm, I'm happy, huh? Yeah. You happy to? Nah, I, I don't, I don't, I don't operate like that no matter what I think of somebody, I don't, I don't wish death on them. Yeah. I don't never bad and I don't wish injury on someone because it's, it, it, like, I just, like I said, you paid your money, you want to boot Aman Budman. But IIII just, there's never gonna be a situation OCHO where somebody gets injured and I'm gonna be happy. You, you clapping. Yeah. Yeah. I, I just, but again, you know, when it comes to fans and you know how fans are, they're very fickle, very, very fickle things haven't been going well in Cleveland, you know, for them, based on the quarterback play throughout the season this year, they probably wanted a change of the quarterback position and, and just everything coming full circle and, and him going down.


And I, I think with the frustration from the fans and that's, that's what we got today. Obviously the, the stuff that happened off the field didn't make it any better. Joe, Joe Burrow was 15 to 25, 180 1 2 touchdowns. He got sacked three times. I mean they, he, it o Joe, they didn't do anything spectacular. I mean they had 20, think about Ocho, they had 25 rushes for 59 yards. Yeah. It was the turnovers that they got a, they got a hundred yard kickoff return and they got a short fee. You know, Thompson turned the ball over twice, but it wasn't like they did anything spectacular. T Higgins had four for 82. Chase had five for 55. They both called a touchdown.


But yeah, that was it. I mean if you look at it 25 25. So again, another 50 plus plays, which is crazy. Crazy. Yeah. 50 plays. Yeah. But it's not how many plays it's making the plays that you have count and when they got opportunities, chase made a guy Miss called a, a quick pass, made a guy miss hit the scene. He was in the end zone. Chase ran a great route. Joe threw a great ball touchdown. And you know, like I said, they got the hundred yard kick return to start the game. Mocho. Yep. Charlie Jones. Yep. Oh, that fir that first play on the inside. That was, that was a slant route.


Double, double slants. That was t and it was Chase that caught the fade on Greg Newsom. You say you, oh you saw he hit the Tyrone flu? Yeah. And stepped over. Boy, this is Hey, the, the the brown. The brown got a real good defense man. I love, I love, I love Miss some Denzel Ward. Boy, I love that boy. That boy you Came over. Yeah, but the offense though, his Bad. And so, so who's the James wins gonna be the starter from now on? He might, I mean it all depends on Dorian Thompson. Yeah, he might. He Is the starter. Well, Dorian, if Dorian Thompson is healthy, he came in because he was the, no, Remember James Wilson was a healthy scratch today.


He wasn't even dressed. He was the third quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, third quarterback wasn't dressed. No. They dressed him. Nah, let's bet, bet $5. Yeah. Deshaun went in. I mean Thompson went in after Deshaun got hurt. Right. But I'm saying they went in the game with two quarterbacks. Yeah. Jamis, Winson wasn't dressed today. But I'm saying there's a reason why he wasn't, he wasn't dressed Ocho because why You put him up, you put a third quarterback up. That means you gotta take an offensive lineman. A defensive lineman. A wide receiver. Oh Yeah. You gotta take somebody. Okay. Okay. I see what you're Saying. Unless James playing on running down there point a kickoff or kick, kick return.


We can't, we can't have him now. So he, who's he is gonna be the starter or Dorian Thompson gonna be the starter. Thompson got nicked. We don't know the significance of the injury. So once we find out the sign, he, he might, he could be the starter because Thompson injury is so bad, he might not be able to play. Then you have, Wait, hold on. I just thought about that. I'm tripping. So Dorian Thompson was the second quarterback. Yes. So there's a possibility if Thompson is nicked really good, really good or bad. Right. However you wanna look at it. He might not be able to play next week and then you, I mean you won't have any choice but to put Jamus.


'cause we know Deshaun's not playing. Yeah. Damn it. That's unfortunate it Man. It is. And and what's what's Cleveland? What you thinking? What could have been Dang is over. It's over Joe. Hey you. Oh my goodness man. Just like through, nevermind. I don't wanna talk about that because that's that's that that shit, that shit nasty. It is seeing that thing pop. You know when they do it in slow motion. Yeah. And you can see the vibration through the sock. The little ripple. Yep. I knew exactly what it was.


Brady Cook returns from the hospital to lead number 19. The number 19 Tigers Missouri Tigers to a comeback win over Auburn Cook went to the hospital for an MII but later returned in the third quarter with Missouri down 17 six. Cook immediately led Missouri on his first touchdown. Driver of the game Red shirt freshman. Jamal Roberts finished things with a four yard scoring plunge. Excuse me. As Missouri Defense stifled Auburn on fourth and 18 with less than 10 seconds left on the clock to secure the win Cook returned. And the fact that it looks like he'll be okay moving forward is huge for the Tigers. I ain't never seen nothing like this here. Ocho. Right. He pulled, he pulled that pole Pierce.


Huh? Wheelchair. MRI come back in. Yeah. And hack a fool. But you know how long an MR MRI take on? Yeah, I do. I've had, I've had several of 'em. These Badass hips. Hey bad buddy. When and got an M MRI and came back and went crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I know how long it took. It reminds me of situation rest his soul Goose man. Yeah man Goose, check us out man. Goose, we playing in Baltimore and I know the fans in Baltimore know y'all remember this man, goose got hit. Goose can't move.


Goose can't move. So they come out there, they put a board up on his big ass and get him out the field and get him out the field. Goose leaving the ambulance Right when he left in the ambulance. Next thing you know Goose come running back out on the field. I said, come on man. Man. Hey what? Hey, what was Wrong with you? Nothing. You probably had to go to the bathroom. Hey, well that's funny man.


Man Goose, Tony Goose was always doing something man. They had to get Goose one time. They Yeah, Lamar did that also against Cleveland. Man, goose had to go to the bathroom. Goose say whatever you do, don't roll me over. He kept, man, goose kept some bull going. He he really did. Right man. I said man, first of all ain't nowhere in hell now. Especially the NFL game. They cart you off the field Ocho. Right. They gonna let you come back in the game. Oh no, man. But the thing back, I think about, man, I think about some of the stuff that we did that they allowed.


Yeah. Ain't no way. Ain't no way they allow you to do that. It wouldn't work. Nope. Because I, I remember I got, I knocked myself out in the game against the Patriots on a Monday night. Missed like two quarters. Man, they got late in the ball game. They talking about a sharp. We need you because they took my helmet at first. Oh, you went back in the game. Got close. Hey, I'm holding three fingers up. How many fingers I got up three. Let's go. You good? I went right on back. Y'all gonna look it up. I went right on back out there. Old Joe. Hell nah. Hey. Yeah. Hey, that's funny.


The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about. Or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake, I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake and Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it. New episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, all the Biggest Slack artists on the planet Together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone, it's Katie Keurig. Well, the election is in the home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne, the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.