
This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


We All have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Travon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters, So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes, that's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas.


Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal flag, Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com. The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on Draft Kings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Alright, Ocho, check this out. Shadur Sanders considered one of the top two players at the position available in April's draft. Will not work out at the scouting combine in Indy this week. That's fine though. Saturdays won't work out. He will meet with teams in Indy. Quarterbacks are scheduled to arrive Tuesday at the combine, which formally opens Monday. Their on field workouts are slated for Saturday. UR is expected to throw on campus next month at Colorado's Pro Day ocho. You like this? Yeah, I don't have no problem with that. I don't have no problem with that at all. And not, not at all. Listen, there's enough film out there. We know we can throw the ball. There's no need to throw in front of the scouts. Throw, throw, throw, throw. Where it's most important, huh? If the scouts wanna see you throw, look at the film, turn it on.


You have a a a lot of film from Jackson State to Colorado to high school. We know what he can do. We know what he can do with his arm. We've seen him do it before. Pro Day is is is where where it's gonna be. Be nice. Y'all come out here. You wanna see me throw, come on out here to the pro day. No need, no, no need to throw there. There are certain people that have to put that, put that presentation on as far as throwing and what they can do as far agility wise at the quarterback position at their, I mean at the combine. Stewart's not one of them. Have you seen the, the the trainings attention with him and Cam Ward? I Do. I have, I have. Boy they, they, well, they hilarious. They hilarious. They Are, They're they funny. They, they, you remember the movie? Two Old Grumpy Men or some something like that?


Grumpy Old Men. That's Yeah. Yeah, that's, they remind me them two. I don't know why they, that's really funny. That's good content between them two. Jack Limmer and Walter Math. Oh, you remember the names? Okay. Okay. You ready? You ready for Hollywood? Okay. And didn't what you call 'em try, I think didn't what you call 'em do a remake of that Morgan Freeman and somebody, didn't they do a remake? I know that. I, if I'm not mistaken, I know Jack Lemon and, and Walter Math. That was the original grumpy old men.


Oh, they mad at us talking about, we, we tried to make Smitty seem like a victim. Ain't nobody say Smitty a victim. All Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Who is what? Hold on. Schmitty is the victim here. What did they talk about? Schmit ain't no victim. He not. No. Wait, he didn't know. Let's just go ahead and not a victim. Okay. Not the victim. So the wife. The wife. But, But we weren't but we weren't trying to make him a victim. All we were saying is that it was two consenting adults.


Right. What he knew. I'm not here to say what he knew. 'cause I don't know. Smitty ain't never talked to me about it. And I I I don't talk about it. So I don't know what Smitty knew when he knew or how he found out. That's not what I'm saying. All we all Ocho and I were saying is that, bro, your problem should be with her. Not him. Smitty isn't married to you. Smitty is not under the op. He does Smitty doesn't owe you anything. She owes you that. She owes you loyalty. She owes you commitment. Not Smitty. I'm trying to figure out, I'm trying to, I'm trying to look. Lemme look in the chat and see who the hell is mentioning Smitty in the first place and not focused on the goddamn wife and a husband.


That's all I'm saying. Look, I I'm saying look, I what All I'm saying is, is that the guy, whatever the party is, the other party doesn't owe the individual anything. Because if it's a female, be mad at your husband, not the female. Because the female is not in the relationship with you. The female. If you're married, the female didn't make a commitment to you before. God. Smitty did not make no commitment to this guy. The guy and the young lady had a, they took those vows. Those vows are sacred to them. That's what I'm saying. That's my stance now.


All that other stuff, however they want to take it, whatever y'all wanna take out of that. That's all I'm saying. Me. Hey, you just keep it moving you. If you are in a relationship, hey, I don't think this thing is gonna work out Between us. Whatever the case, maybe that's what she wants you to do. And you go ahead and move on. If you married, hey, go ahead and get your lawyer. Draw this paper up, boom, boom, boom and keep it moving. It's, it's really that simple. Ocho Hey, Yes, Human nature's undefeated. Next topic. Yeah. Jordan Love has reportedly been recruiting.


Devonte Adams, can you see Devonte going back to Green Bay? Ooh, that's a good one. A nice veteran resident for them. Young Bulls out there. That's, I I like it. I like it. It may, it, it makes sense to me. Romeo Dobbs Watson coming back off injury. We got Wix, Reed Davante Adams is the veteran presence to show them boys, listen, this, this how you get it done. I like it. It's a nice vi vi viable weapon that's consistent. Can still play the game. He still got that sauce. There's nothing wrong with him. He might might even, even even he got a little edge on him. But I I I like that look, I like that look, I like what Jordan Love is doing too. And I'm sure La Floyd will open him back with open arms.


I'm sure the Green Bay organization will open him back with open arms. I don't think he left with a ba left them with a bad taste in their mouth as, as far as when he did leave. But I think it'd be a good thing. I think the thing when you got small kids though, Joe, the thing is that Devonte has kids and probably after October they're not gonna be able to go outside 'cause they're gonna be snow on the ground. Right. But it's been that way for eight years when he was there the first time. Huh. And I think the thing is, that's why one of the reasons why he went to Vegas, okay. He liked Vegas. Right, because he turned out more money. He left more money in Green Bay. Now maybe he got that money back because there's no state income tax. But Right. Plus the kids, basically the kids get to go outside for the most part nine months outta the year.


If they're three months, it's too hot. They're not going outside. But Ocho that's good. Look what OCHO and I is talking about is this situation. Now I would feel the same way if Smitty's wife called her because she is an owe no obligation to Smitty. You are in the re you are in the marriage. That's how that works. Ocho there's two sides. You and I both looking at it. What we're saying is that we can only only do what we, to our knowledge. Smitty's wife hasn't called the young lady.


We're talking about the guy that called Smitty. We're not saying, look, if two people are married Yes. Because both sides, somebody got hurt on both sides. Woman on one side, man on the other side of vice versa. That's all we're saying. Ocho we haven't heard anything from Smitty's side. All we are hearing is from her side, which is her husband. That's it. Smitty is gonna whatever, whatever transpires Smitty's. Smitty is gonna have to have a conversation. He's gonna have to sit down and have a conversation with his wife. That's between them. Just like this should have been between him and her.


That's all I'm saying. The, the public didn't have to, didn't have to hear about it. But he tried and embarrass Smitty because he's hurt. So that's what this was about. Mm. Hurt people. Hurt people. Yep. Ocho Human Connect. You know what, Hey, we've been, we've been seeing situations like this since the beginning of time And you'll continue And niggas it is gonna keep coming and human nature is undefeated for the million time tonight. Alright. Ocho? Yeah. Classical Burrows has sold his giant Super Bowl ring. Black woman Dog at what?


A dog At? Is that Super Bowl what? 52? 42 42 xl. Oh yeah. 30. Is that 37? 37. 37. XL is 30 35. Okay. We was, we were Super Bowl 35. No, it's gotta be, it's gotta be 40 something ash because we were Super Bowl 35 XXX five. No. Yeah. So 12 years. So it'd been 2007. Yes. Okay. I I thought 42. The highest, the highest anyone has ever paid for a SUV bowl ring.


He sold the ring Ocho it went for $280,600 at auction. Burs made over 29 million in his career. Okay. Okay. Question? I have a question. Yes. I mean, I'm, I'm curious when people actually sell their rings or sell their memorabilia, especially Super Bowl rings like this, does that mean that they don't have money anymore? Or you just wanna get rid of I dunno what it means. I don't wanna speculate. Okay. I don't, I'm, I'm, I'm, When I say Tom Brady, I saw Tom Brady auction off his, his watches. Do we not think, do we think Tom Brady is destitute? I mean he's making 37 million from, from Fox Plus all of his out outside endeavors.


So I don't think Tom Brady, maybe he wanted to get rid of those watches. Maybe he wants to replace them. I don't know. I don't, I don't. So I don't wanna speculate. I know people will speculate because it's a sup. I mean, you work so hard to get that and now, you know, but sometimes it, it doesn't mean super rings don't mean the same thing to everybody. Ocho They and they think you can't eat them rings. Right. Them them rings ain't paying the bills. Well they can pay them bills once you get rid of 'em. You know? So, you know Plex, he made over 29 million. Let's just say he made 30 million. We gonna cut that in half for 15 million.


Okay. He gotta live, I think he had a wife got kids, okay. He got in trouble with the law. That probably ate up a million dollars right there. Dang Man. Ocho you know it don't take And the problem is when you have money going out and you don't have any coming in. See that's the problem. So Ocho you used to having money coming in, so think about it. Right? You gotta live now. I don't know, I don't know plaque's lifestyle, but I'm saying you got a mortgage, you got car note, you got kids, you got wife and you got nothing coming in. Right. That's why, see that's why and see, and you, you wonder why I got, you know, 367, 11 jobs.


I gotta live, I got kids like I want, I want to get this mega yacht by the, by the end of 2026. And there's only one way I'm gonna get it by having multiple streams of income. Yeah. So I always like, I was like, damn bro. Damn. Would you ever auction off one of your rings? No. I, I got three kids. Each kid's gonna get a ring. Now what they do with it after that, that's on them. How do you decide which kid gets which ring The oldest.


Kayla get the first one. Kiara get the second one po get the last one. Now is there way to decipher which Ring holds more valuable? Is worth more than the other? Or they you think it's all, all all equal? I don't, I don't, I don't think anything this, that's the way I'm split it up when it comes to, when it comes to certain memorabilia. Okay. A lot of the stuff I'm gonna try to sell 'cause I know they're gonna sell it. Now the the gold jacket that's not gonna sell. I probably end up donating that to Savannah State. Let them keep that. It's hard for them to keep stuff on campus 'cause they're worried about stuff. Steal people stealing it. They took my jersey down. They had my jersey up. They retired my jersey many years ago. But they took it outta the case because they was worried about somebody stealing it And that, and that's unfortunate.


But yeah, the kids, each kid to get a ring. I'm very fortunate. Three for three, I'm, you know, they'll get some stuff. Each one to get a Super Bowl jersey. Same thing. First, second, third. But most of the stuff, I'm just gonna end up selling it 'cause I know they're gonna sell it. They're not gonna keep all those game balls that I won and stuff like that on show. It's just the cleats and stuff like this. You know, I would like for them to, but it doesn't mean the same, it doesn't mean the same to them as it meant to me. Right. So have you thought about what you want to want to give me? Or, or I ain't, I'm walking away empty handed. I got a Nightcap hat with my sign on.


I got some boxing gloves you can shoot me. You can shoot, we can have a three point competition for this LV basketball if you want to. So they, they get, they get the good stuff and I got, I get a LV basketball, Bro. You ain't even got your own memorabilia. What the hell you gonna do with mine? Sell it. Exactly. That's, that's why, that's why I'm beating them to the punch. Yeah. Nah, that, that's, that's why I would beat them to the punch. 'cause I know that's what they gonna do and Right. Me. So, and I just, I I would just rather go ahead and take that outta the equation because like sometime the appearance, I mean, you know, they gonna be taken care of, but they, somebody see them selling something, man.


I know he left them all that money and they ain't got no money now. So. Right. I'm gonna take that off Nick plate. I tell you what, lemme get that Eagles Heaven Eagles fans. I got, I got, I got something to sell y'all. What you got? What you got? Huh? What you got Eagles fans? Y'all wanna buy this? The old old school? Lemme see the face mask. I can tell you who it is.


Urban Fryer? Yep. Am I right or wrong? Yeah, I I guess that, I don't know. I I saw the, I saw the face mask, So I I was either gonna go with Urban Fryer or what's the receiver, what's my dog now? I can't remember dog name. Played for the Bears. Played for the Eagles too. Als Sean Jeffries Al Shawn. Yeah, I was gonna say Als Sean and Irving Fryer because I, I, I know I could, I could tell Receiver doesn't even have to have his helmet on, but I know who it is based on the team. And then the face mask don't, I don't think they got these, I don't think they wear these helmets anymore. No, not the helmet, but just the, the, just the, the, I don't know.


It's, it is weird how I can tell I'm Gonna, I'll be willing to get, y'all might be ready to partake with that. I'm trying to think. Should, should I sell some, should I sell to my memorabilia? Yeah. Yeah. As shaking in the head. As shaking in the head though. Yeah. And sell it and send me the proceeds.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime Credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can bill credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home Loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime. Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network. ATM withdrawals and OTC advance fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


If you love to travel, capital One has a rewards credit card that's perfect for you. With the Capital One Venture X card, you earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy. Plus you get premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book on Capital One travel and with Venture X, you get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Open up a world of travel possibilities with a Capital One Venture X card. What's in your wallet Terms Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See capital one.com for details.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE. Greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five Dirt four Paige is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad em, I left them off my list, but I still like my list.


You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed.


Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Actually I ain't selling anything. Oh, Joe Eagles DC Vic Fangio berated the defense and team meeting for the second half performance in the Super Bowl. Jalen Hunt, Joe. Yeah. Hunt says even after the Super Bowl, after the team meeting was going over the parade prep, Fangio made the defense stay back and go over the game. He gets to the second half and says this is unacceptable.


Unacceptable. 22 points. He wants perfection. You like this Ocho? Yeah. It's it's cool. I like it. It's so, I mean, let's see. He's, he's setting the precedent. He's setting the standard on what they're gonna have to need to do and continue to do because they, I mean, they have the opportunity to win a dynasty. Young team is very young, both sides of the ball. Yeah. You know, you have a few old, few older players, but they have a chance to do something special with the chiefs almost. Were able to do the, the Eagles have a chance to run it again. So, you know, coach understands that. And talking to his defense where mainly really everybody's probably coming back next year. Including some added pieces, you know, via off season acquisitions and, and the draft. So I mean, you, you setting the tone, you setting the president early.


I I like it. I like it. I it kind of, kind of extreme. Especially after you already won, You know, you had such a large lead. I mean gonna, you're gonna give up some points. But, you know, for the most part, I mean they, they played extremely well. The reason why they were able to have a game the way they had is because of the defense in The first half. Yeah, for sure. First half Everything. They, they played extremely well and he wanted that same. He's like, y'all let up. We supposed to have a blank d we supposed to be the only team to have under the, to not let him score a point at all. That's what he was looking for. Yeah. He didn't want him to score a point. That would've been, that would've been possible. Hell, they didn't even get a first down. They didn't cross the 50 yard line. The whole first half.


The whole first half. Who At the Giants, how many, how many yards, how many yards did the Giants have against that Ravens defense? Jordan, go back and pull up, you pull up the play by play for the Giants. Raven Super Bowl. I mean, you think, you think I don't think they had 200 yards. A ball Offense. Yeah. Giants 35. They have 152 total yards. That's it.


The whole game. Gimme, gimme, gimme the play by play. What they, what they, because they went, you ought to see what they Oh, they didn't scored now they scored on the kickoff. They didn't score no points on the offense. Yeah, that, that don't count. They score no points on offense. Oh yeah, they was, you got the play by play. Okay, hold on Chad. You gotta, I mean you got, you gotta see this when you, when when, because they had like, we, they, they, no, I need to like play by play.


What the Giants did like punt. Punt they done. Hey that. Hey that's So, you know what's funny? Like every time you talk, every time you stop talking. Yeah. Like I'm sitting so close to the ocean. Yeah. I can the wave. I could hear the waves hitting. Crashing up. Crashing up as shore. Every time you stop. If I was in Miami, you like man I could hear unc. That'd be UNC hitting.


Hey man, Let's see. Hey I wanna know about them mink. The mink pajamas. I'm finna Google that. I want some of them. They got a mink. What you call them? M What? Robe You serious? Yeah. Lb. See how much it is About 18. 1800. No Mink. Whoa. Mink Road Men's, They got a new one. They just, they just, Oh these ain't that expensive.


Huh? You looking at the Gochi and Gaana got a green one for 5 95. You got it. Bottega. That's it. Oh. I don't think this is the right kind of Meek. I we talking about I, I'll, I'll, I'll send it to you Here. Lemme take this off. Well that botte of a nigga Netta. Nice Ocho. Yeah. Yes sir. The Giants three plays Punt Three plays. They got three plays. No yard. Three plays, one yard, five plays 18 yards, three plays six yards.


Okay. Three plays. Two yards. Three plays. One yard interception, nine plays 45 yards and three plays. Interception, inter interception, punt interception, touchdown that ran the kickback. Three plays. Zero yard replays minus four yards. Three plays four yards. End of game. Golly. Hold on. Oh this is that Raven Defense from 2000. Yes. Against the Giants. Against the Giants. I seen. I see. I've seen them in person. I know what that, I know what that looked like. That's believable. Them joke is with three plays, no yard, three plays, one yard, five plays 18 yards, three plays six yards, three plays two yards, three plays.


One yard, inception, punt, inception in interception. Punt in interception. Touchdown punt, punt, punt end of game. Damn. Yeah. I don't think y'all gonna see that again. Minority candidates are now owe for 29 in getting NFL offensive coordinator jobs this season 29 OC jobs in a row to white coaches zero to minorities. The USA today are reporting ocho What you think? I mean it's nothing new. I'm not even sure why they're reporting it. It's been going on for the longest.


It's been going on for the longest. You know, I'm not even sure why we're reporting it now. We continue to have this same discourse every single time it comes around after jobs are taken or jobs are not given. We continue to say the same thing over and over and over. We continue. We continue to fight over and over and over for positions that they don't want us in. And they continuously, they continuously make it clear that they don't want us in those positions and yet, you know, we still fight for 'em. I'm not sure how long we're going to con continue to keep fighting for the positions that obviously we, we deserve, that we are qualified for. But obviously those that aren't as qualified as those that are still get them before us for a reason.


'cause they don't want us there. I'm not sure what else to say. Yeah, we did get ag got one job, so Yeah, I guess. Yeah. Baby steps, Ocho baby steps. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, I'm, I'm with you. We, we, we've been, we've been, we've been crawling and taking baby steps for, for four oh years. You know, Ocho a question went viral on Twitter. What old person thing do you do? Oh, this is a good one. This is a good one.


You know what old person thing that I do? Prob probably go to bed early, you know, outside at nights we have Nightcap. Yeah. I'm, I'm asleep by nine o'clock. Nine PMM up at 5:00 AM and I, I'm not sure if you would, you would, you would consider sitting on the porch and people watching an old person thing because everybody, people's watch. Yeah, everyone, people watches in general. But I like, I make it a thing to actually do when I go places. Yeah. Like it's people watching. Is is a extreme sport. It pass by so much time depending on where you are at the airport. Oh amazing. At the mall. Amazing. You can, you can pass by. You can kill a lot of time.


People watching and I'm not sure if you consider that an old people thing being that they love sitting out on the porch and just being nosy in general. I consider that in a form of people watching as well. I don't, I Don't sit out on my porch. I don't do nothing. I, I put clo ocho I work out my garage and people just walk up. Hey, I thought that was you. How you doing? If you don't get your ass outta my garage. Oh bang Ocho, I listen. People think I'm laughing. People don't have no field. They don't, they don't have no nothing. People just walk. I'm talking about I'm in my garage walking out and people will just walk up in the yard, walk up in the garage, don't care. I thought that was you. What you mean, You know, you, you're a good dude man.


You know, people feel that you're approachable. Don't worry about I am approachable. I got a, they work, they constructing fence right now. I got a guy get a fence building encasing the whole property. Maybe I can't just walk up in pee. Oh, come on now. You gotta be accessible man. You gotta be a people's person, you know. No, bro. And invite, invite To pee. You gotta do like they used to do back in the days. You know, you meet your neighbor. No. You invite Your neighbors in for pee. No sit a cup coffee. It's a different, it's a different time now Ocho it's a different time. It ain't like it was when you and I grew up. It's different. Wait, listen. Your Neighbor, you gotta move. You gotta move different. But you live in a, you live in an area where you ain't gotta worry about that.


No I don't bro. I ain't trusting nobody. So If I walked in your driveway, you're not gonna trust me. No. Well first of all, you better hurry up 'cause the fence gonna be done in a couple of weeks. The gate gonna be up in a couple of weeks. I'm not, I'm not even tripping 'cause I'll hop the gate. I'm not tripping. Don't worry about it. Hey, you definitely be hopping. I promise you'll be hopping. You definitely will be hopping. I promise you. There. Are you gonna shoot at me? Oh, You know, you, you be, you be hopping ocho another day, another Twitter to break a ninja sent me $20 and told me to go shopping.


I must be finna order a Shine card or something. Child. I don't know what the f I'm gonna do with that. What? 200 enough to go shopping, don't you? 200. Yeah. Hey, you know how many, you know how many outfits a woman can get with $200 on Shine, on Fashion Nova, if you can dress you the key words, do you know how many outfits you can get on Shine A Fashion Nova for $200 If you can dress, all you need is a pair of heels. All you need is a pair of heels and a person a clutch. That's it. That's it For women that don't take much, you don't have to have on a designer, you don't have to have nice pound dollar outfit. If you know how to piece things together, an outfit with $200 from Shine and Fashion Nova, you could kill 'em.


You can Kill them. I, I've seen, I've seen women do it. Okay, here's the piece they wanna put, they want you to send $500, 500 to a thousand for shoes. They want you to send another 500 to a thousand for their hair. They want you to send another two 50 for they nails and they want you to put another five, another 2000 for the outfit. That's the piecing together. They want you to do. Certain women need to be self, you know, self-aware, self-awareness is very important. Unc, you need to be self-aware. All you really that girl to be able attract those type of men that are doing those type of things. If you know you're not like, why even think about it. Why even think about it? You know, look, look in the mirror. Be honest with yourself. What does She Am? Hey, how y'all say that?


What is it she in Shine, shine, shine. Is She, is she? Oh yeah, she, listen, am I really gonna track the kind of man that's gonna change my lifestyle with one check? Am I gonna attract one of those men that can change my life at the drop of a hat? You know, probably not. It's a very small percentage of women that are going to meet those type of individuals. So get that off your head. It's okay. $200 is enough. It's enough to get what you need to do. It's enough. Unc I'm telling you I didn't see, I done seen women at $5 dresses with heels and a clutch look like a million dollars. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I don't, you right. I don't know. Yeah. I I don't, I don't know anything about no shopping where women shopping at.


I Do what that what did they what they what that what that thing. Oh damn. I do What what they buy, what do women buy the shoes at? I mean, depends. What, what shoe you talking about? No, what we got. There's, there's a web, there's a site hold. It's so many Sophia Webster, YL No it's hold. It's like when you, if you can't find it, if you can't find it, hold on. What they say back there Talking about Zappos? What's that? What's Zappos? I guess that's where you buy stuff from. Okay.


What's that net Netta porter. Y'all ever heard Netta Porter, Mr. Porter? She definitely wasn't shopping there. Hey women, women gotta understand bro. Hey, $200, You know, you could do with $200 on I this, this woman couldn't do anything with it. That you Dress a sight mark. Oh man, I know man. Get off here. Ain't bought nothing, shit. Hey man, look, y'all got me looking good and I ain't bought, I ain't bought, I ain't bought anything.


I ain't ordered enough, enough. Nowhere in. Only thing my credit card did is, is, is pay for food. I can't, I've, I don't, I don't, I don't think I've ever used my, I've never used my, she never used the credit card, but I've never ordered anything offline. Right. Well I don't, I don't, but listen, I don't play, but I've been ordering offline. Especially on Instagrams. You know, you sometimes, you know, scrolling through the explore page, you come across some of those really dope sites that sell Yeah. That, that sell clothes. Yeah. And most of the time the UK too. Hey there, there's a, there's a line called UNC that I really, I I really enjoy this brand called St. Perry. Oh. You know, you price the price, the price point ain't crazy. You know, real, real nice, you know, casual looking stuff. Man, you, you gotta start going online.


Hey, let, let me shop for you. Lemme be your personal Shopper. No, I'm good. I got Shelly for that. Okay. Okay. So you trying to say you think Shelly had the same vision when it comes to fashion as me? No. Okay, okay. Okay. But Let me, let me style you one time. Let do this one time. That's, that's what I do. You know, this year 2025, I'm Mr. Put that shit on. Oh, damnit, I've been doing good. All show. My bad. You been Doing good. You been doing better. Yeah, No, I, yeah. Let me get off your, I I ain't, I ain't order because ain't like, ain't like I could order something. Hey Man, man, you need to learn how to do stuff for yourself.


Why? If I learn how to do stuff for myself, I'm put somebody outta work. That's a good one. I like that. That's a good one. I Gotta, I gotta, you know, That's a good one. Alright Ocho, it's time. Oh wait, Wait. Before, before we go, before we go, before we go and this, this is for the ladies in the chat. You have to understand even with $200, you know, please understand you don't, you don't have to be outlandish with what you put on it. It's, it's, it's not, it's not, it's not on you. It's in you. You know, you can have a $5 outfit. All you need is some heels. Don't let the heels wear you, you wear the heels. There's a difference. Understand where I'm coming from. Especially when it comes to that. You know, you see too many women out here with nice heels on and the heels are wearing them instead of the other way around. Nice clutch, nice purse.


You ain't gotta do much fat a outfit. It's all in the wall. I ain't got nothing. Look, I said I ain't ain't no sense in me lying. No. Hey, she can handle that. She do. She just order stuff. Hey, I tried on if I, if I, if it, if it, if I like it, I keep it. If not she send it back. I'm not Finn to go, I'm not finna go into no store and try stuff on. I ain't got no patience, ain't no sense in me lying because hey, she's like, she set time at time say, okay, tomorrow we got 20 minutes, we gonna do X, y and z. Other than that, I ain't doing nothing. I just don't have the patience Ocho I don't, yeah. So I'm, I ain't Gonna hold you.


I'm, I'm with, I'm with you mean you're right. I think you don't have the patience as well, obviously Unc because you really can't wear off the rack too. No, you can't wear off the rack. I could wear off the rack now. I could wear off the rack. I can go anywhere, grab something, get my sides out. I get a tail in fit to fit me the right way. So. Right. Make small corrections to it. But I understand, I understand your frustrations though. Yeah. I'm just like, nah, I'm good.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth. Kurt, you don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five dirt, four page Is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, It's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. You was like, do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You Forgot to say Woman Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather, McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


All right, Ocho, it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Yeah, we finished already. I was feeling good tonight. Time moving. Time moving. Shout out to all my, my Bahamian follows. I know y'all probably watching tonight. Appreciate y'all. Dr. Frank l Bellamy. Hey fam up. Huge congratulations on your NAACP awards, your hard worker dedication are truly inspiring. Hey, what? I'm so proud of you. Thanks Doc. I greatly, greatly appreciate that. And I want y'all to what you call lock the door too. Where y'all go out. I'm going upstairs.


I believe y'all. I y'all. Okay. We shall come out that rule. Tony Moore said, Hey guys, congratulations. The well deserved award. I recently saw a clip of your brother Sterling with straps attached to the back of his helmet and shoulder pass. What's the story? He had a habit of dropping his head and so he didn't wanna drop his head. So the straps kept him from dipping his head too low. So that's what the straps on the back of his helmet, they're attached to his shoulder pads, bass on the back of his helmet. And so that's why, that's why he had that, that apparatus concocted. So it would prevent him from dipping his head.


Ty said, what's up un ocho. Which quarterback would y'all select first in the draft Cab Ward or Shado Sanders? It depends on the team. It depends on the team. Both quarterbacks are different. You know, they both offer you two different styles of play. Obviously they, they both throw the ball, but it depends on the team. It really does. They really totally different. Cam is a little bit more mobile, probably have a little bit more live arm. Shado is more accurate. Probably a little better. The pocket he performs probably a little better inside the pocket Ocho with the subtle movements. He's not gonna run away from anybody. He has a prototypical drop back. Passer.


Passer. Yes sir. That's what he is. He's a prototypical drop back Passer. Very well coached. Been a quarterback his whole life. As I'm sure Cam has. I'm not, I'm sure he's played in no other positions other than quarterbacks. And so it all depends on the type of offense that you're gonna run. Does it require a little bit more mobility? Well if it does, you're probably gonna go with Cam Ward. If it doesn't, you're probably gonna go with your door. Kevin, your aunt, do you have any stories about the Cab parade and let everyone know how crazy the city was that day. The goat James brought it home. Man, I remember being on first tape back then and I told, I remember telling Skip that.


Hey, undisputed. No, it was Skip. No, remember when they won? I was on First Take. Skip was still there. They beat the Warriors. They beat the, yeah, that was before Undisputed. And I told him I'm going to parade. He's like, they're gonna, I said, they're gonna come back. I said go James got this. Go. James got this thing in the bag. Yeah. And I remember and I was like, man, I wasn't gonna go. And then Oak Charles Oakley called me Oakman man, Oak been cool for about 30 plus. He said, man, you say you going to come. He said, Hey, I already got passes, blah blah blah man, just catch a fight. I pick you up at the airport. And I called him and said, Hey Oak, I'm on the way.


He picked me up from the airport, went to the parade, you know, da love LeBron Jr. Kyrie man, it was amazing. Got back on the plane, went home, man. It was dope. It was, that was a, that was great man. I could just, you know, I can imagine Cleveland having struggled looking for a championship. I don't think they had won a championship since 57. And here they are in the situation and they down three one, no one has ever come from NBA finals after being down three one. And they did it against a historically great team. A team that they won went 73 and nine, had only lost nine games that year and had the first unanimous MVP.


That's crazy. Oh, don't let Stephen a off the hook on first Take tomorrow. All I know is the Lakers got killed. Start of the show with him. Get it? Oh yeah, I got it. Oh, I knew they not gonna beat the Lakers. Who think they gonna, who think they gonna beat the Nuggets? I don't. You sure about that? Did you see show? Are you sure about Gold James? Because the last game he dropped 40 on Portland. Everybody say, oh that ain't nobody but Portland. I ain't seen nobody say nothing about what they did to the, the Nuggets. What'd he drop? What'd he drop today on about 30? Nah, Luca had, Luca had 32, he had 25.


Officer Reeds had 23 and Ru had 21. So just, just that fast. His last game, he had 14 and he come back tonight. No, no. He had 40. No, I'm talking about, I'm talking about Luca. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He had 14. Now this is his game. Just that fast. He done snapped back. Back in the rhythm. Yep. Nah, y'all didn't say one game when they lost to the Hornets. You didn't say it's one game. Nah, I've noticed when they lose, they lost. He would've did this. Kobe would've never lost to this team or Joy would've never lost to this team. Now they beat the nuggets is one game. It's never one game When he lose, it's always one game when he wins.


Yeah. Anything IVL Lancaster, what's good Uncle Ocho, who's in the, who's been the foremost influential players in NFL history, your opinion also, if Joe Burr requested a trade in the future, where could you see him going? Lt, from a defensive perspective, time. Jerry, from a receiver perspective, for me it'll be Lt time. Jerry the third, the fourth Gotta be a quarterback.


Ocho you gotta still go somebody way back when that started throwing the football. Yeah, Because LT made two position famous, the rush linebacker and the left tackle. So you had to be him and then everybody wanted to go get locked down, you know, cover corner time. Who you like Johnny? Us. It's pretty simple. Hey listen, I'm, I'm, I'm going with LT as well. Obviously Prime sets the bar high as far as the DV position and Jerry Rice is the standard.


He always has been the standard. And for the quarterback, for me the most influential. I mean, Brady is a little too recent. Yes. So I'd probably go, probably go Joe Montana maybe. And that might be almost a little too recent. Probably go Johnny, US or somebody like that. Probably, probably Johnny, maybe Broadway, Joe, I, I, I don't know. Frank Tank 9 21. Hey Elk and Ocho, when watching football games live, what are some of the keys you look for to understand the offense? Defense is trying to do get details as you can for us, it's kind of now they give us a wide look.


I can tell. Okay. Okay. You in, you know, two by one, three by one or You know, you in an empty set. You in a zone, You know, you in a i you in an offset. You know what I'm saying? Don't yo defense. Yeah. I mean, I'm trying to look at it. Okay. They're in a nickel defense, they're in dime defense. I'm trying to look at, I'm trying to get words to safety or then single high safety, then cover two, then two man, you know, then quarters. Because that'll give you an idea of how, what they're trying to, how what they're, how they're gonna try to attack it. Now obviously, I'm trying to hold on to the last possible second because I don't want the quarterback to get as much too much information.


So I'm trying to hold it to safety. You know, they're playing around ocho, they rocking and rolling. I ain't, I'm finna come down. No I ain't. Yeah, here I come. Or you see guys up in the a gap, they're mugging knowing all the while they're gonna back out. But for me, I'm looking at the, I'm looking at the slot guy and I'm looking where that safety is because if that safety creeping down, that slot guy coming, because somebody gotta co gotta cover the guy that he's leaving, right? So if I see him inching down, oh he coming. I mean he looking inside and that safety back, man, get outta here. You ain't doing nothing. Ain't no way. Ain't no way that safety gonna be back in his normal depth. And you talking about coming and leave that guy.


'cause all they gonna do is raise up and throw him the ball and he gonna get a first down before the safety can get down there and get it Every time. So there, there are a lot of keys and it is really hard. I mean, you would really have to like, I would really like have to sit down and say, okay, this is what they're in offensively. They're in a trip set. They're in a bunch, they're in a stack. They're in a two by one, three by one. They're in an empty set, they're in an eye formation, they're in an offset eye. They're in a zone read. Now here's the weakness of the defense in this formation. This is where the defense is weak. They know their weak is defense. So they gotta compensate for it. So it's a lot.


That's why I don't need to sign on these people all in my ear talking, trying to tell me what I'm looking for. Desi Jones punk. I ain't gonna lie. It's kind of hard to believe people just taking your headphones outta your, your and Snap. Like, Hey, hey. I didn't, hey, that, that sounds difficult too, but that's crazy. They do bro. Well and just like they walk up in my garage, we don't work it out. They do that too. They do. They do. They do. If I'm in the gym, that's why I just steam stop wearing 'em. 'cause I don't really like to wear headphones in the gym. I just like to hear the sound move. I like to hear my, hear my breath. People just, you know, tap you on the shoulder or they take your headphones off and ask you a question.


So, but in the airport, yes, that's what they do. So hey Argan Ocho, way too many people are getting married when they don't, when they aren't done being single, the problem is getting married. The problem is the marriage. Think about it. Make a point. I don't like the point Problem is if you're a man, you gotta have, you gotta have your thing, you gotta have your dingling under control. Same thing been happening. If, if you're a woman, you gotta have your, your hoohaw gotta be cooled down.


It ain't complicated. Damn. It's easier said than done. Huh? He did. Well, okay. James Coleman. Why is he mad at Steve Smith? That man's wife threw it at him and Steve did what a receiver does best. He caught it. Look man, you hurt. You're not thinking straight. You call you post stuff. That's, that's the way, that's the way people do stuff now. Yeah. Way back then, before they had no media. I mean, sure guys called guys, fronted guys, guys hurt other guys.


But now it's all about trying to embarrass somebody trying to put your business out there on social media. You look bad. Yeah. You outta Smitty, but you look bad, you look worse. And he might have, he might face some legal action, but doing some things he shouldn't have done as far as posting, posting screenshots, posting text messages, hacking the email. I'm not, I'm not sure what the rules might be wherever they're from, just in general. But he might be facing some legal action. Yeah. If you would. Because you know, in Texas it's illegal to go into your spouse phone without a permission or hi her or his permission. So if you go in somebody's phone, that's a, that's a fight. That's a, that's a crime.


Yeah. Shouldn't be universal. Dexter Jones says, I ocho we love to hear demon time stories. Can we get one of the Ocho Florida boys demon time story with respect, Terrell? Nah. Yeah. They tried, he tried to get back together. Let the man live, man. We'll, we'll get it. You know, we gonna have some stories. Yeah. I got, I got some good ones, boy, I got some boy, listen. What? Well, I got about 30 years. I Say my story, I ain't telling no more stories. I'm mine. Hey. Yeah. Whoever just asked that question. Boy, I got 25 years of experience. Well, on the other side of that spectrum, you hear me? I got some good ones. Boy, I'm talking about some good ones. Which is wise. My mentality is the way it is.


'cause I done been on the other side and I know, I know what it look like. I know how I know what a play is. You, you feel me? I know what the play is. That's why I don't really let that, you know, now I'm on the, on the, on the up end of the spectrum, you know? So I already know. Boom. Okay. That's what it is. I respect it and I move accordingly. You feel me? I'm trying, I'm saying, I'm saying a little, but I gonna pick it up. Some people not gonna understand what I'm talking about. But you know what it is. Andy p bodybuilder said, Hey, do you think sport like bodybuilder could ever be mainstream like it used to be or not because of open PD usage? Nah, I don't think bodybuilder was ever mainstream because it's, you know, people look at it and they feel they, they, they see they're artificially enhanced.


And see that's why people get so upset when a, when professional athletes, football, baseball, basketball players. Now it's not to say now you know, baseball, you know, people don't look at it, don't look as down on it like they do baseball. Basketball players don't really use peds. I'm not to the extent of like football and baseball players. Especially the baseball players. OCHO in, you know, the nineties. Yeah. And early two thousands when you know, no, I don't think bodybuilding ever be. It's a niche sport. I love it. I used to go to the shows all the time. The Olympia, the Arnold went to Ironman, Chicago, Atlanta. I mean, me and my brother used to go to a lot of the shows.


I used to go to all the shows, the Nationals, the MPCs. But no, I don't think it'll ever be mainstream. Like football, baseball, basketball, tennis, soccer. No. Yeah, much love. K Hey Shannon. Hey Shannon. Watching, huh? Nola was, was live. Can't wait for the next tour to start. Shannon, you ever consider DA seriously dating a nurse? All we wanted. A foot massage, new scrubs and occasional vacation. Asking for a freak. I mean a friend. Damn. What's really going on? Don't Joe, You shooting that shot, huh? Huh? Yeah, you know. Hey, hey. Act, act like you. The who Let in now Them nurses man, them nurses be on demon time.


Hey, Educated. She just, she done pulled up on you like Steph Curry boy. Yeah. From distance. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Get the number sis senior, your number. Send him at Theon. It's assertive. Aggressive. Yeah, I like that. I like that. I like see that's the kind in front of everybody. Be right. Yeah. Yes. Somebody ask, are we coming out with a special version of LaPorte for Nightcap? No, but we're coming out with a special version of, of La Poitier, a very, very premium brand. A blend. Excuse me. That's what our last year we was over in, in, in Bordeaux, in in Con. That's what my partners and I were doing. We were over there blending and we think we got a formula that's gonna be really, really good.


We like the taste. We let it sit for about three to four months. And so yes, I think we got something special on our hand. Obviously you wanted to, yeah, you wanted to taste good, but hopefully we could have win some awards like we did with the first one. But the most important thing for us is, is taste.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Make sure you subscribe to, please make sure you subscribe and hit the like button. 'cause y'all know me, I'm your favorite. That guy. The Liberty City legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. We thank you for your support and your continued support because without you, there could be no us. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. What better way to celebrate 2025 and all the great things that's gonna happen for you and to you than with a bottle of shade by La Poitier. Now, if you can't find a bottle in a city or a state near you, order it.


We'll ship it directly to your door. Please, please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page of all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just dropped our Nightcap and Chill collection this month, as well as restocked Super Bowl shirts and shirts, super Bowl show shirts, hoodies, hats drop tomorrow. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. This is one of the shirts That, that I don't have yet. You do. The link is Pen at the top of the chat. Supplies of Liberty. Once they're gone, they're gone.


Thank you to the NAACP Image Awards for having me last night. Thank you guys. BET, you did an unbel unbelievable job putting it on the Image Awards. It was great to see people look like me supporting one another, rooting, cheering for one another. And I wanna thank you. A special thanks guys. We won club. She, she won Best Podcast, society and Culture, but it was because of you, the fans that made that possible. So thank you again from the bottom of my heart. Shehe Media, CJ and his team over there at Pink Deer did an unbelievable job.


My partners, The Volume. Thank you guys. I appreciate all the support that you've given me these two years. It's been amazing. So, but I thank you guys, the fans, because you guys made this possible. You made that award possible. So thank you very much. Again. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm up, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow. Ranana The Volume.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments and the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. So You might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes, that's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast. It's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner Of iHeart Women's Sports.