
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there. Force firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse spring and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen Report, The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bengals Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And we have a very special guest joining us tonight from Grand Valley State. Four time Pro Bowl, pro bowler Baltimore, Raven, new England Patriots, Atlanta Falcons. He's a currently a free agent. Matthew, Judah and Matt, thank you for joining us, bro. We'll get to you in just a second. Yes, sorry. Appreciate it. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys for your support and your continued support because thanks to you, Ocho and I are able to do what we do. Nightcap all the awards that we've won, all the awards that we've been nominated for is because of your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth. And we can't personally thank you enough. So thank you again for your support and your continued support. Please make sure you go check out Shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock tonight. And if you're in Atlanta, go by and trek out. Sears Suckers and Sundresses. We have a booth there. My team is there and you'll get an opportunity to sample it if you're in Atlanta. The Sears sucker and Sundress event is going on right now and I think they have something going on again tomorrow. But if you can't find shade by La Porter in a city or a state near you, order it online.


But best believe we are coming to a city in a state near you in the very near future. It is the best tasting premium VSOP cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it, try it for yourself. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go, go follow my media company page on all of his platform. Shehe Media, Shehe Media, and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. As I mentioned at the top of the show, we have Matthew Judon joining us tonight.


Matthew, as I spoke at the top that you are free currently a free agent right now. So what is the, what are the next steps? What is, what is in the future for Matthew? Judah coming To Cincinnati, but go ahead. Well, sure. If I came to Cincinnati, man, what they going to do? They gotta, they gotta get Trey right, don't they? Yeah. Hey. Yeah. So, but right now I'm, I'm chilling. You know how the, You know how the league go. Not for long, You know, I have fun. And so right now I'm just chilling. So if I, if I get a call, I'm working out, I'm doing everything I need to do to be in shape and ready for a camp or a call at any day.


But, You know, it, it a lot, a lot of stuff not up to me. So I'm doing what I can do. Well, let, listen, I go ahead. Don't, Joe. Oh no, I'm gonna say, listen, I, I done watch you over the years. I know what you can do. The product on itself, your resume speaks for itself. You're gonna get that call most of the time. When you, when you are at this point in your career and, and you are waiting, do you have a preferred destination or would you, would you, would you just wanna play football or do you, would you rather go to a contender? I, after last year, I just wanna play football, You know, I just wanna, wanna just get back out there and be able to be me, do me. And so, You know, keep, keep going forward, rushing the pastor, things like that.


But, You know, everybody always got a preferred destination. When you kind of get at this stage in your life, You know, you wanna win games, you don't want to just go out there to compete. You know, I'm not really building a resume no more. I'm trying to win a championship. I want to, I wanna compete at the highest level. You think about it, Matthew, or like you said, you're waiting for that call, but what if that, how long are you willing to wait? Are you willing to go a couple of games a week, a month into the season before you receive that call somebody get injured? Obviously if somebody gets dinged or Nick in training camp, that call might come sooner than later, but how long are you willing to wait for that call?


You know, you, you just, you just wait. You know, I, I'm not retired. I don't feel like I'm gonna retire anytime soon. So right now I'm just waiting. So if it's, if it is, You know, week 15, weeks 16 of the season, You know, yeah, I'll be ready. I'm always gonna work out, You know, I'm always going. I'll find me something to do different every year. So right now I'm, I'm big into Pilates and then I, I got a roll bike that'll be riding. So it, I'm never going to be not in shape, but You know how it is with football, You know, you gotta Football shape and be in the shape of something entirely different. You know, you gotta get your body conditioned to take it, hits, get back up the bruising.


So, You know, I, I won't never get that condition. You only can get it in football, so. Right. I mean, whenever, whenever they call, I'm gonna be ready whenever. Hey, You know, one of the things that I always like and I always find interesting is asking players that are not towards the end of their career, but, but obviously in a situations like this where you're actually waiting on the call to come and do you have any other passions or hobbies that you are really enthusiastic about that? If I'm just saying, hypothetically speaking, if that call doesn't come, You know what, finally I can go into that second stage of life and focus on whatever said, hobby or dream it is yours outside of fo Oh, You know, I really, like I said, I, I really stayed working out kind of mostly through my whole career.


Yeah. And, and I never wanted to be gone for too long. 'cause I'd be like, I'm always thinking like I gotta be ready in shape, but if I don't, if I don't get that call and You know, it ain't, it ain't for me. It's not rent a cars, I'm gonna travel. I'm getting up out the, I'm getting about the us I'm going to, I'm going to see some different things. This, earlier this summer I went to South Africa. Mm. Okay. So how was that man? It was nice. It was beautiful. And You know, I'm a, I'm into nature and hiked, so we hiked me and one of my best friends from high school, we hiked cable top mountain.


And so, You know, I'm, I'm gonna start doing that and I gonna start doing that's, yeah. And then did you, did, Did you go on a safari? Did you go to the Vaga Mountains? I mean, did you do anything like see anything, see the big five? So, so I got a, I got a video. Alright. Okay. And, and the, the safari man was kind of, he was playing, but I got a video and he talking about the elephants as they walking in. 'cause we was on a little reserve where they keep the elephants in closed, but they free it is huge. And the elephant walking right towards me, I'm talking about if this man don't move the vehicle, I'm about to get stepped on. And so we, we just right there and he not the vehicle off.


He not moving the vehicle. And at the last minute, like he turned it on and moved, but I got a vi I got a video. Like I had to get up outta there. Like I'm, I'm running from an elephant, I'm about to get stepped on. But, You know, just, just seeing, just seeing that type of stuff and it's up close in person. Yeah. Man. Like the world. Beautiful. It said the nature, all that stuff. And so I, I would like to do that more. And then y'all got four kids, so just traveling with them Yeah. To see, to see those animals in their natural habitat. Not only enclosure like at the zoo, but to see them in their natural habitat and to see how they interact with the other animals.


Obviously it's a pre it's a, it's a prey and a predator environment. Exactly. It's all about survival. Exactly. That's all it's about 'em, the Serengeti. Yeah. Lemme ask you this, Matt. You have a very, look, you started out with the Ravens, then you go to the Patriots and then you go to Atlanta. If you don't mind share because you, I mean, not a whole lot of people get an opportunity to play for the Raven, You know, play for Ravens and the Patriots. And we know how, You know, a lot of times it came down to in the playoffs Yeah. They kicked the Patriots outta the playoffs. Patriots kicked the Ravens outta the playoffs. Yeah. And they end up in, in, in, in Atlanta. Can you give a little insight to the differences in, in the culture and, and and and what's going on?


Like say from Baltimore to New England and then Atlanta when you had Raheem? Yeah, man, I mean I think, I think I was blessed to play with like three different great coaches and they all different in they own ways. And I think the more lax and down to earth coach was a rock and Okay. You know, I felt like I was able to talk to him and connect with him on a different level. 'cause I'm, I'm a veteran in this, in this and kind of just how, how we talk and how we talk as men.


And so that was, that was different. But going to the Patriot's locker room and playing alongside Devin and Hightower and You know, Calvin and, and Jamie Collins and, and just people like that. You know, I, I didn't get the Tom I saw I was in the post Tom Brady era. Right. But you see how those, those kind of players that played with him or played in that re regime, how they worked ethic was different than so many other people. And not saying that I ain't play with like, good players at Baltimore, but just those type of players, I learned a lot a lot from them.


And then I also learned a lot from like Matt Slater. I don't know if y'all ever slate got man, if Matt Slate was there. Slate was there when I was there. Man. Slate, slate, slate been there. He, he a cornerstone of that franchise and people like that. And how, how they prepare, how they work and how they keep their bodies right. They, they there from almost before the sunrise until the sun is set and then, and then when you see 'em with their families. And so it was, it was just amazing to see something like that. And, and I know that the younger players that came through there, they learned so much from Bill, but they learned so much more from the culture of the locker room and how the locker room was ran and how, and how like the building have to keep the ship tight because everybody else in front of you was, and but then, and then playing with under Bill Belichick, it's like, You know, he, he kept, he kept young, he kept young coaches around him because he know, I think he knew that he wasn't never gonna connect with the players like the younger coaches, but, but him just as like, getting in front of the meeting and just kind of his mannerisms and, and You know, his kind of jokes and, and how he was and his knowledge of, I, I mean I think, I think he know everything about everything.


Like you, you asked, you asked him about, I mean, he might know, he, he know a little more about the game than we do, like the girls than we do. He pull, he pull in whatever he want. So, so, so Bill like, like he, he know everything about everything and he, and on Monday he gonna tell you how the game go. He, how the, how the game gonna go for Sunday. And then he going, he gonna strip it out all week and then, and then, You know, after win lose or draw, he gonna have the same mentality. So I really respected that from him. And then the Ravens like I was a baby.


I was, You know, I got, I got trained, I got trained by Terrell's, You know, You know, I, I got to, I got to play with Steve Smith, Mike Wallace Crabtree, You know, some guys that, You know, I, I just watched growing up, watched getting into the game. I got to, I got to play with little Darius Webb. And then I still, I still got friends, like, like true genuine friends. We talk every day from, from that, that team. And so, wow. So it, it, it was just different. It was just different. It's different at different stages of my career. You know, at one point in time, You know, I never made plays in the NFL then one point, and then at the next stage, the next stage, You know, You know, they like, I have to make plays, I'm getting paid, I got paid to make plays.


And then, then I went through a trading period. I got traded, You know, they traded me on my birthday too. Like, kind of crazy. But yeah, so, but I traded and then coming into a locker room, trying to, trying to see like how you fit in where they see you as in the last year of my contract. So you like, you like, shit, is y'all gonna keep me around? Pay me. But You know, it it, it was just different parts of the locker room. And then I, I think I got to play like with one of the greatest quarterbacks that's ever going, I'm gonna play Lamar. Like, I never, I never say nothing bad about a, like, like anytime I speak about him, it's gonna be highly, and, and I think he know that.


But when it, when it come down to it, I think he gonna be one of the best ever do it. Are you, oh, do you wish the situation had played out differently, the way the situation ended in New England? Do you, do you look back and said you could have done something differently, handled it differently, they could have handled it differently. What would you, if you could go back now, knowing what You know now, what would you like to re what would you like to redo? What would the redo be? What would the do-over be? I, You know, I ain't know. I ain't really no big redo p person, but I do play stuff back in my mind though. Like, okay, You know, like, like do I, do I have to say this? Like, it was, was it necessary?


But I feel like in the moment, man, we human. Like if somebody, if somebody not treat you like that, like it ain't never gonna go, it ain't never gonna go over will with me. Like, I, I gotta say something. I gotta say something. So that's just me. But I would've made sure I never left New England. I would've made sure I never left Boston. The connections in Boston, like, I don't think it's, I don't think it's no other place. Like, You know, from the, the Bruins to the Celtic to the red side. Like, like I, like I know players from Eachs team, You know, and, and we cordial.


It's, it is not like no big ups or nothing. And, and, and we cordial and just from the people down on Newberry Street to the restaurants, like when you, when you down there and you're you in it, like you, you, you, the musician, you, the, you, the, You know, the, the, the, the man, the, the man in high school like that. Like, that's how I feel. Like when you in Boston, you playing well and you are a part of New England. Like when you are a part of that, like it's not nowhere you can't go that you want, you would feel like, oh, I ain't supposed to be here.


Everything welcome and everything open. So I would, I would've made sure I never left the building.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic in a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep bound for only $3 a day, no insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broca, you hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yama. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with realtime notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk-free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only, then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


All right, let's get into this NFL news guys. The Steelers have found their starting quarterback. Aren Rogers put pen to paper on a one year deal. He signed a one year $13.65 million of passing a physical at the teen facility on Saturday. Sources told Adam Schefter the deals include 10 million guaranteed and with incentives can reach 19.5 million Ocho. Let's go to you. What do, what do you think, what do you, what are your expectations from Aren Rogers and what will he give the Steelers? Hey, listen, he, what he gives the Steelers, he give the Steelers hope. He give the Steelers organization, he give the Steelers fans, he gives him hope. You look at the a FFC North, it's dominated by Lamar Jackson, Joe Burrow.


And I'm not sure what the Cleveland situation's gonna look like, but Flaco obviously has has Inside track to start. Yeah, inside track because he's been the a FC North before being in Baltimore and, and having success in Cleveland when he, when he came in the start for Deshaun Watson when he got hurt. So Aren Rogers is better than everything that the Steelers have outside of him at the quarterback position. And that's no disrespect to them, that's no disrespect to Mason Rudolph and whoever else they have there to have at the helm. But Aren Rods, if he can show glimpses, just glimpses of what he was once in the past, I think they would be okay. They, they have enough pizzas around him, obviously. DK Metcalf, I'm not sure who the, who, the, who the running back is.


They got Austin and Austin. Austin, I third Austin, I third and I Not, and they got Robert Woods. Oh. And Robert Woods is there. He has, he has a nice support and cast around him and you need the support and cast to be on point to make his job easier because Aren Rogers is not in a position again to elevate those around him. He can need the help from those he's surrounded by. What do you Think you don what you think about this deal? You like, you like it? Oh well I, I think, I think the Steelers are like, they, they're, they get hurt from the greatness of Mike to Mike to always gonna have in contention. So they can't go and farm a quarterback from the draft.


Right. So I think this, they, I think this they best pick like there's nobody else out there. Listen, there's nobody else unless you wanna make a trade, but nobody really trading no good quarterback like that. And so if Aren Rogers can come in and complete passes and be good in the locker room and do enough, they gonna be in the playoffs again because just how Mike Thomas had that physical defense. Yeah. Always gonna have a great pass rush with, with Cam and tj. Like, so it's, it is going, it's gonna be hard for them to be bad. They just can't mess it up on offense.


The team announced that Rogers will wear the number eight. He wore the same number in New York after wearing 12 in Green Bay. Terry Bradshaw wore number 12 and though it's not officially retired, the team doesn't typically give out that number. I think Joe Green 75, I think Ernie Stouter 70. I think those, I think it's like three numbers that are officially, officially retired. But I don't think they've, they've given out like 32, whatever the number that is another number that I don't think they've given out 58, 47, like lamb male blunt. But there are certain, You know, obviously from that steel curtain era in which they won four Super Bowl in six years, some of those guys have numbers and even though they're not officially retired, no one I don't think has worn those numbers since.


But I know I think Joe Green. Yep. Franco Harris. Okay. Ernie Stouter D tackle his numbers retired 70 Joe Green, 75 Franco Harris, 32 number's not officially retired, but not reissued. Terry Bradshaw's 12. Troy Polamalu 43, Jack Lamberts 58, Jack Ham 59, Ani Dawsons 63 and number 86 Hez Ward. Well 86 retired Is not retired, but they haven't reissued it. They fifth high Left, they okay. And You know the, You know also, You know Aren Roy ate it at at New York, but You know he was ate at Cal too.


Ate at Cal, right? Yeah. Cal, he was eight. So hopefully he can get some of that, some of that, that, that cow Berkeley magic back in the system. Right. You know, to help those Steelers out because listen, if if, if he, That's a very tough division at the top. Listen. Yeah. You got the Raven and Cincinnati. Yeah. Yeah. If he doesn't play well, if he doesn't play well, You know, players get coaches fired now. Yeah. And Tom could be on the hot seat for making, obviously he had, he had him wait, he had the whole organization waiting. He's coming and obviously he signed because they got mini camp coming up very soon. Mandatory mini camp. And he wants to be a part of that, which is also a good thing. That's a good sign that lets, that lets me know that he's buying it as opposed to what he did last season out there in New York.


So that's a good thing. But I think if they have a bad season, huh? You Think, you think Mike Tomlin on hot seat? Nah. Yeah. Excuse me. Hell nah. He just signed, he just signed an extension. What That mean? That that don't matter. What that mean? They pay that all every year. Oh, they Do that. They, they listen, they they were, they was already talking about it last year, bro. The Steelers have fired. The Steelers haven't fired a coach since 69. I was born in 68. I was about to be 57. So they haven't fired a coach in 56 years, which, so okay. And you just said Juah, the man hadn't had a losing season. He he never gonna have a losing season. He, he trained him so well. They play, they play so hard for Mike Thomas, he never gonna have a losing season.


That that's enough. That's enough up. Just having, just having just, Just, I, no, You know, I don't think it's enough because he the one that said the standard is the standard. Well if the standard is getting to and competing for Super Bowl, they hadn't competed for a Super Bowl in a long time. They had nobody fought even though they made the playoffs oldest man, the Steelers aren't threat. When was the last time that someone's thought that Steelers would be a threat in the playoffs? But when they had Paul Malu, when they had Ike Taylor Man, Paul Malu retired. He in the Hall of Fame. So, so he had to wait at least five years to get into the hall. So we talking about at least at at the bare minimum five When you, you asked when that's, that's asked when, when they had to wait, when their identity was their defense. There hadn't been a serious threat since being, But but they do you mean did I mean change?


Did that mean change? We ain't, we ain't been a serious that or, or we have been so consistent that we just haven't got the right person and they haven't, they haven't had a quarterback that's theirs since being here. Whose Fault is that? Theirs Consistency. They had an opportunity they could have when they had been Berger and they thought Brent was going pay play like Tom Brady. You know, he wasn't because he'd been involved in too many crashes. He's taking too much punishment. So what you do is that what good teams do? What, what did Kansas City do? Draft a quarterback and they still had one on the roster. What did Baltimore do when they had Joe f Flaco? You were there. They drafted a quarterback.


Yeah. You see what good thing, what did Green Bay do? Draft a quarterback. What did Green Bay do with Aren Rogers draft a quarterback. You see what everybody does? You don't wait. If you wait till your car break down side the road, it's too late. You already stranded. Okay. Alright. But it is that my fault? Yeah. Yeah. He, he making a is he Making a don't think Mike got no say. Yeah. You don't think Mike got no say. If he say get us a quarterback, give us a quarterback, please get us a quarterback and they don't get us a quarterback. And how y'all gonna get mad at me? You know, you give, You give Mike all that, you give all that Mike credit say he never gonna have a, he never gonna have 'em in a losing situation. So who drafting those players The dream or Mike Tomlin? Yeah, I mean, I mean I, we don't know what go on in the war room, but you can't, you can't just say, well it is Mike Tomlin.


Mike Tomlin would won a quarterback. Matt, Matt, hold on Ocho Matthew, you mean to tell me a man that's been there damn near 20 years. He ain't got no faith. How long has GM been there? Not before. Not as long as Mike Tomlin Have. They, I ain't never heard of still find no GM or getting a new gm. You ever Heard of them? I tell you what you ever heard of them Fir a coach? Mm, Exactly. So my thing is, when you there that long, you have some say you have some say free the 53, you have some say in free agency and you da at night. How long Mike Tomlin been there? My coach Kyle retired in 2000. They won in Super Bowl in five.


He came back in six. So he retired in seven. He's been there 19 years. Yeah. You not, there's no coach that's been anywhere for 19 years that does not have say I refuse to believe that. I Don't know who the deal I No, hold on, Hold on. Ju I don't, I don't even think it's about say I'm, I'm thinking about the relationship that Ben Berger might have had with upper management with those. He had A great relationship with Mike Tomlin too. Nah, nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah nah, nah, nah. No. Because if Mike Tomlin, Mike Tomlin was the head coach. He's been in the NFL for a very long time. Yes. Mike Tomlin knows at some point I'm going to have to find your successor. At some point you look at you, you look at the landscape of the league, those that didn't do it, look what's happening now, Todd.


The do it. That's why, that's why I think the, the, the calling was above Mike Tomlin's pay grade. I disagree. I'm IIII Comment Yo. Yo A your starting quarterback, your franchise quarterback is getting paid more than the coach. Yes. Yeah. I guarantee you dumb though. Relationships might be a little stronger than the, even though the coach been there longer, he more tenured. Yeah. I think that, Well, I mean we paying this dude only 17 million a year. We paying this dude 50. We understand that Mike Tomlin had a very strong relationship. He al he's always had a very strong relationship with his star players.


Yeah, always. We know that based on the history. We know that Ben and when AB was there, and a lot of these other guys, we know how he feels about his great players. But in order to keep this from happening to you, if you do not get a bridge, if you wait till somebody burn your bridge down, how the hell do you get to the other side? Yeah. I gave you examples. Kansas City, Alex Smith was a Pro Bowl quarterback. What did they do Matt? They Went and got Joe Had won a Super Bowl. Huh? But, but when you, but when you see that, when you see that they went and got what's Buddy from Pit, they went and got Ken Kenny picket Pick Kenny Pickett, Man, stop playing.


He they got Kenny Pick And They have steal fans picketing out front. No, no, we won't go. Hell no. We, but we gotta won't go. We gotta put That on somebody. We gotta we gotta put that on somebody. When, when somebody don't turn out in the draft how you think they are not saying he's a bad player. They didn't like him for the system and they didn't like what he was doing, so they had to move on. Do you put that on the coach or do you put that on the person that selects and pays the players? I think the thing is, is that I believe there are, there are drafts that they had better quarterback options and that's the thing, you could sit back and say, You know what, next year this quarterback is good, but you have to move.


What did the Green Bay do, Jordan? What did they do with Jordan? Love? How much was they paying Aren Rogers. And they re and after he signed him, they gave him a big deal. Hold on. Why? They gave a big deal. He was pissed. Pissed off. Absolutely. And just like Brett Far was pissed off when they did what? Drafted Aren Rogers. Well, I Mean the big Yeah. Aren Rogers seen the situation play off. He said he already, he already knew what was in the card. So he said, all right, y'all not gonna play me how y'all played Brett and just move on. I can't worry about one year. I gotta worry about the next 10, 15 years. Yep. So if you just worry about one year and one guy's feelings, you'll be stuck.


All all right in those, in those, in those 19 years, in those 19 years, I mean, what they, I think the only, the only player that would've failed that far to him, which is a bad pick, was Lamar. No, it's not that You fought, you move up. Patrick Mahon, they moved up to get Patrick Mahomes. They moved, they moved up to get Jordan Love. You don't have to stay up seat. You looking at a philosopher, let somebody fall into my lap. No, if there's somebody you move up to go get him. And that's where what I said comes into play. Unc not pissing off your franchise quarterback. I think the relationship with Ben Berger and management and GM and president was much stronger than that of whatever Mike Tom might have wanted.


You think Mike Tom didn't want a quarterback when he realized, Ben, okay, you're not moving the same. Oh Ben, you can't throw the same, or You know, the velocity on the ball is not the same Mike to can see that stuff. Yeah. Stuff. He just didn't have the say so, regardless of being the coach for 19 years to go and get who he wanted. But here's the thing, you still got, you maintain that great relationship now how you looking for, because the Steelers are the, what's the standard for the Steelers? When we think of Steelers, we think of what? Ocho Championships Championship. You know the CC No, you think of defense. So you Think, you think of Steel. You Mike Town, that's his defense. That's his deal. They abandoned that. Who? Whoever Who, whoever They abandoned that.


When they got, when they got Ben Berger and they had Antonio Brown and they had Labon Bell, they been abandoned. The defense when they had the Triple Bs, they were throwing the ball. Ben Berger's got two 5,000 yard seasons. He's got four or 500 yard games. They've been abandoned that. No, Then back to that now. No, they just had, they had a, they had a explosive offense for five, six years. They had like, they had explosive offense. They always had a good wide receiver. They always had a good wide receiver. Somebody that could go, go get the ball, take the top off. They always going to have that defense. When you think still as you think hard hitting defense, You know, You know when you hear that, Hey Mama Rock, you hear that?


Don't, hey Renegade, You know that defense about to do something. You know that, You know that defenses about to do something. You know it's gonna be cold, rainy, wet. When you go in there. The grass, grass ain't worth nothing, but they defense going to have to come to play. And so if you gonna beat Distillers, you, you have to keep the ball. You have to know how to run the ball and you have to eliminate explosive plays from their offense. That's all you gotta, that that's how you beat Distillers. But When's the last time they've had explosive plays from the offense? Ben Ensberg has Bing gone abs bing gone, Avon, bell Bing gone. So when have you known the Steelers to have explosive plays consistently. And that's why, that's why George Pickens left the building.


George pick. George Pickens want to be, he wanna, he want to dance, he want to, he wanna be in an end zone. He wanna, he wanna do that. That's why George Pickens left the building. He said, I have, I need, I need to the limelight. I want, I want to see, I want to see how that feels. He want to be Jamar chase. He want, he seen, he seen what that look like in the division and he said, I can't get that here. Right. Matthew, thanks for joining us tonight, man. Best of luck. Your free agency. Come back when you, when you get something penciled in, come back and join us and let us know where you're going. All Right, I got y'all. Appreciate it. Appreciate it, bro. I Let you do. All right, my boy.


Oh, Ocho Hey. Hey. You go. Yeah. Hey, before you start, like, like real quick, real quick. I just, I just wanna say something to you. Go ahead. I'm gonna say it in code a little bit. You understand what I'm saying? Even, even, even though it's Mike, even though it's Mike, I don't think he has the pull, even though he's the head coach to override, piss off the franchise quarterback, stay with me. He Got, he got, he, I I get you what you're saying, but he got more pull than you think. Not Not. Oh yeah, I absolutely, because he's been there so long. But with that, with that centerpiece that been there that long, the Relationship, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm not saying he's got had Bill Belichick pool. No, I'm not saying he got Andy Reed type pool Bill.


He He might have, he might be next in line with when it come to pool. Right, right, right, right. I got you. I got you. We on the same page Because think about it. They went out, they got Joe Flacco who led them to a Super Bowl. Yes sir. What they gonna do? They trade back into the first round, give up next year's first round pick to get Lamar, Hey, You know you could see it. Right? You know when you see it when your player's declining. Yes. Things are the same, especially at the quarter acquisition. You can see it. The funny thing about it is how much do players or how much are they self-aware that they're declining? That It star it starts slipping. It's hard because you don't wanna believe it because you've been great for so long.


You don't want to believe it. Yeah. And so you, you lie to Ocho Lie to Yourself. You lie to yourself. Do you lie to yourself? Hey Boy, you turn that film on and be like, is that Damn boy? I said, damn, he moving slow. I'm like, oh shit, that's me. Don't I said, no man who run like they got on Tims who run it like they got Tim's on, on the field. Well that camera, that camera, that eye in the sky will embarrass you. Yes, yes. Will embarrass you. Yes. Ocho Adam Sandler to cast Derrick.


We, we ain't got, I mean we ain't got what you call them. No. Oh, you just wrote that in there. The, that wasn't in there. You just wrote this, this tweet in there. What Happened? Where, where, where, where. Wherever. Yeah. The Jordan talk. Yeah. Jordan Tuck made a good point on Twitter. Imagine moving on from George Pickens thinking the locker room distraction only to end up with Aren Rogers as your quarterback. Well, I mean a Aren Rogers is a different type of distraction. A a a different type of distraction. Now obviously, I think he's not gonna cause any problem because his least is short.


Because if you mess here, You see his backup, sorry, his lease long. Hold on, listen. Oh, you messed things up in Pittsburgh. Where's your next destination? Where's your next, You don't get home. Okay. I think about he, he didn't decide. Okay. That, that that's what I meant. You don't, you you, you have the leverage. You don't have the leverage you once had where you were sought after where you one of the best in the league. You're still living off that past resume, which is why the people wanted and waited for you to sign this late before mandatory mini camp because they don't have any other options. Right. So and at And at 20, at year 21, I mean, this is gonna be his 21st season.


How many more seasons do you think he really wanna play? He wanna subject himself getting up, studying film, studying film all day Monday, studying film all day Tuesday, watching film after practice on Wednesday, Thursday. You know, how long you think Aren Roger wants to do that? Listen, Hey, hey, when, when you see what the a FC North like ain't no teller. Well, he might be one and done after this season. Hey, that's my point. I mean, at 20, I mean you take it, first of all, once you get to a certain number of years, you take it a, I probably a quarterback. Other positions probably take it year 10. Quarterbacks probably take it year 15. Yeah. Especially the way they protect him now. So he's gotten six years past year 15. Yeah.


It ain't like he, I don't think he's tried to eclipse Tom and try to play 24. You Think you tried to play 24 seasons? I ain't, ain't no telling. Ain't no telling. Because I I obviously they will continue to sign him to one year deals if things go well. I listen, I I I mean that's a very team friendly contract. I mean 13, 13 and a half million dollars with 10 guarantee. That's nothing. Nothing, nothing. That's, that's nothing. I, I'm, listen, I I love the Steelers. I don't want them to do well. I want them to do well except when they play the Bengals. Right. I want, I want DK Metcalf, I want Calvin also third. And I want Robert Moore. They have Phenomen. Robert Woods. Robert Woods, I'm sorry, Robert Woods. They have phenomenal seasons. Like they can, I just, I just wanna see 'em do well for Mike Thomas's sake, I steal a fans.


It's always been good to me. I fucking love all of them. But when you play the Bengals, y'all get y'all ass book.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and A Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zeep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


The NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. We hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom YaMmas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom YaMmas evenings on NBC.


This message comes from green light. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Unlock smarter learning with Lenovo AI powered PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors. Head to lenovo.com and choose from multiple devices to fit your passions. If you're a gamer, you can spend less time stressing about GPUs and CPUs and more time dominating with your AI enabled smart engine, which optimizes your game performance in real time. Or maybe you're a scientist on the verge of a groundbreaking discovery and need a device with a longer battery life and AI enhanced tools to give you extra time to finish your research. Or you're a musician preparing for your biggest break and need better, faster AI tools to make digital art a breeze like creating band posters and t-shirt designs. Or you're a soon to be graduate needing to catch your recruiter's eye to land that dream job. So you need cutting edge smart tools to build your portfolio from scratch. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers, get 5% off with an education account on lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you


O Joe. We all heard what Joe Flacco's comments about being a mentor or not being a mentor. Shadu. Yeah. Yeah. Well Russell Wilson was asked about how he approaches mentorship with Giants QB room, including first Rod Draft pick, Jackson Dart. I've always viewed it as, I've always trying to be the first version of you and then you're always giving back to everyone else. I think, I think that's just not about one teammate. It's about all the teammates. It's about everybody in the building. It's about from all the way to the, from the quarterback room to the receivers to the running back. So it's like, to me it's all inclusive and that's always the approach. Russ says, I'm not just trying to mentor the quarterbacks, I'm trying to mentor receivers.


I'm trying to mentor, mentor running backs. I'm trying to be the best I, because I feel if I give to you, you're gonna give back to me and then we'll all give back to the team and then we'll succeed. You like what Russ had to say? Ken, you can't ask that man. Russ. That's the preacher. The preacher always gonna say the right thing. Huh? Okay. You can't, you can't ask, you can't ask Russ that man. You gotta ask you, you gotta ask somebody else that question. You know? Okay. What gonna say, Russ is going to always say the right thing. Russ is gonna run for office. Russ gonna run for mayor. Hell Russ can run for goddamn president. Right. And he had, he has the gift, the g he understands the position that he's in. He's been afforded another opportunity to prove himself, which I think he will do.


But in that situation he has to say that. Yes. Does he really feel that way? Absolutely not. Hell, this motherfucker's here to take my goddamn job. Yeah. He A first round pick outta My mouth. He's a first round pick. I know my lease is short. Yeah, he not to say that. Does he really feel Absolutely not as a competitor, as a football player. And the thing, and, and the thing is, Ocho look, it doesn't matter how long, You know Russ came in in 2012. Yeah. So this is year what, 14 for Russ year. 14 for Russ. Good years. Good years. So he was like, man you tried to speed up my process to get to up out the league I'm on now. That's is, I mean, mentors of man, she better you, better you better get it on your own.


Yeah. Hey, just think about, just think about that. People in the chat. People in the chat that's listening. Think about somebody coming to your job as brand new and your boss telling you to train them to take your job. That's all it is. It's, and we, it's use the word mentor as like as if what you mean? Mentor? Like come on now. They make it sound like it's a good thing when it's really not a good thing. The person is there to replace you. When you telling me to train to take my job. What Whatcha talking about? Ocho Get a man some pointers. Ocho damn. Who Tell the man how to beat man coverage. Tell the man how to go sit down in the zone. Look, look turn on the film dude. That What I do Ocho.


You gotta talk to him. He said man, hey lemme tell you what I do. This what you do Ocho. This is what I, this is what I do. Nah, ain't nah, nah, because listen, you, we don't, we don't have the same DNA we don't have the same DNA, we don't have the same quick switch fibers. So even if I do tell you what to do, you're not gonna be able to do it because our style play is different. I Just want you to tell, I just wanna say, Hey, I learned from Ocho. Nah, Well you better play. I Learned both Your, Hey listen, you better play Madden. Madden tell you how to get open on everything. Hey, remember how them guy, everybody said man, I would train with Kobe. I trained with Elijah one. You know, I just want, You know, I just wanna say I trained with, I wanna train with, I trained with Bruce Lee. Yeah. I I wanna say I trained with Bruce Lee.


Hey, and don't look nothing like you. Yeah. Everybody's gonna have their opinions. It's, it is very, I mean it all depends on the quarterback. Yeah. Because, You know, but that's the reason why if you notice starting quarterbacks, they take the knee down and everything. Yeah. They don't and, and, and they do not injury. They're gonna fight through injury because they don't want you to get a look at the backup. The last thing I want you man, you look, did you look kind of good in practice today, Ocho didn't he? Yeah. He threw with some conviction block. Nah, he can get no scout team refs, but he ain't get no refs with them. No more receivers. That ain't happening.


Damn. So I, I look it is to each his own. It is each his own. I mean everybody, there's no right, there's no wrong. As long as you're not, You know, Hey, as long as you're not giving him no faulty information, we good. Yeah. I don't really have, I don't really have no problem because this is long. 'cause I, I tried to help all the guys. I wanted to make sure if something were to happen to me, Ocho they were prepared to go in there to perform at a high level. But You know, I I, I get it from the other stand. 'cause like I said, I, I mentored all those guys and You know, Mike felt they were good enough to, to replace me. And then the same thing happened when I got got to Baltimore. They drafted Todd, Todd heat. Yeah. After we won the Super Bowl.


And I tried to, You know, do the best I could and mentor him. And they was like, well yeah, he good now. So they released me and I had to go back to, I had to go back to Denver so I don't, You know, it is what it is. You see How, see how they do you, they play, they played you. I was good. I wouldn't, I let, let's just say Ocho, I wasn't disappointed to go back to Denver. I got you. I got you. Alright. Joining us now from the, from the boot. Remember the hot boy bg? What'd it do? What's up? What's up? What's up? Huh? Baby man, I'm doing great, man, for joining us. Oh man. Nah man. I appreciate y'all having me, man.


How you doing man? What's up? What babe? I ain't seen Charles in Vegas in a minute, man. We ain't bumping t shirt at Yeah, at the breakfast spot in a minute, man. Yeah. At, yeah, at at GR cafe. I'm, I'm gonna be down, I'm gonna be down that way in a minute. I'm gonna be down that way in a minute. I'm gonna hit you, man. We go sit down and eat a little bit, man talk, You know, politic a little bit. I bet that, bet that be that. BJ tell us about, tell us about this album that you just dropped. Freedom of Speech. What, what's, what's in the name? Oh, freedom of Speech. Man. It, it, it just come from, You know, I just come home from doing a 12 and a half year federal sentence. Right. So, You know, when I first came home they had put a gag order on me, man. And, and pretty much silenced me and, and told me they didn't want me doing nothing but pertaining to rap or entertainment that I could make money off of.


You know what I mean? So damn. I had to go through that and, and, and go back to court and fight it and, and go in front the judge and You know what I mean? It, it just was a lot, man, that I had to go through just to be able to rap again, man. And I just felt like, You know, they was parading on my first amendment, man. They absolutely, they absolutely were. So you say you just came home, you did a 12 year bid going, you're in there. I mean, people know who you are. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm thinking that you're in Gpop. You're not in solitary. And so now everybody knows who you are. What, what's, tell me what, what's, what's in the mind?


Because think about it. B you had it all bro. You, I mean, you was, you was on top of the world and now the, a lot of the things that you probably took for granted, you like, damn, Nah, that's a fuck. It's, it's, it's, it's many nights, man that, You know, I was in that cell when the lights went out and shed the tear too. Like, man, how the fuck put myself in this situation, man? You know what I mean? Yeah. But You know, it is what it is, man. At the end of the day, You know, I understood, I I I wasn't no angel. Right. And, You know, I, I had to, I had to take my lick and, and, and accept what came with it, man. They was trying to let me out and like, You know, two, three years. But they wanted me to take some of my homies down with me, man.


And, You know, I ain't grew up like that. That ain't in my heart. You know what I'm saying? Right. So it was like, I gotta stand on what's real and, and, and take it on the chin. You know what I mean? So, You know, I I took my lick and roll, man. Yeah. Hey, listen, hey listen. B listen, being, being, being behind that ball, man, 11, 12 years, man, it can change anybody. I just got a, a young bull down here in Miami. He just came home from doing 17. I said, I asked him, You know, personally when he got out. I said, well, what it what it feel like to do 17. He said they gave me too much time to think. Nah, that's a fact, man. He Said they gave, they gave me too much time to think. So for you doing that 11, 12, what habits and how has your mindset changed differently now as opposed to how it was when you went in?


I mean, You know, when I, when I went in, I was, You know, young Wow. Reckless, You know what I mean? Yeah. So, You know, it, it gave me a chance to really, like, he was saying like a appreciate, You know, that this, this, this, this thing called hip hop man, that, that, that, that changed my life. You know what I'm saying? Changed the people lives around me, You know what I'm saying? Like, put my family first, like, You know, put my career first, put go, You know what I mean? Like, just, just, just focus man. Like I'm a prime example when keeping it real goes wrong, man. You know what I'm saying? Like, I had been, You know, made it out the hood, man. And, and not, I just don't surround myself with, You know, the same people I used to surround myself with, man.


'cause at the end of the day, you got gotta understand when you outgrew motherfuckers, man. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And that, that's, that's a hard thing too. One of the things that you just said is everybody can't go on that journey. You know, you get out in the same people again, want you to be right back in the same place that you was before you went in there. I mean, listen, Been came home. It Yeah. I'm talking about, listen man, I came home and seen some 12, 13 years ago, still doing the same shit I left from doing, man.


You know what I'm saying? And that's when I, I dunno if B can hear us seem like his, can you? Oh, I I, how did that make you not, You know, what you had went out on me. Okay. They said, look, your physical body can be in prison as long as your mind isn't in prison. Mm. How the homeboy says, look, is that when your mind is in, is incarcerated, that's when it gets difficult. That's when you get guys doing crazy stuff and they succumb to those four walls.


How did you keep your mind outside? Although your physical body was inside? I ain't even lying, bro. Like, it took me like four or five years, You know what I mean? Because when I first went in, I really couldn't see the end, You know what I mean? Like, that was a long stretch for somebody like me who was coming from the life I was coming from, the lifestyle I was coming from. And You know, they slammed me behind the wall with all these lifers and You know, dudes with 30, 40, 60, 70 years ain't never going home. You know what I mean? So them first couple of years, like I had found myself getting institutionalized, You know what I'm saying? So, You know, I started, I just started going to the law library, You know, started doing a lot of reading.


'cause I had put my pen down and everything, man. I wasn't even writing no more because I was like, man, it is old for me, man, like the game, it's hard to remain relevant in this shit for a couple of months, like a year. So I'm like, man, I'm like, man, 12 years, man. I'm like, man, I ain't going, I, I ain't believe in the beginning that I'd be able to make a comeback, man. But, You know, being a part of a, a, a clique that pretty much defined the error, You know what I'm saying? Which is that dollar sign cash, money, and all my homies, You know, remain relative then and still was doing they thing. It made that transition a little bit more easier for me. You know what I mean?


But yeah, man, I, I just, You know, the, the, the internet had started Boom, man. And You know, it it, because I ain't lying. When I went in, I was doing everything I wasn't supposed to do. Like, You know, I'm too knives, I'm, You know, I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm in there like, so it's like, You know what I mean? And, and, and you gotta get with the program, You know what I'm saying? And then by me being who I am, You know, you got to be a little bit more extra, You know what I'm saying? Because You know, nigga. Yeah. But they won't you me, Really? Yeah, man. And I wasn't gone for none of that, You know what I'm saying? So, You know, it, it took, it took a minute for me to just kind of like, You know, calm down man, and, and, and get my mind all the way, right.


And get focused and, and realize like, man, I, I got another man, so I'm a, You know, I'm a, I'm gonna tighten up, You know what I'm saying? Stay focused, read these good books and You know what I mean, get back out, shit. Try to put my life back together, man. Yeah. What was a typical, what was a typical day like for you? So you wake, what you wake up at what time you do what after that? You do what after that then what do you, what time are the lights out? What, what was a typical day like for bg? Damn, I pop up five in the morning. Bam. Yo might pop like six, make me a cup of coffee, You know what I'm saying?


Watch CNN. See, You know what I'm saying? Watch CNN with some of the old heads. See what's going on on the news, You know what I'm saying? Then ba watch some first take, then catch the wreck, yo go work out. You know what I'm saying? Come back in, You know, make something to eat, You know what I'm saying? Get on the phone, You know, jokes for a few businesses or something, You know what I'm saying? Then go back outside, You know. Oh man. You know, did, go ahead. Go ahead. Finish it out. Go ahead.


Did that. You said you head to the wreck yard. So you doing pushups, pullups, do they have a weight room? Can you lift weights or did they take, have they taken all the weights out of the facilities? Man, like they act was trying to sound, they some the out, it was pull up, dips, pushups, burpees, You know what I'm saying? Like all esthetics, man. You remember? But that shit ripped you up though. So you said when you got back, you say, You know, you, you make your coffee, you do what you gotta do. You come back and make some food.


You was making, oh you was making, so you get, get stuff from the commissary. You probably get ramen noodles, you getting honey buns. Yeah. You getting little Debbie, you getting certain things. So you actually cooking in your room. Yeah. All, All that food that was cold blooded with the cookies. So, You know, I got all the ingredients every day he need. And we whipping up in the microwave. You know that microwave, you make that shit, you think that shit came out the oven off the stove or some shit? You know what I me? Come on man. They put it down like that. Bg Man. Y'all got some mission? They got Michigan Star chefs in there, Ocho, nah. Oh yeah. They, they do. Hey, hey B I'm talking about five star chefs.


You hear me? Yeah. Hey, B, when you, when you I'm, I wanna get back to, I wanna get back to the music, right? I'm gonna get back to your music, right? When you talk about Yes sir. You know the album, the LP speech, right? And when you went to talk to the judge about your first amendment to be able to rap the way you want to, despite, You know, the conviction to, despite your past, were you able to win that so you can have your to say and rap about what you want to expect being that you lived and experienced it? Yeah. I, I, I, Yeah, I, I, 'cause that's, and that was their main thing. Like, You know, they was trying to control my content and tell me what I could and couldn't rap about. You know what I mean? And Right. You know, I just felt like, You know, that was wrong.


I made a career off, You know, doing gangster music. I ain't the first one to rap about it. I ain't gonna be the last one to rap about it. You know what I mean? NW and two live proof, You know, had this First Amendment fight 30 years ago, You know what I mean? Yeah. So I was, I was looking at it from, from that point of view. But the judge she ordered me to, before I make any, You know, raps or songs available to the public, I have to turn them over to my PO so my PO could put 'em on a record, but they don't have to approve it or nothing. But yeah, they they definitely listening though. They, they, they be listening man. That's why trying to tell these Youngs, man, be mindful, man. You heard me? 'cause them people listening man.


And they'll take them raps and turn 'em against you, man. Absolutely. Lemme ask you this. Tell the people how they can find your documentary. 'cause I, you did a documentary about your life on the outside before it started inside, and now you're back out again. How can people find your documentary? Oh, documentary. My, on my Easter documentary, You know what I'm saying? Just me, You know, basically know that I had to day back because, and they called that a violation of my probation, You know what I mean? Saying that, You know, they, like I say, saying they didn't want me throwing nothing pertaining to rap or entertainment that I could make money off of.


And I do.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and A Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day, no insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the e to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters Are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what Endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look For a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor For NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC


Unlock Smarter Learning with Lenovo AI powered PCs, powered by Intel core ultra processors. Head to lenovo.com and choose from multiple devices to fit your passions. If you're a gamer, you can spend less time stressing about GPU and CPU and more time dominating with your AI enabled smart engine, which optimizes your game performance in real time. Or maybe you're a scientist on the verge of a groundbreaking discovery and need a device with a longer battery life and AI enhanced tools to give you extra time to finish your research. Or you're a musician preparing for your biggest break and need better, faster AI tools to make digital art a breeze like creating band posters and t-shirt designs. Or you're a soon to be graduate needing to catch a recruiter's eye to land that dream job. So you need cutting edge smart tools to build your portfolio from scratch. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers, get 5% off with an education account on lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


So you wanna start a business. You might Think you need a team of people and fancy tech skills, but listen to me when I say you don't. You just need GoDaddy Arrow. I'm Walton Goggins an actor, and I like the sound of starting my own business. Walton Goggins Goggle Glasses, but I couldn't do this on my own. GoDaddy Arrow uses AI to create Everything you need to grow a business. It'll make you a unique logo, it'll create a custom website. It'll write social posts for you and even sets you up with a social media calendar. How cool is that? Well listen to this. For a limited time, you can get arrow all access for just a dollar a week for 12 weeks. We're talking all the AI power of GoDaddy Arrow plus a domain, e-commerce store payments, professional email, a unified inbox, all for less money than I spend on deep tanning lotion while sunbathing off the al Mafi coast. You know what? That sounds like a plan. Get started@godaddy.com terms apply.


So how you supposed to live, how you supposed to survive? We lost him. I'm sorry about that, guys. I mean, it was a very interesting conversation. Oh, Joe, this is what I don't get. Yeah. Okay. You say, Hey bro, you can't, you can't hang around the people and, and partake in the life that landed you here. Okay, cool. Let me go back. I'm gonna go back and get on this music thing now. You can't do that. You see, that's why the recidivism rate is so high. Yeah. First of all, you, it's hard to get hired if you have a, if you have A-A-A-A-A-A record felony anyway. Felony. Yeah, most definitely. So now people don't want to hire you. You're telling me what I can and can't do. Yeah. I ain't got no choice. Now you telling me, so what am I supposed to do?


Yeah. I mean that, that's, that's how it is. I, and I mean, obviously once you, once you're a part of the system and, and you leave that system, the system still does everything they can to control you despite, You know, still Holding whatever you did over your head. I paid my debt to society. Hit you on your video. We can hear you bg, but we can't see you. Okay. Yeah. So I that that's what I don't get. Don't you? I mean, bro, I, I pay once I pay my debt to society, I'm clear. Yeah. You're supposed, well, you're supposed to, you're supposed to be clear now you're clear depending on who you are, You know how they operate. You know how that, You know, how they operate. They, they, they move by a different set of rules. And there are some people that play by a completely d different set of rules.


And I, You know, You know what I'm talking about. Yeah. So for Sure. Other than that, man, listen, the fact that we do come out, you try to do the best you can with whatever record you have and hoping that you can get that second chance in grace in whatever it is that you do. So, I mean, if, if I'm a football player, Ocho Yeah. And I, let's just say I, I have a slip up and I do something and I get, I get sent away. Yeah. When I get out and I'm saying I'm 20, I'm 25, I'm 26, right? And I, but nah, you can't play no football. What? Yeah. Oh, that's a small example. Mr. Mr. Rugs. Well, Mr. Hey, we got B, we got BG back. Okay, bg, let's, I'm gonna start back over. Tell us about the documentary. Where can they find it and what is what, what is the documentary?


What does it entail? Oh man, I'm in a documentaries on YouTube. It's on a YouTube channel and You know, it's basically really walking you through everything that I had went through, through what led up to my incarceration, You know, what led up to me being silenced, me going back and forth to court and really just, You know, me telling my story, man. 'cause it's a generation of motherfuckers that don't even know who I am. I feel like I'm reintroducing myself to the world, You know what I'm saying? Because I was gone for so long. I got, You know, my core solid, You know, fan base that grew up with a motherfucker. But it is like, I'm just, You know what I'm saying? Trying to introduce myself to, You know, a a whole different demographic, You know what I mean?


And, and, and, and these, You know what I'm saying? These 18 to 28 year olds and You know what I'm saying? So, You know, I'm just getting into something wrong, man. Basically, You know, trying to let motherfuckers don't, don't let 'em know they ain't gotta be like me, man. Be better than me, man. You know what I'm saying? Learn from mama space, man. You know what I'm saying? Like, I've been there, done that, You know, I mean, some times you, you gotta go through it yourself. You know what I'm saying? Motherfucker, don't be more head. But that still on me. You know, I, me, I ain't gonna tell you. Right. Hey B, what's b what you think about the state of hip hop right now, man. What's what's your, what what's your thought about the state of hip hop right now? Boss man. Oh man. I mean, You know, I'm, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a hip hop fan man in a hip hop head, man.


So, You know it, man. I, I i i it's it's definitely different. Yeah. It's, it's, it's it, You know what I mean? Like, but I don't wanna sound like the old, he, You know what I'm saying, would be hating and all this and all that, You know what I'm saying? But Right, right. Yeah. It's, it's, it's really, really different man. Like, I wish, You know, I come up in an era where originality and, and, and authenticity, You know, created longevity, You know what I'm saying? Yes. And, and I don't be getting a lot of that. Right. You hear me? You know what I'm saying? Like, it is like everybody, You know, a lot of dudes be sounding us the same, You know what I'm saying? And what work for him might not work for me. Like what work for me ain't gonna work for you.


You know what I mean? So I just be wanting to hear a little bit more originality, man. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I got you. Have you heard, have you heard Weed's? New song? The new album? The Carter Six? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm riding to it now. Well, I listened to it one time. I'm, I'm giving it a second go through right now. I tell you, lemme, lemme ask you this. Gimme your top five rappers and they can be, they can be all New Orleans based. But if you, if somebody say, You know what Bg, gimme your top five live past to present. They can be all past, they can be all present, they can be dead. They can be alive. I just wanna know who you, who you think are the best five, Tupac, Scarface, Ooh, Tupac, Scarface, Lil Wayne, soldier Slim and, and Me.


I Like that. That's what I'm all about. Hey, hey, hey Unc. Hey Bg and Unc. Listen, we talk about that, talk about that Little Wing. Right? Listen, that song Maria with Clef and Andrea Ache. Yeah. Yeah. And the beat that, the beat that Manny Fresh made for being myself. Man, listen man, That's, that's, I ain't gonna lie though. That that one he got with that one he got with Big Extra plug though, man. I'm stuck on that one right quick. Yeah, I'm stuck on that one right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh man. Yeah. Like I said, I gotta listen to, 'cause You know, Wayne, You know his workplace so vicious, You know what I'm saying?


Some Shit that's gonna be over your head. It's gonna take you two, three times to listen to it for the really catch it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I got a record on this deluxe album that I'm about to drop for freedom of speech with me. Lil Wayne and Busta Rhymes. Man, that shit, that shit, that shit gonna be, yeah. It's, it's, it's one of them ones. It's, it is one of them ones. But yeah, now I'm on that six right now. Like it Who you got winning the finals? You watching, you, you, you up on, you up on sports? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm putting my money on OKC man, they blew me up the other night, You know what I'm saying? I should have took ended with the points. But I thought, I thought, I thought KC was gonna stand on business, but I'm, yeah, I'm still riding with OKC man.


I ain't, I ain't, I ain't going wear a white flag. Yeah. Hold on, hold on, hold on. We got G You, you sure? You sure you on kc? 'cause I, I got, I got the pace. You try, you trying to better little Something. Hey, I, man, listen. Hey, I ain't got that owe show money. It could be a little friendly bet. You know what I mean? Got Little friend, listen, little friend. Hundred dollars, little friend. Hundred Dollars. I don't say that we locked in. It's a Bg. He don't pay. He gonna be 5,000 right now. He don't pay. He owe me 5,900 right now. Oh yeah. Oh. So man, So lemme lemme ask you que, when you, when you were inside, did you write it?


Did you write anything when you was inside? Yeah, man, I got a couple of movies that I'm about to, I'm about to put out, man. You know what I'm saying? I got a urban novel. I started on my autobiography. Yeah, man. I was, yeah, yeah. I did a, I did, yeah. I mean, I was going dope a decade, man. You know what I'm saying? So Yeah. Yeah, man, I, I, I did a lot of writing, man. I got a lot of material, man. Lemme ask you this. Had you not been sat down for a period of time, would you have taken time to do what you did if you were on the outside? Nah, I, I mean, jail saved my life, bro. Just to be honest with you, man. You heard me, You know what I'm saying? Like, if I wouldn't have went to jail, I'd probably be dead or, or, or in jail with the longest sentence, You know what I'm saying?


Like, so, You know, I don't, I don't think I needed that much. You know what I mean? Like, Think, You know what I'm saying? Like, I probably coulda have learned my lesson about they coulda Gave you a Nicki, you could've been home and a Nick. Yeah. You feel like I probably would've learned my lesson about five shit. You know what I'm saying? But, You know. Yeah. But yeah, man, it, it, it, it saved my life. I could be honest with myself about that. Well, the boy put two pennies on a dimes. They go and pull that. Nah, for real, for real, for real. So your family, I obviously had to take a toll on your family because nobody wants to see a family member.


How did that make you feel? Because, You know, the family come see you, but damn, y'all gotta see me like this behind this like, like, like I'm in the zoo and then I, I know it's tough on them when they leave, and I know it's tough on you when they leave. Yeah. And I was, it was hard, man. Like, You know, I, I left the streets like my, my oldest son was 11 years old. I'm saying my daughter was three. I'm saying my oldest son was five. I come home, my daughter graduating high school, my other son in college, my other son, You know what I'm saying? Like, I come home, the whole man with the beard like me, You know what I'm saying? Like I'm talking about it's, it's, it's man like, but You know, it's like I had to get to know all over again.


You know, even though they walked that bedard down with me, You know what I'm saying? And You know, we, your through visit and, and, and through the phone and You know, through mail and all that. But yeah, it, it, it, it definitely wasn't easy, man. You know what I'm saying? But You know, it, it, it, it, it grow you up. It grow you up. I'd rather, I'd rather, I'd rather, I'd rather them see me, You know what I'm saying, in jail than, You know, have to come visit me in the graveyard. You know what I mean? I I I totally agree, sir. I totally agree. I totally get that. So, man, glad to have you home. Best of luck on the documentary guys. Go check the album out. Freedom of Speech.


Bgs. First thing is his first album since being out, he got a documentary, says he got a novel, he got a autobiography coming out, detailing his life. What led him to where it led him and how he turned his life around. He said he ain't going back. Nah, I'm done. You heard me? I'm done, man. I'm done that shit. Oh, he, he, he Birdman told me sin y'all his love too, man. You heard me? I hollered at him before I came on, man. He said, man, let him know, man. Send my love, man. I appreciate that, man. Thank you very much, bg. All the best. Congratulations on being home. Hey, good luck on the documentary. Good luck on the autobiography. We going owe you and I gonna check that album out. Nah, check it out, man.


Thank You'all brother. Love. I'ma see you In a minute. Love. Love. All right, Go Man. That's, that's tough Ocho. Yeah, that's tough, man. I mean the, the, the goal, like you said, you, you go away and you got kids and you gotta relearn 'em all over again, don't you? Yeah. You been, time is the one thing, time is the one thing that you can't, it's the most precious commodity that we have because it does not stop. It is what you cannot make up. Yeah. And once it's gone, it's never to be recaptured. You know? He said I got, I had A-A-A-A-A 13-year-old when I went in. I had a five, I had a 3-year-old. Yeah, bro. He done half, half their life.


Everybody grown. Now They got to relearn him. He has to relearn them, man. Yeah. That's, that's, that's crazy. Listen, I'm, I'm glad that everybody don't get a second chance. Nah, hell no. I'm glad they'd been afforded, been afforded a second chance. He'd been giving grace. And then the good thing about it, some people go in and take their ass right back because they ain't learning lesson the first time. Boy, you listen to him talk, you could tell he's sharp now. His mind different. Yeah. His mind. Same Thing I, about three weeks ago on my podcast. Yeah. He like Shannon, I knew he like, once I get out, he said, I knew I wasn't going back. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. He said I knew I wasn't going back. Yeah. But I've had home busing.


Nah. Sharp man. I ain't going back in hell. Three months later they Right back In there. They right back. They right back. Hey, sometimes it only take it, it take for it take for him to sit you down one time. Long enough. Sh Man, you can't get that time back, man. Sh man. Please Nah. Hey, and all the stuff the free you talking about, man, I can't, you ain't got nothing in there. They tell you what time to get up, what time to go to bed, where to go, when to go, how to go, what to do when you get there. Nah. Oh, Joe, Adam Sandler will cast Derrick Henry in a movie if, if he runs for another 2000 yards.


Adam Sandler sent Henry a message saying 2000 yards. Plus this year not only gets you in a movie, but I'll have a nice dinner together and talk about Dan Patrick facial hair and how hard it is for him to grow. I love you. Keep it up. Henry, one of nine players to ever produce a 2000 yard rush season. He did it in 2020. If he eclipses 2000 yards in 2025, he'll become the first player ever to record two 2000 yard seasons and could earn a cameo in a movie. Yeah. I mean, listen Yo, that there don't need to be no cameo. I need to, I need to have about 10 minutes in the movie. You need the, the whole thing. You need to be the main attraction At at least 10 minutes.


Oh, Joe, you gotta think about the NFL. The NFL is 106 hundred seven years old. Yeah. Nobody has ever done 2000 twice. Right? Yeah, man, I, I need, I I need about 10, 15 Minutes. Yeah, listen, he's he's in the right situation to do it. He's in the Yeah, for sure to do it. You know, over there with Lamar brother, Bateman brother, brother Zay flowers. Listen, if, if Bateman, He got 2000, if they listen to me early instead of put him in that offset I, and put Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well listen, they know now. They know now. Told him, man, a man shut up. You don't know what you what the man in the eye. Yeah. He said I back.


Yeah. Yeah, because he Oh, Joe, the thing is he needs to get ahead of steam. He ain't one of 'em. Quick back to jump stop. Like Saquon Saquon Jamir Gibbs can run out, can run out the offset. Montgomery could do that too. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's not, but that's not him. He's an old school. He's a, he's a Emmett Smith. He's A-A-A-A-A-A-A Bo Jackson. A Herschel Walker. He's a Eric Dickerson. He's that guy. Yeah. Put his heels at nine, tossing the ball. Yeah. Hand him the ball. But They messed they they, they bull around the first three, four games he supposed to have 2000 Could have had it.


Yeah. You know what he he, he might hit it When you gotta realize that was his first season. Now that was his first season in offense. So now he's already acclimated. He knows the plays. You know, the, they, they understand what he can and can't do. They understand his strengths. And I, I I'm crazy for even saying they understand his weaknesses as well and what not to do with him. Sh man ain't no telling what he gonna run for this. Yeah.


The volume. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say do Wells Fargo Bank, na member FDIC.


Hey, This is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic in a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the e to start losing this week. Future health weight loss Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Does friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque. Show tartar who's boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello, add some everyday yay into your life.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


This Is an iHeart podcast.