
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


And The dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors are the 2015 NBA Champions on the new limited podcast series Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's Never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. The Volume


According to Mark Stein, it is not expected the bus would choose to choose to trade Giannis without a push from him and his camp to do the importance of him to the organization. I don't think Giannis himself does not want to go to the bus and say Trade me. But there, there's no way how Dame Lilly carried a $60 million contract next year that they don't have control over the first round peak until 2031. Jesus. 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 37 years. Damn, that's tough. And they don't have a pathway to build a contender around him. They're not going to push for a trade unless he pushes the whole league is on edge waiting to see what Giannis representative go to the Bucks and say, it is time movers.


Hold an auction. Start over. I don't think the Bucks want to do that. They don't. Yeah, the two best players, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Giannis. Willa walked outta there. One won three MVPs a finals, MVP and a championship got to another. The other is a two time MVPA finals. MVP your two best players in history. Willa won it out. We'll see what y Well or Giannis. You can make the cake. They should want to do that. They should say let's go out, get the largest hall we can for Giannis. But I don't think the bucks are, we're going to, we're going to see where Giannis is, what you think Giannis should do. Because I don't see how they build a team around. I don't, Dame ain't playing next year. So let's go into, we might as well just move to 26, 27 with Dame.


What do you do Q? You the general manager, what do you do? Man, I don't see them getting up off Gianni like that report said, unless he come and say he need to get out there and want to get outta there and forcing them to get him outta there, they not gonna do anything to get him out right now. That's like if you, Milwaukee, I don't care what you do. The last thing you could do, the last thing you should do is get rid of Giannis. I don't like all of these ideas. Yo, go get this. Picked that pick. Nah, Giannis is still in his prime. Still dominant. You figure other avenues, you figure out ways to, to improve the roster around him. However you got to, I know you, like you said, you don't got no picks.


That's why they get paid the big money they got the big brains. They supposed to be smart with all the analytics and all of these numbers and all that crushing numbers. Y'all go figure something out. But like, unless he come to us and say that I want to be gone, I'm not giving up Giannis. Nope. Man, Q he he not gonna be there. He's not gonna be there. You know, Gianni, You know what you saying? I'm not saying that that's the ultimate. Oh yeah, okay, okay. Yeah, but I'm just saying if I'm, he ask me if I'm the general manager for the Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. No way. That's the, that's the, like that's, that's the death blow. That's the hit the red button. And that's because he forcing me to do it. I'm not hitting that button on my own. Killing me. I'm not saying, I'm not looking out there like, yeah, I could get these, but I don't want nothing.


I want Giannis and then I'm gonna try and work around that. If long as he say he want to be here, it's my job to go make that work and figure that out. Well there's really nothing you're gonna be able to be, be able to bring in that's gonna actually help you intent anyway. So you might as well get what you can for him. You can't, you're not gonna win a championship no time soon. I feel you have too many pieces. Got too many better off getting rid of blowing everything up and starting over with him then trying to blow everything up and go get some draft picks. But he doesn't want be there. He's frustrat. If he don't wanna be there, that's it. We ain't got no conversation. But I'm saying if he doesn't, if he doesn't tell me that he don't wanna be there, then I'm, I'm, I'm rolling with that. I'm, I'm, I'm, listen, listen. And You know, the the funny thing about it is Giannis is he's a good, he's a, a good guy.


He's not the one to be, to go up to management and be like, You know what, I don't wanna be here. Representation. We'll take care of that and they will be the bad guy. Yeah. But I know he's not happy there. I mean if representation come and said then that's the different story. Him or his representation said we gotta move on. But like Right. They they don't gimme that message. Nah, we ain't doing nothing. IQ one last one, Dame was apparently being sharped around before the injury. According to Sam Amick, the relationship between Giannis and Dame is strong as of the respect level. But the imperfection of the on court pair pairing remained in their second season together. And with the group collectively limitations growing more evident by the month. A conversation was looming about whether Lillard and the Bucks might be better off parting waves.


They ain't parting waves. Not, because ain't nobody training for a guy that's not gonna be able to play until 20 26, 27. So you stuck with him and he not gonna be able to help you. So now what do you do q that that's interesting. They just to have like that's a little interesting tidbit to come out right now. Like the timing of it is, is funny to me. But I mean, I don't know. Maybe they try and move Dame Steel this summer. Like you strange things that happen, man. I don't know man ain't trade. But how you gonna get me a car? How you gonna try to sell me a car with no mold in it? 'cause you seen the first way they tried to come out and already say like it was, it wasn't like a crazy tear or whatever. It was like, You know, the, the, the, I guess the minimum amount of, amount of damage it could be or whatever.


So I don't know man. I don't know. It's gonna, it is gonna be interesting. That mean like, like I say, unless, unless Giannis come in and say something, it's gonna be real interesting to see what goes on over there because I know the last thing they gonna do, they not coming at offering no trade for Giannis. Oh no, no, no, no. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. But see that was the most shocking thing about the Luca trade. Yeah. Luca didn't request to be traded. If we go back and study history, guys that have been moved, they wanted to be moved. Kareem wanted to be moved. Shaq wanted his money. Jerry Buss didn't want to give him his money. He was starting to age and he said No, I'm gonna move you.


So when you look at it, Luca is 25. He had just turned, he about to turn 26. He was in the league eight years. He was a five time first team all NBA selection and he got moved. So normally guys don't move guys like that. You're not moving Giannis. Unless he says come move me. You don't move kd. Unless KD says move me, you don't move with LeBron. LeBron has never, never asked to be traded. LeBron has always played out of his contract, played his contract out and then he is left. But when you get guys like that, Celtics aren't trade. Jason Tatum, unless Jason Tatum says I wanna be trading, you see Donovan Mitchell, Utah moved him. Why?


Because he said he wanted to go. Yeah. It's really that simple. Q yeah. Nightcap family. Let's give it up for Q. Thank him for joining us. Go follow him at Q Rich and his podcast at knucklehead podcast Q Man, thank you for your time. Thanks you for joining us to break down these games and talk all things basketball. Congratulations on the podcast. Keep growing, keep doing your thing. Thank you bro. Check back with us. Alright. Appreciate you gotta say one thing to you Michael. Jeffrey Jordan is the goat. I'm not gonna debate it. I'm not going argue it. Okay. What it is.


I respect you, You know James, I respect your opinion to what, what? Where's that? Oh, you hold, hold on, hold on Q before you go, hold on. I got something for you. Okay, hold on. I got something for you. Y'all know what it is. You know what it is? I go James. That's what that go James. Man listen, I got, I got James and everything back here to show you. You know who the real, You know the real goat and you wanna talk that like he got plenty. I see you on your Instagram.


You got plenty pair of these. Hey, don't worry about it. He'll be out here. He'll be back next year, get a whole year. But him and Luca goat man damn candle man. You know I just light the candle bitch talking about the goat. These is candles, You know what I'm saying? Like this, these are candles. Oh come on man. You know when you really Jordan brand family. You got, you got candles and things as such. You feel me? Oh, oh my. You do it to the queue. That's too much. Hey, hey man, listen, I got dominoes and cards and that. Hey, why you bull driving? QI got one of those too, man. You know, You know I gotta, I gotta, I gotta join cattle too. Yeah, I you need burn that thing. When you talk about that goat talk man, go on here and burn that goat cattle.


You know, you 22 gave you 24 8 and eight. Hey no, phenomenal, phenomenal. Ain't I ain't debating that all time. Great. He just ain't the goat greatest EST but we're gonna get you out on that. Hey, I ain't gonna debate that. Hey, go James, where it's at. He the greatest always will be in forever. Next year will five next. Alright. Alright. Appreciate it. Q Jay Williams says Aman is overshadowing the true contender for face of the NBA Boston Celtics Superstar.


Jason Tatum. All I'm gonna say is how many times has Jason Tatum been the Eastern Conference finals? How many times has Jason Tatum been the NBA finals brother could win multiple championships and they're just gonna give the face of the NBA to an Edwards Because he has a personality. Yes. What do you mean? IIII, it, it's hard to explain. You can't just put someone as the face of the league. There's a certain it factor. There's a certain a there's a certain energy that you have. You can't coach it, you can't teach it. It just in you ant man has that. Jason Tatum is awesome. He's a great player, great person. He's great for the league. He's great in the community. He just doesn't have that it factor that it takes to be the face of league.


Anthony, he, Anthony Edwards has it, it just, it's just, it's just enemy. It's just enemy. And he is not even trying, he just got it. Jason Tanika win 200 championships, a hundred MVPs. He doesn't have that aura. It's a certain aura. I don't, unc I don't even know how to put it into words. People in the chat and you understand what I'm talking about. Yeah. For, You know, You know what I'm talking about. He just, he just got it. You born, you born with that. You born with it. He not even trying, he just being himself and you just just got it there. There's certain people that just got it and it, it is nothing you can do about it. And it just, it it just, there Well it didn't help you be the face. You can't be the face of the NBA and the guy on your team win finals.


MVPI. How does that work? Even, even if you did win finals MVP, it still wouldn't change the fact at Anthony Edward Steel would I their their ga there is not a game that we ever questioned that Antman is the best player on their team. Right. JB challenge him. J B's been Eastern Conference player of the year. He's been NBA finals. MVP. Right. I just think the thing is is that look, that's just, it's not Yeah. I, and I don't think the NBA is pushing and, and they might be pushing but and is resisting Anne's like, man I wanna be me. I don't wanna come here and I be all dressed up. I wanna come in here with this Adidas girl that they give me dress how I dress, excuse me, cock to the side being me.


Ano another thing that makes him so much more likable. It makes him so much more relatable. Listen, I agree. Leaving the game. Leaving, leaving the game. Seven. Walking, walking to the hotel Amongst the people. Yeah, amongst people. Relatable, accessible. Oh, I'm not too good for y'all. I remember where I came from. I know how I got here, but I ain't gonna forget y'all. Relatable, accessible. No other NBA players are doing that. I I'm talking about the big boys. Right else is doing that security everywhere, You know, rolling windows up, windows tinted, not stopping for autograph.


Man. It's different and it's different. It's just, it's, I don't even, I can't even explain it. He just got it. He does golfer surprised by an emergency landing. Oh, Joe Chin got this video check. Hey, he's, hey boy. Hey, I don't know. You Think you gonna land a plane Ocho hey. Huh? You Think you gonna land a plane? Man, listen, I can lay in a plane. I ain't laying on one of them AEs. Single engine or whatever you call them assessors or whatever you call them. I don't play with them. I do not play with the monk. For some reason all the time throughout the years, those single engine planes, something always going wrong.


Something is always going wrong. I'm not sure why people continue to get in them. And I think most of the time when you, when you getting your pilot's license and you, you first start off flying. Yeah, you gotta be in one of 'em. Single engines. Yeah. Man, Uhuh. Oh no sir. Absolutely not. And I'm glad, I'm glad whoever that was was able to land it safe. 'cause once you lose control, it, it there, there's no stability. Right. Like, You know, big planes, You know your 7 27, 7 37, all of them listen, a whole engine can go out on the right side. It still remains a stability. They still remain stable no matter what. All the engine can fail. The plane itself still remains stable and you, you're able to fly and, and steer and control man, them them little planes if something go wrong.


But that's it. That's all she wrote. So I'm, I'm, I'm glad whoever that was and I'm glad they safe man. Yeah. Alright guys. Back. What the first time in a long time, it's time for Rough Draft and it's prompted by people want to know your team if you're gonna take on a silverback. Yeah. You get five guys, who are you gonna name? Ocho? So let's get the, let's see the, the graphics. Where gonna list that? Where gonna list that? Alright. Ocho you up first? All right. First person for me. I need five people. If we gonna fight, if we gonna, we gonna, we going, we gonna run with a gorilla, right? Yep.


I'm going with James Harrison just because I'm gonna beat his ass. So I'm gonna just put him with my team anyway. Okay. I'm gonna go with John Jones. Oh, that's a good one. That's a good one. Gimme, gimme Alex Pereira. Okay. I like that. I'm going Francis and Nu okay, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go with someone here. He's a boxer, but he's different. He's different. He can wrestle, he can punch. I'm going with Blood Crawford. What the, he play with the Pacers now? I think his name James Johnson. Is that his name from the heat?


Y Yeah. You at the heat? What time? Yeah, black belt. Yeah, I'm taking him. Okay, okay. Okay. Hey, I wanna, hey, I wanna fight him too. Him. Nah, yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna fight him too. Oh. But, but anyway, I, I got you ready? Yeah, I got two more. Right. You ready? Yeah, I'm ready. Aren Donald. So basically off the, the the four I've named already, the gorilla's done, the gorilla done it. And when I, when I get his, when I get his fifth name, it's a, it's a rap. It's over. Hold on. What you looking up? Why you cheating? Man, I'm looking up this what you call him.


Oh, I know it. I, I couldn't think of his name. I'm taking Mimon Lopez five times Gold Millers from Cuba. Greco Roman wrestler. That listen, ain't gonna be no wrestling, that ain't gonna help me listen. How about listen, having a background in wrestling, dealing with a gorilla that ain't finna do nothing for you. Well Don don't you worry about my squad? You worry about your squad getting punched in the face? No, no. We good. We good. My squad gonna win anyway. My fifth player is in Dominic Sue. Okay. I like that one. Yeah, I know, I know you do. And I'm sure the Chad agree with I got the better squad too. Nah, bro, trust me. Let's see. Trust me, me ask him, am IJAN Who, who can I get?


You know what? I'm gonna ride my homeboy. What? I'm gonna ride my homeboy. What the hell he gonna do? Charles Oakley. Oh, oh, oh, oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Hey, You know who talking about your gifts man, look here. Next time you have a tough guy competition. You know what, take on cop. I'm take on call. I'm gonna take Westbrook. Westbrook told me, said, man, you mean y'all be you be talking about these fighting competitions and you talking, Hey man, hey. He said, You know, hey, You know I got these hands down, You know Westbrook. What's Westbrook? Michael Westbrook. He played the receiver. Oh, he, he he was in Cincinnati when you Yes, yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, hey. Well he's a fool boy, man. What, what? Hey, where Westbrook at, man?


I just saw, I just saw him in, at Virginia at a autograph signing. Yeah. He still, he still s swollen up. He like 2 0 5. Okay, okay, okay. He still cut up? Yeah. And he got, he, Hey, that's my dog man. He was, he was in Cincinnati with me one year. Yeah. He just couldn't stay healthy big. I'm talking about Yeah. I mean, you talking about 2 10, 6 3, 2 10 run, four three could jump. Yeah. Body just, and You know he, he had a couple of fights. He fought the MMA for a little while. While he did? Yeah. Damn. Like Johnny Martin ain't know that. Yeah. Goddamn Westbrook. Man.


Man, my team gonna beat the brakes off that gorilla. No, no, no. They, no, they, no they don't. Don't lie to yourself now. You not. This is you lying to yourself and you just saw the names I put on my team and I, I guarantee the chat. Agree with me. You ain't got but one MMA fight on there. That's all I needed. Unc, did you see who else I got on there? Yeah, I got one lunatic. And then Dominic Sue, I got Aren Donald Crazy strong ass. I got Bud. Who he do any and everything. He crazy. He ain't rapping up too tight man. Man it's a wrap. It ain't a wrap but, okay.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything, goodness world stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


And the dream Season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA champions On the new limited podcast series Dub dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examine the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dove Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into the world of softball by sharing power for stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. Softball is growing fast and I'm gonna help you keep up with the speed of the game and the athletes that play it so well. You may even be able to throw out the fastest slapper if you are an old or new fan. Looking to learn more about your favorite players or coaches and hear about their journeys and processes to success. This podcast is an exciting and invaluable resource for anyone interested in the complexities of excellence on the softball diamond. Softball is a game of failure and pressure situations, but lucky for all the fabulous softball players and fans. Pressure makes diamonds and it's time to drop some bombs and diamonds. On and off the softball diamond dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an athlete's Unlimit softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's Sports and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Alright Chad, let 'em know what you think. Who won the Rough Draft? We gonna see any comments? Alright Ocho, we got it back. It's been a while since we had it. It's time for fellow Cinco. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. This is good. Harvard education. Gonna take over right now baby. Okay. The names that you're gonna be spelling is NBA is Player Edition. So these players currently play in the NBA. Okay? Okay, let's just do last. He ain't get, alright, I'm gonna give you the first one, Ocho. All right, first one. His name is Christian Brown.


Christian Brown. We doing last name right? Yeah, we're gonna do last name. I ain't gonna let you spell the first one. Oh, Christian wait. Christian Brown. Yeah. Yeah. B-R-O-W-N. I knew you were gonna say that. It's BRAN Oh no, no, B-B-R-A-U-O-B-R-A-U-N. You spelled it brown. It's B-R-A-U-N Brown. That's what I meant to say. Nah, you meant to say what you said. Okay, this next one he plays for the Indiana Pacers. His name is Pascal Siam. Pascal Siam Siam. S-I-A-K-A-M. Siam. That is correct. Ha. I know it is. And so was the first one.


You cheating me, you cheat me 'cause I'm black. The next word, the next name he plays for the Minnesota Timber Wolves. Okay. Dante Dizel. Dante Dizel. Dante Divin. D-I-V-N-E-N-D-I-V-N-N. Chin. Chin. C-H-E-N-Z-O-D-I-V-I-N-C-E-N-Z. Ozo. Damn.


The next one is Isaiah Hartenstein. Isaiah Hartenstein. He plays for the OKC Thunder. Isaiah Hartenstein. Isaiah Hartenstein Hart. H-A-R-T-E-N-S-T-E-I-N. Correct. Isaiah? Yeah. Hartenstein. Let's go boy. The next word, you have to spell the second. You don't have to spell the first, but you have to spell the middle and the last name. Okay? Okay. Okay. Gimme time. Gimme time. Take your time now. Shea Giles Alexander Shea Giles Alexander.


Wait, that spell Alexander? Right? You gotta spell Giles Alexander Gils a Gil Gris Gil. She Giles Alexander JI mean, I'm talking about J-G-I-L-G-R-E double S-G-I-L-G-E-O-U-S-A-L-E-X-A-N-D-E-R-J. What hell spell? His man will spell his name like that man. Okay. That ain't part of the, that ain't part of the English language. The next one he also play, he plays for the New York Knicks.


Okay. OG and Aob OG and Enobi and No, no, O-N-U-N-O-B-O-Y-B-E-Y-A-N-U-N-O-B-Y. Oog and Nobi. He he Nigerian. Nigeria. Sure. No, I'm a I'm I'm asking. Oh, I I'm just curious. He from Canada. But if you say that's where from, that's where he originally from. I don't know. Okay. Okay. Might be French. Maybe that's French. I don't know. Bitch.


He's British. Okay, well they got some crazy last names man. That's Maja, right? That last one. Zeke. Oh yeah. All right. Ojo. You got one, two. I got three. I got three. Right. You got two outta six. I got three, right. No you didn't. I got Brown. It's time for payback Now it's time for Dunk on Unc. I got Brown. Right? You spelled it B all in. No, I. Okay, here we go. Hey Chad. I, I, I Ya Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get ready Chad.


We got Dunk on Unc. Here we go. Football edition. It's basketball season. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Hey, plugging that a OL playing the plugging that a l You got you ready? Yes. Chat. Do not put the answers in the chat 'cause UNC is looking at it. I ain't looking. Name the five name. The five Hall of famers from the 1990 NFL draft five Hall of Famers from the 1990 NFL draft. Shannon Sharpe, Johnny Randall Cortez Kennedy Junior. Say Emmett Smith Damnit.


Fuck. Okay, okay. Okay. All right. You ready? Now That was luck. I just gave you Listen, I listen, I gave, I gave you a, a fast ball. That's not play. We outta bad little class babe. Yeah, it it was cool. It was cool. One player and two coaches are enshrined in both the CFL are enshrined in both the CFL and Hall of Fame. One player and two coaches are enshrined in both the CFL Hold on. One player and two coaches enshrined in both the CFL, the Canadian Hall of Fame and the and the, yeah, well Warren Moon.


Warren Moon is the player. Okay. Warren one player. All who? The two coaches. Man. Who coached the Canada? Oh hey, I ain't know he was Okay. Okay. Who? Warren? No, I, no, I knew Warren was but these, the, the next coaches I had coaches. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Coaches, coaches Canada. Canada. Yep. Enshrined in the CFL and NFL Hall of Fame. Damn. That's dope. I ain't know that. Yeah. Ooh joke. I'm trying to think. I gotta go back in Fame. Hold on. Coaches. Coaches. Yeah. I'm never gonna get this one because it's gotta be somebody, I'm trying to think of the coaches that's in the Hall of Fame.


I'm not gonna get it. So I give you, I give you a hint on one of 'em. What is it? He coaches with the Buffalo Bills. Oh, Marv Levy. Okay. Here's one more. Ah, man. Yeah, I help you out. You still got it wrong though, but I just had to throw that little, that little pickling just to, just to help you out. I Bills, I don't know Don Corelle. I don't know No Bud Grant. Oh, I have never got that one. Yeah, yeah. You, you, you went around with me during that time. Grant for the Minnesota vi, the purple people leaders. Yeah.


In 1992, Shannon S Sharp had two rushes for how many yards? Oh, in 1992, Shannon Elof Sharp had two rushes for how many yards? 10 negative Six. I think it is six. Yeah. I'm trying to think who I carried the ball against. Hey, they must have gave you a reverse or something. Yeah, they did that.


I knew it. I knew it. I'm trying to think who did I carry the ball against? Was it I think I carried against Philly once, man, I don't know. I don't even remember. Hey, in what year did the Clippers relocate from San Diego to Los Angeles? Officially they debuting as the La Clippers. Excuse me. Well they originally, the Clippers originally started out in Buffalo. They were the Braves then they relocated to San Diego became the Clippers. Yeah. And they relocated to la I dunno, I'm gonna take a wild guess. At 79. That is absolutely wrong. The year that the Clippers relocated to Los Angeles from San Diego was 1984.


1984 is the answer you were looking for. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We got him Chad. We got him. You ready? Yep. What matchup produced the highest combined point total of the 24 25 NBA season ringing up 299 points in an overtime thriller. You say NBA you said it was football edition. Hey, what happened to your a It's not plugged in. I would go, what's wrong with your wifi Indiana?


Ooh, that's a good one. 'cause the pacers for them, boy, what them boy, we put em some points. I don't know Indiana. I'm gonna say Indiana. Milwaukee. You know what, it's one thing about it, boy, one thing about the a OL and one thing about your wifi, that shit must be bad 'cause the answer's wrong. It's the Memphis Grizzlies and the Phoenix Suns in 2024. You got that game. 2024. 2025 NBA season. The Grizzlies and the Suns. I put up a bar, I put up a barn burner. Wait, did I use that in the right context? Yeah, it was a barn. It was a barn burner. Now I'm, I got a bonus, I got a bonus question for you. I got a bonus question for you.


Who were the halftime performers for all three of your Super Bowl victories? Even if you was in the locker room, you should know who the halftime performers. No. Hell, I shouldn't, I could, hold on. I couldn't give you the est idea. I ain't even attempt No, bro. I was locked in. I couldn't even tell you. Even if you locked in, You know, way ahead of time, who the Super Bowl halftime show gonna be? No, I ain't been in the Super Bowl in 25 years and before that it was sold 30. Yeah. So we got the 25th anniversary of the Raven Super Bowl. No, right? I have no idea. So technically you lost the night. And in 1997, the halftime performer was Jewel.


In 1998, someone who I dated briefly, Cher was 8 98, wasn't it Cher? Yes. I dated Cher briefly and the Backstreet Boys in 2000. I don't know what to tell you, but the king, the king has, has written to the top. That's the first time that, Hey, I gotta let you because you, you wanna stop laying you one, you one one to take your ball and go home. So I gotta let you win a couple of Chad. Chad, I just wanna thank y'all for support. I, I appreciate you. This is what I do. The Harvard education you teach. Hey, I love, I love y'all. He win one game. We talking about this is what we do. This what we do.


Let's go, boy. That's what I'm talking about. Alright, last segment of the evening. Now it's time for q and a. James Huggin said a hundred James Harden versus one game seven. Who wins? That's not right. Touche. James. Touche. That's a good one. JD underscore production. MVP should wait till after this matchup to be voted on. Nah. MVP is a regular season award. They have the final of MVP for the playoffs.


Nope, they're two different things. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar donated a hundred dollars and said you got Kareem Abdul-Jabbar above LeBron after this. Come on, let's be serious. No, David D. Cruz said, excited for the tour. Can't wait. Question, what rule would you erase from the NFL or NBA right now? No hesitation. Ocho Say it again. What rule would you erase from the NFL or the NBA right now? No hesitation. Fines. Fines.


No more. No. No more fines. I'm a race in. Yeah, no, no more fines. Well, that's not a rule. I, I guess You know what, don't y'all, I think I'd do away with a Franchise tag. Woo. Well that's a good one. Damn. I should have thought of that. Franchise tag, Kim Norwood Jr. Said, oh, this is why I love Sports Nuggets in seven. My question, what are you going to do? And they retired. Number 15 for the nuggets because two players have worn that number.


Yoic, two players wore 34 in Milwaukee, Ray, Allen, and Giannis. Who do you remember in 15? Who do you remember in 34? One guy is a three time MVPA finals. MVP and one of the historically great, great. And not to say Carmela, 'cause Carmela was a great player, but that 15 now officially belongs to Nicole Yoic Yolk.


That's it. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from ocho. And I wanna personally thank you for your support, your continued support because without you, there can be none of us. So thank you for tuning in. We thought we were gonna have a very interesting game. You tuned in regardless knowing that a by the midway through the third quarter, You know this game was gonna be over. But you still tuned in to support UNC and OCHO and we greatly appreciate that. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler, all pro route runner extraordinaire.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you check out Shay by La Poitier. We have it in stock now. If you live in a close by city and they don't have it, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. She Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for a not Safe for Work tour are on sale now. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour.


That link is pinned in the chat. Can't wait till you guys see all the guests that we have in storm for you. Get your tickets now. We're off tomorrow. We're back on Monday. I'm up. He's we on tomorrow. Oh, Rocky, my bad. We're off. You'll see. I'm just going by what she said. Okay, we'll see you tomorrow and then we'll go from there. I goodnight. The Volume


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champions on the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's Never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever, podcast.