
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


PN State did not want Genty to get that record on their watch. Genty entered the game needed 131 yards of breaking the record of tying the record. 1 32 to break it. Barry had 26 29 said in 1988, Penn State Defense stifle Genty holding him to a season low, 104 yards rushing. It's his first time not rushing for at least 125 yards in a game this season. He finished 28 yards shy of breaking Barry Sanders leg. Hey, listen. They they were, they were, they were, they were, they were popping. Young bull out there, man. They, they, they, they would letting him have it.


Now I thought, honestly, I'm just gonna be honest, honest with you, I didn't think he was gonna do well against Penn State because the level of competition he was playing, playing at or with or against for that matter and his conference. But he looked, he looked pretty, pretty, pretty goddamn good. Listen. Yeah, he was breaking tackles. He ran hard, ran Very hard after contact. You know, I'm not sure, I'm not sure how many yards he had after contact, but Most of them, Hey, Hey you. He was hard to bring down the first, the first guy never made the tackle. The first guy never brought him down for the most part. Yeah. But like I said, Ocho, you look, you don't want that record.


And my thing was that I said this on first take. I said, look, I know what Ashton Genty is. Lemme tell you what I'm gonna do. If that quarterback goes out there and throw for three 50 or three touchdowns, thanks, I'm gonna go to the building field, shake his hand, say, congratulations young man. Good luck moving forward. Right? But I refuse to let Genty run their ass to a victory. Right. That's not gonna happen. And they felt the quarterback couldn't beat them throwing the football. Yeah. And he couldn't because you know, when you, when you take that running game away. 'cause they wanted to give him the ball, but I thought, and the problem is they fell behind. Yeah. You fall behind on Joe. That game was about to get really outta hand. Had the quarterback aller, he's doing the right thing by coming back.


'cause he's not very good I don't think, in my eyes, watching him play for the three or four games that I've seen him play, he is average. He's an average. He's an average college quarterback. There's nothing special about him. But if he doesn't formula that ball and they're about to go up 2021 to nothing, your thing about to get outta and now you really, and that's what happened when you get ahead like that, guess what? You take him outta the running game. You don't have no choice. Now you got Yeah, but Genty, he ran hard, but they give him state credit. They say, we don't want you to break that record on us. And they did a great job of neutralizing him.


Look, they need to go back and everybody that played in the bowl game, bowl game, they need to put, add those yards to the total. You could do it right. Just add, just add Barry what he did in the holiday bowl. Just go look it up. Barry had like 2 25 in the, in the holiday bowl. Barry's record is really like 12 games, 2,800 yards and like 40 plus touchdowns. They didn't count the bowl. See, they didn't count the bowl games back then. Ocho like they do now, right? Barry had like 20 K and they took him out. Barry coulda had another 300 yard game. They talking about where they were letting take Genty out. Go look at some of Barry games and they, when they took him out, Barry was having 300 yard games.


That's crazy. Look at what he did to Oklahoma. Look at what he did to Nebraska, what he did to Missouri. Go back and look at Barry stat is even if Gente had a broke his record, the greatest college ru Russian season is Barry Sanders. I think it's one of the two best seasons in the history. The Game Joe Burrow that 5,060 touchdown season right in the Barry Sanders. 2,800 yards and 40 plus touchdowns. Y'all, if y'all just go back and look at the numbers that Barry put up and you'll like, you'll get a better appreciation of j Barry Sand's college career. Yeah. And his sophomore year he backed up Thurman Thomas.


Yeah. Barry didn't start, Thurman started. Barry read back punt and kickoffs. Yeah. That's, let that sink, let that sink in. Many of you believe Barry is the greatest running back in FL and he had to see it started one year. That's crazy. That's that's crazy. It was, it was what Joe Burrow did that season there. You're probably not gonna see it again because you're probably not gonna be able to find two receivers like Chase Jefferson. And then when you combine Marshall and then you had the tight end Randy Moss son Thaddius or you had Clyde Edwards Alay, you had Joe Burrow throwing the ball.


You had an offensive line that was the best in college football. You got the perfect storm. Yeah. Storm. And you get the perfect storm. You saw it. I mean the guy threw for 60 touchdowns. That's cool. 60. And look at and look at some, look at some of the staff, what he did to Georgia, what he did to Clemson. Hey, what he did to Alabama. The the sugar bowl between the Georgia Bulldogs and the fighting Irish from Notre Dame were po was postponed and senseless act of terrorism. And so before we get into the show, we wanna have a moments of silence for those that were impacted and all the New Orleans, new orlean that was impacted.


The family, friends, and loved ones of the senseless and tragic. So we're gonna take a few moments to pause to heartfelt condolences to those that were impacted by this. I know sometimes it's really hard for you to try to wrap your mind around something that's so senseless. I would encourage you to be vi vigilant but not be afraid. Go about your normal life because that's what terrorist cowards try to do. They try to put you in fear for your normal everyday activities.


Yeah. But we should not, we should be vigilant, but we should not be afraid. As we know there is something that a person that sits high or spirit or whatever you believe that sits high and looks low. He is the king of kings. He's the Lord of Lords. He's the alpha and the Omega. He's the omnipotent one. And I know right now it's hard to understand. But I encourage God to give us all strength and understanding that what transpired today to start 2025, someone wanted their moment and they took this, they took the coward way to do just that.


To all those that's impacted, all people that lost loved ones, that lost family, that lost friends. The Nightcap crew along with many others since our heartfelt thoughts and prayers, we pray that you gain comfort. We pray that you have understanding and, and time. And only when you're ready, hopefully you find peace and solace in this Ocho My heart breaks. Yeah. I can only imagine receiving the news that some people received that this had happened. But I do underst but I do, I do, I do. Sincerely in all my heart believe there is a how of power and a how of being.


And we don't understand everything. It's not meant for us here to understand. But I do believe sunshine follows rage. And it's really dark right now for a lot of people in New Orleans and for the city of New Orleans, because I know you're mourning. I know you're hurting, but just know you're strong and think about what you've already overcome from Katrina and a lot of other things that have happened in that city. You're built for this. We're built for this. And like all things we'll get through this Prime rips reporter that your door wouldn't want to play for the Browns or the Titan. It would be multiple idiots that will say things that are totally aren't true regarding I would like Sha Door and Shallow to play in the NFL if I were to say it directly.


To whom it may concern not an attention seeker. I don't know NFL Commission personally. Dr I do know. Oh, I do know NFL Commiss personally drop. He like Mike Drop. Look, You look, I hadn't talked to Prime in a while because look, he's getting ready for the bowl games. I don't wanna bother. I'm gonna bother his ass now. Hold on. He got no, he ain't got no bowl game. It's so funny. Yeah. He ain't got no bowl game to play for. So I'm gonna bother his ass tomorrow. I'm gonna call you tomorrow. I I I talked to Prime. I talked to Prime yesterday or day, day before yesterday. He was checking, he was checking on me, right? Yeah. About, about my situation. You already know what I'm talking about. Yeah. I need, I need to go in depth. He's like, everything good on there? I said, yeah, everything good. He said, man, I'm, I'm gonna hit, I'm gonna hit Unc.


I I was, I was waiting on my spirits to get back up because you know, we lost, we lost the goal. So I, I need a few days of myself. So, you know, he hit me and I told, I said, everything, everything is good. Every everything's good. Said, you know what, I'm gonna come on there with you guys. You know, I was like, I said, I was like, nah, don't come on. Don't come on, let's save it. Let's save it for February 6th. Yeah, let's save it February 6th. Nah, all he wanna do is clown me. Nope. That's all he, that's all he wanna do because that's all he do with he call, he send me a text. So no, That or The thing is in, in times like, and I think I, he, I read something where you said he had, y'all forgot y'all was talking like this, but y'all forgot I got time today.


The only thing I tell time is like when I'm going to 25, I ain't chasing no lies. Yeah. I'm not gonna chase it. Why do we, I'm not, I'm not gonna shoot it down. I'm not gonna try to refute it. Whatever y'all believe run with that. It is what it Is. It is what it, now I'm gonna see how long it's going because that's the one thing we know about a lie watch how watch how quick it disappear. Yeah. Watch How quick it disappear. You know, you know what? I don't like to not getting back to Prime, you know, the door and whatever reporter says, you know, he wouldn't wanna play for the Browns. I mean, why even write something like that? It has, it has to come some from somewhere or you just making it up. A lot of times people want to want to be the first to report something because if you're second, you know, the first man to climb Mount Everest, the first man to put man a man foot on the moon.


Right. It's not the second man. That's not the second guy. They remember it's the first guy. It's Roger Banister that broke the sub four minute mile. Right. It was Element Edmund Hillary. And notice the, the and the Sharper Sherpa that scaled Mount Everest. Right. Who remembers the second guy? Ocho? Yeah.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible chime members enrolled at SpotMe. And a subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Ocho the number 17 BYU Cougars defeated the number 23 Colorado Buffalo's 36 14. Colorado was held at 210 total yards, only two net yards rushing. The buffaloes were shut out in the first half while being limited to 61 total yards. They had 90 yards in the f fourth quarter with the Cougars leading by 29. Shado was sacked three times through two interceptions. He passed for 208 yards, two touchdown while complete completing 16 or 23 passes. Travis Hunter had four receptions for 106 yards, including a 43 yard touchdown, electric touchdown in the third quarter.


Talk to me because BBYU ain't no slouches boy at all. They're not a schlau. But, but Yeah, You gotta have a better effort than this. They were never in the game. You give up, you give up a punt return for a touchdown, you give up a onside, kick it. They, they, they, it is Coach Prime's job to have this team prepared and ready to play better than what they showed up to do. Yeah. It's it's really that simple. Let's not make it not Oh, they had a chance. No they didn't. No. After, after the first se, after the first two series, OCHO knew, you knew Colorado didn't have no chance of winning this game.


It, it looked as if they didn't belong. OI thought, I thought they didn't. As if they were the JD team and the JD team, the scrimmage in it against varsity. For some reason, BYU just look, look faster. It look a little bit more dominant at the point of attempt. I'm like, well, something ain't right. Yes. I thought Ocho, I thought exact same thing. I was like, well damn circles around you. I was Like, I'm like, wait a minute now. Now if I, if, if, if my memory serves me correct and I'm thinking of the old by BYU and not thinking of the new BYU, you know the culture over there has changed.


The players over there have changed. And that boy flying around, Man, I thought, hey, I was like, hey, I thought my TV had glitch. I said, they got them boys fast. I said, man, ain't no way they moving that fast. Man. That dude hit that cone on that on that way. Oh Joe, that dude hit that cone on the point return. Nah, he, he, I was like, what that is anybody gonna get close to him and then, and and then they kick the figures come back with a onside kick. See Yeah, because you know what I see on film? I see when they kick the ball. Y'all leaving before the ball kick. Okay. We got a surprise for you. Right. That's how you block a punt. That's how you block a PAT. That's why you do on side you study.


Hey, the L three, the L four, they leave real quick before the ball's even q kick they already turn to get back in position. We can hit the on side and that's the perfect time because guess what? See if you down by five points in the fourth quarter, they expecting it Right at All. You're not expecting that in the first quarter, are you? That's why remember how New Orleans got the coast in the Super Bowl with the on side open the second half with That's a good one. You Not hold on big. Yeah, but Ocho I'm watching this game. I'm like dang. I'm like, damn. I said these dbs, they do it. They did these receivers up. I'm like, they in they hip pocket and Colorado re resorted back.


Not not not staying on their blocks and, and, and it was just, it was just bad. It was just bad. It was bad. It it, I mean it was bad. I think they had too. I'm like, damn, come on. I think They had too much time. I mean, look, they had a great season, but they de ocho they had a great season. You didn't finish it like you wanted. I commend Shado for playing. I commend Travis for going out there and playing boy. I was like, yeah, I didn't rec. Oh Ocho, I ain't gonna lie to you. I I did not. This Colorado looked like the Colorado that lost to Nebraska. Yeah. Remember they lost to Nebraska early in the season on the road ocho. Oh yeah. And Nebraska put that open.


Definitely. Definitely. That what they, The funny thing about it, they look like a team that wasn't prepared but nopr and understand how he, how his preparation works and the time that he's put in with the players and having a great game plan, having a great scheme. They just weren't able to execute it the right way. And that, that's, that's on the players. The onus of that is on the players. But obviously the re the, the, the main problem where it would result, it would always point to the coach when, you know that's not the fact. But man, listen, they had a great, they had a hell of a season. I'm glad Travis, Travis Hunter and Shado were able to come out healthy. I wish, I wish them all the best too. Man.


I wish 'em all the best. That's It. Yep. You wanna, you want to get the win. Somebody gotta lose. The thing I like about college football now, there are no more ties. There used to be ties in college football that sucked. Ties like kissing a pretty girl through a screen porch. You know what I'm saying? You, you, you got the screen up there and she on the other side. Ain't no lips touching. Ain't no nah, ain't nothing. I ain't trying to tie nobody. I don't want no tie. Tie your shoes. Damn sure ain't tied no football game. Yeah. We don't go out there and compete ocho for a hour and then all of a sudden, okay, that's it guys. Hell nah.


But congratulations. BYU We don't wanna take anything away from you. This is, look, obviously we did a lot of covering of Colorado Coach Prime is, is, is, is is is a, is a friend of the show. But you guys, y'all put it on them. Y'all opened up a can. They went with the purpose. They showed up Ocho they showed up, they showed up with the sole purpose of doing what they did to Colorado. They said the world's gonna be watching Colorado, but make them remember us. We remember you bro. We remember because y'all, y'all, y'all did a number on them. Y'all did a number on them. Yes, Sir. Ocho Cam Ward says the NCA Division one mark with his 156 touchdown pass of the Miami loss, but doesn't come out in the second half after the loss.


Miami coach Mario Cristobal was asked about the decision for Ward to sit all meeting, all meetings with player and decision like that. We made them private. We kept them private. So I prefer not to answer any questions as it relates to that. But I know he played his best while he was in there. Is it a good look or a bad look? And When I think about it, I, I'll go first. It's a terrible look. It's a good Look. The fact that he even played and he played, I'm not sure if something made it happen in the first half. We're kind of scared 'em away from wanting to play in the second half. But if you played the first half, you might as well finish the second. Now that's just my thought. I'm already, I'm, I'm I'm already in there. I mean yes, I I'm, I'm just, you you wanna win the game.


You play to win the game. If you, you don't wanna leave your teammates hanging. If you gonna start the game, you might as well finish it. I mean that, that, that, that, that's just my think. Yeah. So I, I don't understand. I think everybody's thinking like that Ojo I think something might have happened and I something might have happened. You don't, I don't I think he, I think he got out. He like, I I'm unscathed and the first album unscathed. I ain't gonna jump at all There be no, But my thing is just don't play. Yeah. I mean, if you gonna start something You gotta finish. Just don't No, just don't play it All. That's how I, that's how I look at You gotta, I and I think the thing, I agree with you and I think scouts and I think pro personnels are gonna, you know, they're gonna look, they're not gonna look favorable upon that decision because they're saying if you're there, you took yourself out of the game.


And, but the myth, hold on Ocho, but he said all meetings with players and decisions like that, we made them in private, we keep them in private. So I prefer not to answer any questions as it relate to that. If that was his decision, he would've said, that was my decision. Right. And we're gonna go with that. Clearly it was not his decision because he doesn't want, because he doesn't want the kid to look bad. I give him credit, but I think the most, the average person knows that the kid made a decision and I look, that's his decision to make. But for me, if I start, I'm gonna finish. Either I'm gonna play the whole game.


Yeah. Or I'm not playing it at all. Mean, listen, I I I, I kind of understand it, but I kind of don't. It kind of makes sense. But then when I sit back and think about it, it really doesn't either. What's the point of playing two quarters and not playing the second, you know, the, the, I I I, I don't know. Thank you Ocho. So That, that's why I keep saying I think something must have happened in the first half. That's why I keep saying that because there's no way it, It did happen. He threw three touchdown passes. That's What happened as a competitor. Once you in that environment and you competing, ain't no way in hell you coming out. Absolutely, absolutely not. I mean just, Nope. It's just in your, in your nature, when you get hurt, they can barely, you pull, they can barely, you pull, they could barely pull players out the game.


Right. I mean, for a guy to, even if he's hurt Ocho, he has to be really hurt where he feel he can't do his job or he's gonna end up hurting himself or putting a team in harm's way. Other than that, the guy's not coming out that that's the heart. That's why they started having spotters with concussions because guys wouldn't come out of the game or they would lie And say, nah, I'm good. But now they have, because sometimes the one thing that we do know about this ojo Yeah, you do. Sometimes you have to protect, protect yourselves. You gotta protect, you gotta protect this for myself. But for me, I think this is a bad look.


I think scouts it is gonna be very interesting because I can assure you, you and I have always, we've been in those meetings at the combine where they go in there and they gonna say, son, tell us what you were thinking. Why didn't you play the second half? Now just, just so you know, your head coach is gonna tell them. So don't go in there and think you pulling the wool over somebody's eyes. They, They done, they Know everything. But in his, in his case, in his def in his defense, when they turn the film on the entirety of the season, you know what you're getting outside of Woody four night, in that second half as a quarterback, any team that may need one in, it's a, it is a few of 'em up in them first five picks, you know, what you're getting as a quarterback.


The Volume.