
Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat dfa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now with axs.com. MTV's official Challenge Podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season.


Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes.


Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figure heads and sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of Woa, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women. History has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story? The rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium.


There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the sprinter of fighting for aboriginal rights. Listen to a on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games. Adolf Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, CRA in self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it.


Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. The Volume, The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking. Sportsbook and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sportsbook has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly.


That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Guys, as OCHO and I, we told you earlier we had a great conversation with the legendary Oh yeah, Michael Johnson. And here's the, here's our interview with Michael. We hope you enjoy it. Oh Joe, I told you we gonna try to make this thing the real Olympics. We are gonna have people that Right participated in the Paris, Olympics And. we gonna get, we were, I'm gonna going to have Former, great Former. The guy that's gonna talk with us for about 45 minutes today is a Former two time world champion in the 200 meters. He's a Former four time champion in the 400 meter. He was a Former world World record holder at 200 meters at 300 meters at 400 meters.


He's still the current American record holder at 300 meters and 400 meters. And he ran the anchor leg on the world breaking world championship 400 meter relay team of two minutes. 54 29, Mike, You go. And he, he's a two time Olympic gold medal in 400 meters. He's a one time Olympic champ at 200 meters. He's the only man to successfully defend his 400 meter crown in back to back Olympics in 96 and 2000. And he's the only man currently to win the 400 and the 200 in the same Olympics. One of the greatest sprinters in the history of sprinting, arguably the greatest sprinter in American history.


Michael Johnson. Mike, what's going on? What's Going on guys? Good to see you both man. Good to see you. I haven't talked to both of you guys in a while. I appreciate that man. Hi Mike. When you hear the accolades, you know, four time world champion at 400 meters, two time world champion, 200 meters, a two time Olympic champion at four Olympic champion at two back to back. Nobody in the history. The game's been going on since 1896. And, we see some young guys come in and they win the 400 early in their career at 18, I mean 19, 20 years of age and can't replicate that. You did it later in your career. Why has it been so hard for men and women to repeat?


I mean, it's more common in women repeating, but why has it been so hard for men to repeat the 400? It's, it, it's a difficult event, man. It's, it's difficult for people to get consistent in that event. Like you will see somebody come out, run 43 seconds, become a 43 second meter, 400 meter runner, but then you'll see them in some races running 44 high, 44 mid, not consistently under 43 seconds. The 400 meters is one of those races where you need to be consistent in order to deliver that type of performance when it counts at the Olympic games. And what happens is, is you have somebody run the Olympics, they get it right then. And then if you see them in those race, those races outside of the championships being very inconsistent, running 44 highs and that sort of thing, then there's a likely chance that when they get back to that next championship they're gonna run worse, not better.


It's just the way that it goes. You have to try to get consistent with that event. It's a really difficult event to run because it's such a long sprint. There's a lot of room for error. There's a lot of ways to make mistakes in that race. It's hard to get it right, easy to get it wrong. Yeah. Well when I, when I think about the 400 race, obviously from the start you exert so much energy. I, I would say from, from 0, 0, 0 to 50. And then you have a, a another phase that you kick into where, where it's kind of not a transition phase of where you slow down, but where you build up enough energy where you're moving as fast as you can, will not, will not allowing that lactic acid to build up where you're not able to finish and kick towards the end.


And when you, the first thing you said was about being consistent, how difficult is it to be consistent when the field of competitive changes consistently each time you race? And some people push you, some people don't. So how do you find that happy medium where you can always run your race but still have a chance to always win? Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it looks like when you look at track, it looks like you just going out there and you hear most people talk about just executing their own race. 'cause you are in your own lane and the other people are in their lane. Right? But you have to know your competitors. You have to know they are what they're capable of. So like if I'm in a 400 meter race, for example, and that part you talked about OCHO where you know, you come out 61st, 60 meters or so.


You wanna run it hard as you can get up to your right pace. Not slow down, but just hold that pace. It's like in your car, if you push your foot all the way down on the accelerator, you using a lot of gas. Yeah. But if you let it up for a little bit, now you're not slowing down, you're just maintaining that speed. Right? Right. But don't Keep, don't keep mashing on the gas is the thing, the key down the back stretch. But in that position, when I'm going down that back stretch, if I see one of my competitors who typically doesn't get out hard, right? But today they're getting out hard and now they're getting a little bit of distance too far away from me. I have to make a decision right then, okay, do I make an adjustment in my race based on what they're doing? But I have to know them if I know that he not gonna be able to hold that.


So I'm gonna let, and then I might decide I'm gonna let him go. Right? But you have to be able to make those decisions. So you have to know your competitor, you have to be able to execute your own race. But you have to be really good at making decisions in the moment, in the race, in real time. And you gotta make those decisions quickly. 'cause you can't just kind of think about it because the race's gonna be over. Mike, when I look at you and I go back in the story of your career and you look at the runner, say, I have to make split second decisions on what I'm gonna do. You look at some of the runners you ran against Steve Lewis, you ran against Quincy watch, you ran against Antoine Maybank, you ran against Anton Pedigree. Alvin and Calvin Harrison got Washington, Danny Everett, there was such a vast range of 400 meters and all these guys could go sub 44.


And when you are racing these guys, you go into your mind and says, okay, obviously Steve Lewis is an Olympic champ. Quincy Watts was an Olympic champ. A lot of these guys you ran into the relay with. So when you, when you are trying to break down, when you and Coach Hart, your coach, when you guys were breaking down a race, say it's world championship, Olympic trials, the Olympics and so forth and so on, how different, oh, oh I'm, I'm gonna turn it over to you Ocho. How different is running a 400 as a two? Because we understand too is, is half the distance of four. But what's the difference? Because you were able, you kind of started like at a 200, you won the first world championship at 200 meters in 91 if I'm not mistaken. And then built up and then you got the courage to say, I could do both.


I could in the Olympics. Boy, do you know how, what kind of brass or who you gotta have to say I could be the world's best at four and two and the same. Yeah, It's probably never gonna be done again on the men's side, Mike. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, yeah, so a couple of people have tried since, since I did it. Nobody even tried before I did it. You couldn't even, the schedule wouldn't even allow for it. So I had to get 'em to get them to change the schedule. Right. But yeah, I started as a 200 meter runner, but when I was at Baylor, I was on the four by four and I was always splitting 43. So I knew I could run 400. But like in college, you always, you can't really go back and forth between the two and the four very much. 'cause you're always preparing for, gotta qualify for nationals, you gotta get ready for conference, you know, indoor.


And then the same thing I do. And the both of those seasons are pretty short. But I knew I could run the 400. Then when I, when I started my professional career, I was primarily 200, but I was running 400th at, at, at meets on the Grand Prix circuit. And I was running low 40 twos, rank number one in the world. But the first couple of championships like that 91 championship, like you talked about, Shannon. So I chose the 200, made the team in the 200, won the world championship in the 200. But I'm sitting there in the stands and I'm seeing Antonio Pedigree win the 400 meters. I'm like, I'd been beating him all season. I should be the world champion in the 400, but I can't run the 400 now somebody else's world champion. So I was telling my coach then like, you know, I wanna run both.


And, and he was saying, coach was like, yeah, we can do both. We just gotta get him to, you know, work out the schedule for us. So over time that became, you know, my thing, I'm gonna go to the championships, I'm gonna run the both to two and the four, nobody had done that before. The races are very different. The 200 meters is a all our sprint for most people. There's a, you know, some of the guys that's a hundred meter runners that's not really, don't have that type of speed endurance to be able to hold it. They can't run the whole thing. But if you come from, you like me, like having a 400 background as well, I can run the whole thing. So the difference, you know, is there's less room for margin or margin for error in the 200. You may be able to make one adjustment in that race because it's so short, 19 seconds.


Whereas in the 400 you can make all kinds of adjustments. The problem is there's more room for error in the 400. You're gonna make a, you can make a lot of mistakes and you probably will. Whereas the 200, it's much more technical. I think one of the most interesting things about, about this and everything you've accomplished, the accolades, the four Olympic gold medals, the eight world championships, I think with people that are gonna watch the show. Like what, initially, let's, let's go back to the beginning because we know, we know the finished product. We know if you've done, we know what you've accomplished. But what initially drew, drew you to track and field and how did you discover your passion for sprinting? And let's, let's go back and, and, and take us where it all started so we get a better understanding on how everything came to fruition to where you are now.


Yeah, I just always loved running man. I played all sports growing up in Dallas, played soccer, football, basketball, baseball. We were always outside playing. Right. And I always, I was always fast. I was always faster than everybody else. So of course growing up in Texas, you know, gotta play football. And so all my friends, you know, and I did not like football. I love watching football. Hated playing football. Hated really did not like, did not like football, didn't like getting hit. Didn't want to get hit. Didn't like contact. And so I, so they wanted me to play receiver. This is in middle school. They wanted me to play receiver. I was like, that's that's not happening. Nope. Not happening now. I wanna get hit.


And so then they want me to play running back. Like, same difference, you know, you know, you gonna get hit, hit more. So I, so I ended up, so I ended up being free. I played, I played safety, I played free safety. So I'm Roman and I was like Dion, I was like, I'm, I'm gonna go, I'm going for interceptions. I'm gonna catch an interception, but I ain't gonna hit nobody. Right. And, and then, so I played football just 'cause all my friends was out there. I liked it. And, and then I remember I had one game where I had great game, two interceptions, ran one back for a touchdown and And we lost. And I remember we on the bus going back home after the game, like everybody sat. And I'm like, shit, why am I sad? I want, I, I should, I should, you know, if I have a good day, I wanna win.


That's why I know individual sports is, is the past for me, team sports. Right, right. I'm too selfish. But, but yeah, so, so, you know, so high school just track. And, and then, and then I started getting scholarship offers, chose Baylor, went to Baylor. And I didn't realize until I got to Baylor that I could even have a professional career in track. Right. Didn't even realize that. Right. And so, yeah. So, so that was it for me, man. And then once I got to Baylor, started running times that it got real coaching for the first time in my life, real training, I realized that I had the potential to be world class because I was running some of the same times that the guys that was going running in the Olympic games and and running professionally were running.


Mm. Mike, when you, when I go back and study you a couple, you, you are only about a, a year older than I am. And so I was a track and field guy too, but I noticed, but you weren't taught when in Texas, when you talk about runners, Roy Martin was Roy Martin from Dallas Roosevelt. I was Every weekend, Shannon. He could, I run against him every weekend on the four by four and the 200 Crazy. My, my, he was a year older than me. Year older than me. Yeah. My junior year, no, my sophomore year. Sophomore year, 1984. He was alternate in the 200 for the Olympic team in la we in high school.


Yep. And I'm having a moving like that. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. He ran what he, he ran like 20.18. Right. He had eight at the high school world record. And then also in the hundred he ran 10 10 10 Oh something. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He, he, so I didn't get out of district. So you got, you gotta finish top two to get outta district to, to advance to regionals, then top two outta regionals, go to state. I didn't get outta state till my senior year 'cause Aurora and those guys. Mm. And in my school we didn't really, we didn't have a, we, you know, we didn't take sports seriously. You know, it was a, it was a, it was an academically focused, focused school that you had to apply to get in and everything I got in and sports was just like an afterthought.


We were in the hardest district in the country for track. I mean the kids in that district, ten five a and Dallas, Texas was the hardest district. And we in there with it. It was crazy. So yeah, I mean, so I didn't, and I didn't, and then I got out of district my first time as a senior, won it one s got to state, got second behind Derek Florence, who broke Roy Martin's high school record in the 200 mm That's crazy. So yeah, that's, that's what I was up against as a high schooler. Right. My mike, when did you realize, because I'm, I'm, I'm looking at your career and like I said, I love track and field and I know a lot about the 200 meters. I was at the trials in Atlanta when you broke pie's.


Man's record. He ran 1972, I think in, in 72. And you ran 1966. When did you know that you could break the world record into 200 and the four? So Yeah. So you were, yeah, you were close. He brought, he, it was 1979. He broke it in 1972 in Mexico City at Altitude. And, and alt, that record stood for a long time because that was 1996, right? Yeah. So 1996 when I broke it, he broke it in 19 70, 19 70, 79, 79, 79, 8 79, 9. Okay. So yeah, I knew when I was in, in, in college, I knew when I was in college, my sophomore year of college, I ran 20.08. I ran 20.08.


And, and I remember that race. That was the first time I really dropped the time. And I remember all of the mistakes. And me and my coach were just talking about all of the things that we could improve in that race. And he said, then he was like, like, you can break the world record. I was like, I I, I know. And that's what we then we just kept, we, we just kept working on it from there. But I had a lot of injuries in college that kind of helped me from Yeah. From reaching my potential and I had to, you know, overcome that. I didn't like, it was my fault. I was getting injured 'cause I didn't like stretching, didn't like lifting weights. I just wanted to go out to practice, run every day, go run and, and do it. So I wasn't strong, you know. And then I realized, you know, I gotta, I really, and my coach had been really telling me, you know, and I was just, you know, hardheaded kid thinking I'm gonna do it my way.


Don't really like weights, I'm fast. I can just be fast. But the fundamentals are the fundamentals. It takes what it takes, you know, there's not a lot of choices when you wanna be successful. And I had to realize that. And once I did committed myself to, to the weights and, and the strength training program, that's when I started seeing the results. I, You had some battles, man, you and Butch. When Butch said Butch, Butch said broke the world record, he broke Lee Evans world record, if I'm not Mistaken. Yeah. 1988, Mike in 1988 he ran what, 43, 29. And so you and him had battles. You, him, Steve Lewis, Danny Everett, Quincy Watts guys, you guys were going back and forth because all of you guys could sub 44 seconds.


He breaks that record in 88 and you ended up breaking the record. Mike, you didn't break the record until 2000 in 1999. So that was 11 years later in you, I think, if I'm not mistaken, Mike, you are in your thirties. That's unheard of for a guy your age to keep PR and pushing the record. How were you able, like you said you had some injuries early and maybe that what saved you is that you didn't burn your legs out early and you had some juice still in the tank late. So what was the process of going through and breaking that world record because you knew you were gonna have to have the perfect race, the perfect conditions, and the perfect people in the race to push you to that world record?


Yeah, so my first year as a pro, 1990, I ran 43. I was running 43 2 every time I stepped on the track. But I was, that was my first year running the 400. I had never run. You Mean 44? 2 44 2. I had never really been running the 400 and at that point I was really a 200 meter runner. So the first six years of my career I was focused on mostly the 200 primarily. Even though in 96 I ran both in 95 I bought won world championships. In both 93 I won the world championship. In the 400 I would run, I would probably run my races every year. I probably be like 75% of my races are 225% of my races are 400.


So I wasn't running a lot of 400. Okay. So I probably would've broken that 400 meter world record a lot sooner had I been focused on that race. But I was focused on trying to break the 200 meter world record first. And so I did that once, I did that in 96, then I shifted my focus and started, started running. 75% of my races were 425% of my races were 200. 'cause then once I had the world record in the 200, then I started focusing on breaking the world record in the 400. So it was like 1996, I ran 43 39, which was a 10th of a second off the world record, which was 43 29. It took me the next three years. And finally in 99 I got it. 'cause it was like you just gotta try to find those little areas in the raid where you can make up some time where you Gained the 10th.


Yeah, that was in, that was in Seville Perfect conditions. Trans you, you transitioned, lemme ask you this. In 90, in, in 93 I think that was the time that you guys broke the world record at the world champ. At the world championship. In the two. In the 400. In the four by four. Andrew Ulman led it off. I think he ran split 44 5. He passed the Quincy Watts. I think Quincy ran sub 43 5. He passed the Butch Reynolds and then with you with nothing to prove, Mike, you got it. You guys have got this, you already got a 30 minute, you guys already got a 30 meter lead. They hand you the baton. You go what's going through your mind? Because that was the first time in the history that somebody has subbed 43 split into 400 meters.


You stepped on the gas, I think you ran 42 9. What's going through your mind as you're going around the track and you got nothing. You got a 30 minute, 30 meter lead. Mike, what possess you to do what you Did tell you, this is a story. This is crazy. So we broke the world record the year before 1992, right? We just broke it by a little bit. 1992 Olympics. I'm the, I I I ran the 200, I didn't run the 400 at the trials. I make the team in the 200. There's a debate about whether or not I should be on the four by 400 meter record. Oh. Oh no. Whoa. Because I'm gonna tell you, go back. The year before that 1991, my first world championship in the 200 US lost the four by 400 meter relay to Great Britain because they did put me on that fan.


The hurdler, the hurdle predic Down pedigree that you exactly right. Chris Bui ran down pedigree. The team coach that year didn't like me. So he said, Hey, we don't need Michael Johnson on our four by 400 meter relay. He didn't run the 400 meters at the trials. We don't need to put him on. We can win it without him. Mm. I'm ring number one in the world undefeated for two years. Right. He does not put me on the four by four. They lose the next year in 1992. I'm on the four by four. I got food poisoning right before the Olympics. You remember this Shannon? We talked about this. So I do. Back then what happened was, so I got food poisoning didn't make the final in the 200.


They like, we still need you on the four by four. I'm like, man, I'm, I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not even, I'm a shell of myself. I can't even run that fast right now. They're like a 75%. Michael Johnson is better than anybody else. So let's go. You need your industry level. Right. Okay. So my split in 92 when we broke the world record, I was the weak leg on that relay. I was still, remember I was, I lost weight. I'm still feeling, I think I split like 44 9 or even maybe even 45 flat. It was horrible. But we still broke the world record. So fast forward to what you're talking about, 93, I had just won the 400 beat all of those guys. Now we coming together in the four four by four.


Yeah. At that point it's like I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make up for last year. And then also if we broke the world record last year with me at 45 flat, if I can put it down like what I'm normally used to doing, we gonna put this world record to a point where ain't know we got nobody gonna break it for 30 years. And that's where we are today. Nobody has still broke that record. Right. Because those guys ran faster and I ran 42 9 on the anchor. Mike, do you realize that the record that y'all originally broke was the 19 60 18? Yeah. Matthews Freeman James. Exactly. And Lee Evans, do you realize outside of the Americans, nobody else has ever run a time like they ran in 19 68, 8 That 60 18, That two 50, Lee Evans, Larry James, those guys crazy.


That's also where Lee broke the 400 meter world record. 43 86, I believe it was that that 43 86 Larry James was set, I think didn't they, didn't they? I think they might have took, I know they took one, two them, right? Yeah. But we've been dominant in the 400 meters. If you go back from two thou from 1984 to 2008, we, we dominated. And Then it, it was sad to see what, What happened, Mike, what Happened? Yeah, I, I don't know man. You know it, it does go in waves sometimes, but that shouldn't happen. We just had some, like this Cat Quincy Hall, right? Chris Hall, we always just talk about, you look at his pro profile, he has a dog on there, like a face of a dog.


'cause he's a, he literally that he is a dog, right? He is. That that when you know, the young kids say, oh yeah, yeah, he a dog man, we didn't have that for a while. Right? We did not have that for a while. I saw it and like, no, we didn't have that for a while. I mean, so right after me it was Jeremy Warrener. Yeah, Baylor. You know, Jeremy was a dog. He is like, I'm, I don't care. You know, I don't care. 'cause he had that, I don't, I, if I lose, I lose. You know, if I lose, I lose and I'll deal with that then. But the guys that come into an event come into a race thinking about well what happens if I lose before the race? You already lost. Right? You already lost And. we had some of them, we had a few of them for a while. But I think it's, I think it's it's it's coming back now.


Coming back. Yeah, it is. I, you know what I would that, that transitions me right into your next question 'cause I would get ready to ask you what are your thoughts on the current state of track and field right now and how do you see it evolving based on where we are now? 'cause you did just say it comes in waves. It goes in waves. Do you think we are right on the, on the, on the right track to kind of dominate in the sport again and maybe the, the one, the two, and obviously the four? Yeah, that's a good question. Ocho. So look, the Jamaicans been taking it to us for the last, you know, I mean you gotta give them credit. I mean this nation, this is a nation of less than 3 million people and they go toe to toe.


And sometimes, like I said, for the last 15 years, they've been handing it to a nation of 300 million people. That's crazy. Yeah. Where else does that happen? It's amazing. That's why the Jamaican brand from a sprint standpoint is so significant. Yes. They were known around the world as the sprint capital. They got great coaches, they got a lot of talent. And it used to be back when I was in college, all of the Jamaican athletes would come to the US for better training and facilities. Right around 2006, seven they stopped. They started, they, they got some great coaches down there and they started saying, Hey, just stay at home. We'll train you here.


And that's when you saw that explosion. Right. So, you know, and, and it's just been, it is been, it is been amazing. But you know, for us as the US we saw what happened here in Paris. You know, Noah, Fred, you know those guys. I mean, and it's not, and and, and look, the Jamaicans have found some new talent. Shane, Thompson, ko, Ville Ville, those guys, they, they got some talent. You know, they had a little bit of a void after boat left. But now they got some more talent. But us got some too. On the men's side, on the women's side. The Jamaicans have been, it's been ridiculous. I've never seen a situation where they had two of the greatest sprinters of all time and then found another one on top of that with Sha and converted her from a 400 meter to a 100, 200 meter sprinter.


And they, now you got another one. It was just, it's been crazy that that's, that doesn't happen all at the time. So now what we're seeing is, okay, those, they, you know, e Elaine is pretty much done. Her body's just not gonna be able to, her Former coach even said that her body's just not gonna be able to do that anymore. Right. So she's probably on her way out and probably gonna retire here soon. Shelly Ann is done. She's the greatest of all time. She's done enough. She's retiring after this year. And so, so this is the first time like in this women's 200 last night, the other day, I mean Gabby, where Gabby won, there was no woman Jamaican woman in that, in that final. And a Jamaican woman has, I saw this stat the other day.


A Jamaican woman has medaled in the 200 every year, every Olympic year since 1976. So it goes in stage and goes in waves. I think the US is is at a position where, I mean we're always at the top of the metal table, but the, the events you talked about Ocho Dispr, right? Yes sir. A bit of an point for us the last few years. But I think it's, yeah, it's coming back. It's coming back. Yeah. We've been having to share the table. You talked about Gabby Thomas, she ran a blistering 2182. If you go back and look at this, before the Olympics, her pre-race trial, she ran on the Diamond League and she faced Julian Alfred and she faced Dina Asher Smith and she let them get out and she came back in the last 20 meters. She was in third and within the, and with 20 meters to go, she shot the first, she did not make that mistake yesterday, Mike, she came, when she came out that bin, she was not bulling with Julian Alfred, she was not bulling with Dina Asher Smith.


She said, I am going to drop the hammer, I'm gonna leave. No doubt in your mind that this race is over. And when she stepped out of the corner and when she stepped out that bin, Hey Listen, when she, when she came, when she came out that curve? Yeah. When she came out that curve by that 1 1 50, that one 50 that one four whatever, whatever it may be. Man, that that was a wrap. Yeah, She, she's a very unique athlete. She's got range from 100 to 400. She's world class, all of 'em. She's a 10, 9, 100 meter runner. She's a sub 52nd 49, low 400 meter runner. She could improve on both of those. So she has that perfect combination. She got long stride in two.


Oh yeah. Like Alice and Felix and Yeah. And you know she was bronze. Gabby was bronze in 2021 at the last Olympics. And, and, and this was a redemption. And so yeah it was, it was, it was great to see. It's good to see her win. It was good to see her bring it come back to the US under 200 too. Mike. Mike, would you like to see her even though she hasn't run, I would like to see her on the 400. I think she should run a leg on the 400 meter relay team. She has kinda like Alison Felix, we know Alice and Abby. Yeah. She's run on that four by one before she ran on the four by one. No, she run on both by four. She's run both. Yeah, she's run on both And she's always in the relay pool for both. So last year Budapest World Championships, I think she was on that four by one and four by four.


I know it in Eugene 2022. She was on both relays. Yeah. So she's on, she, she's put herself like a Allison Felix in the, because she runs the open races show. She ran 100 meters, 400 meters. She's run open four hundreds and one hundreds against world class competition early in the season to put her name in it. So you got like, like Noah is talking about, you know, coming into these Olympics like he wanted to be on the four by four. It's like no you haven't done any 400 against nobody. Nobody's gonna put you on the four by 400 if you haven't gone out there and run against people World class in the 400.


What about Noah? I mean everybody was thinking about talking about K Shane and rightfully so. He jumped out there, he ran 9, 7, 7 at is the trials. And the only thing that I had concerns about, I've never seen him run like this on a global stage. Running like this at your trials are one thing and we've seen guys, Mike guys and men and women run great at their trials run great. But when they get to that global stage, they don't perform because the heaviest thing you can carry as an individual athlete is expectations. The expectations what he had following you saying Bolt, what he's done the world fastest time this year and Noah Lau says sometimes you gotta pop out and show these things. And that's exactly what he did.


Yeah, I think he needed to just get out with him. His reaction time was very close to K Shane Thompson and I felt if he could make him run because nobody had made him run a hundred meters. Everybody was out of the race at 80 meters and he could drop off the gas. Noah, Lowes and Fred Curly made him run a full 100 meters And we saw. No, You're exactly right. So what happened was, and and and K Shane is massive talent. I mean huge talent. He is going to be a force to be reckoned with just because he's still very young. This was his first championship ever of any kind. He'd never been in a world championship or any kind of Olympic games. None of that.


Never done that. So that was my only concern with him as well. I saw the 9, 7, 7, I saw his other races and they were very impressive. Very impressive. So on paper, yeah it looked like, yeah he should, he should win it or he could win it. But like you said Shannon, you gotta come in here and you gotta actually do it. The issue for him, I don't think it was so much the, you know, like the the the expectation or the pressure from the Jamaicans, you know, which can be heavy but they typically, the Jamaican athletes typically handle pressure. Well their coaches do a really good job of bringing them up as young athletes as juniors and and helping them to understand how to navigate the pressure of a championship.


The issue for Khain was he had never been pressured at the end of the race. This race he was, but it wasn't by Noah. 'cause Noah was way over on the other side of the track. See what he could could see was big Fred Curly and Fred is big like, like K Shane, they both big dudes. Right? And that looming figure beside you right there with you can possibly make you tighten up. Yeah, he was, he was Connie and he had a Connie Samini from South Africa on this other side. And Connie, Connie had been running really, really well also. So at 90 meters, 80 meters, both of those guys are right there.


So for the first time in his life he finds himself Shane in a absolute race foot race. It's not about now it's not about, it's not about execution of your own race and all that. You find yourself in a race. So what do you do in that moment? At that point, at 80 meters you are already running as fast as you possibly can run. Right? The only way you can get yourself to that finish line quicker that last 20 meters is to focus on maintaining form and what's gonna be, it's gonna be, that's a hard thing to do because your instinct is run faster and hunker down. As soon as you do that your body tightens up.


Tightens up. Yeah it tightens up. And that's exactly what happened with him. You watch his 9 7 7 blew it the whole way. You watch that race the other night. Yeah. Last 20 meters. He's here, you know, like a boxer and he's not just doing this thing and meanwhile you got Noah over there just doing his thing relaxed, relax and running through the finish line and there you go. Yep. It was kind of like Karri, if you remember in the world championship Shaka was in lane seven and then you had all those, you had the Jamaican, you had everybody bunch and Shaka couldn't see way outside of Lane seven. And the next thing she know, she looks up like shoes Come from.


And she was way over at nine because the thing is, because what happened was she ended up getting a atrocious start in that semi-final in Budapest last year in the world championships didn't get a great start that her frequency was so in. But, but what happened was, I'm gonna tell you the truth, right? In that race, that semifinal, she didn't get a great start. Didn't. And, and, and Shaka at that point had not proven herself to be a real championship racer to be able to, to to do what Noah did. She had shown herself to be more like what we saw in Ka Shane to tighten up a little bit at the end when under pressure, right in that semifinal, she tightened up and ended up having to qualify on time.


She wasn't an automatic qualifier to the final, she was the last person to get in. They took, there was three semifinals, they take the top two, she was third. So she ends up having to wait for the other semifinals to finish and finds her okay, I had one of the fastest two losing times, which means I get in, she gets in the final because she was had the slow time in that semifinal and finished third, she ends up way over in lane nine and not in the heat. Right. That benefited her 'cause she's over there able to run her own race, not coming under any pressure. Her race wins the world championship. We all know Sha carrie's fast. We all know she's been fast. We all know that she's got massive talent coming into this Olympics.


Running fast times against a lot of the Americans and everybody else get here. Look, this is what happened. I'm just telling you the truth. People can love Shaka, hate Shaka. You can call me a hater for saying what, but I'm just telling you the truth of what is happening here. What happened was in that race, she's now under pressure. She didn't get a great start. She never gets a great start. And that's fine if you can then come through at the end. But she got a one, one of her worst starts. One of the, the worst starts last just left in the blocks and now you back in the race you gotta get back in it. But now you are under pressure 'cause Julian is gone. Gone.


Yes. Right. But that never was able to get back in it. But that race was over before it starts. If you look at Shaka, and it was so surprising even to me, you look at her coming out before that race started and she looked scared. She did not look confident, she did not look like she was like, I'm I'm in champion, you know, mindset. I'm about to go out here and take what's mine. And, and she just didn't look like that. And, and and Ocho that that That race Was open, Mike Ocho and I talked about it. I said it. That's what I said though. I say she didn't seem like herself. Now what role did the ro warmup because it, it was being reported that the athletes got that didn't ride the bus from the Olympic village, had to go into a separate entrance.


She had that situation of a rise. Shelly Ann Frazier price had that issue. So how much, how, think of a difference did the warm up, did she properly warm up? From what I understand they, what happened was they had been going through, they weren't staying at the village, right? So there's some athletes that don't stay at the village. I never stayed at the village. So you have your own transportation, you're not riding the team bus, you have your own car driving, all of that. I would always have to go to the US team and say, okay, I'm not staying in the village. I have my own car, I have my own driver, I have my own stuff. I need a pass to get through. Right. So they would give it to me or they would say, okay, well if we can't give you a pass, you have to meet us and then jump on the bus. But you can come from your place, come to the village or whatever would meet you and you get on and jump on.


They would getting through that gate for the first couple of days, no problem. And then the next day they, I guess they clamped down and said, no, this is not supposed to be happening. You can't come through this. I've heard two different stories. I've heard that they had to walk a a hour, which I'm not, I I've only heard that from a, so it's, that wasn't really that reliable. The other source I heard said, and, and what I've heard more consistently is there was another gate that wasn't that far down that they did have to walk, but it was just on the other side of the warmup area and they had to walk down there and get in. So, and and, and I've heard from very reliable sources that they had all of the time they needed to warm up. Okay. That's what I've heard. So I don't, nothing official has come out yet, but that's what has been, been, been reported.


So I don't think that that was an issue. The Jamaican camp has reported that Shelly Ann Fraser price did not drop outta that semi-final because of that. She dropped out because she had been dealing with an injury and it flared back up and she had been dealing with injuries earlier this season. What about Shaka? Why did Shaka drop out? Has she been dealing with injuries? Because it seemed like a lot of the Jamaican women, she hadn't run really great this year. So has she been dealing with injury? Yeah, she got injured actually in a track meet and stopped on the track about three weeks before the game. So it was always questionable coming into this whether she was even, it was just a matter of how serious that injury was. And so first she gets here, they were being very, and a lot of the Jamaican fans are sort of upset right now because the coaches and the team were being very, you know, sort of clandestine about, you know, well how serious is an injury?


They wanna know these are our athletes, we support them, they wanna know, you know, what's gonna happen, what can, you know, don't get us getting our hopes built up if the athlete is injured. They never really said, you know, and then so she pulls out of the hundred, out the 200 the day before the 100 she pulled out the hundred said I'm just gonna run 200, I'm just gonna run the 200. She never said why. And then, so we all knew why. And then, then the day before, the 200 she pulls out of that as well. Mm. Right. Mike Handicap handicapped this 200 meters. You got Noah Lyes, who's the American record holder, you got Kung fu Kenny who's run sub ten nine nineteen six. You have Arian Knighton who's run a blister return.


You have a to Bogo the boat Swan who's run unbelievable handicapped this. Can we sweep the podium? Will we sweep the podium? What do you think is gonna happen between Noah and Kitty Benett? Yeah, I think it's going to be, I look let's talk about silver and bronzes. 'cause gold, gold is gone. I mean, Noah's a three time world champion. I mean I, you know, as far as the 100, yeah, you know, he proved himself right now Noah, and that's a good thing about Noah. You know, Noah wasn't, not to prove anybody wrong, he don't care about what everybody else think. He was not gonna prove that he's right and that's what he did in the hundred where there was some doubts I even had my doubts at, at, at some points.


But the 200 meters, there is no doubt anybody saying that Noah's not gonna win the 200 meters is a absolute certified hater and they just don't want him to win. Right. And, but they're still not gonna get their way right. Nobody in their right mind doing true analytical analysis of and handicapping of this race is gonna say that Noah's not gonna win. He's a three time world champion. He haven't lost him forever. So he's gonna win it. I think behind him there's gonna be a battle with yeah, Kenny Bedrick, Arian Knight, and you can, I mean let's to Bogo Tobo, who was, was he Bronze Locker? He broke the world record in the 300 meters earlier And ran 44 low in the, in the 400 meters.


That kid, unbelievable. He did unbelievable silver medalist in the 100 meters last year. Bronze, silver and, and bronze in the 200 last year. So he's a, he's an unbelievable kid, but he lost his mom just four months ago. Did back, not even in, back in May. So really sad young kid though. Great talent, he'll be in there. He was disappointed in his, in his 100 meters where he finished, I believe fifth. But he'll be in there and, and then yeah, and you got, you got Kenny Arian. Yeah, those guys are gonna be battling for, for Brons and, and Silver and, and the one person that you know, just, just for, just because Andre Degrass from, from from Canada.


This cat always finds his way in finals. He didn't for the first time. He didn't make his way in that a hundred meter final, but he always finds his way. So just for good measure, put him in there. Somebody faults, he might actually sneak up and get a medal too. Let's handicap this. I mean this is what everybody's talking about. The 400 meter hurdles you got Allison Dos Santos, you got Carson Warhol, you got Rob Benjamin and on the women's side it's a two, it's a two woman race. It's fem Cabo and Sidney mcl. Let's take the men first. Rys been running exceptional Carsten, he hadn't been at the top like he normally is. Dos Santos, we know he can su go sub 47, all these guys.


What do you think the winning time is gonna be? Are we on world record alert in the 400 me, in the men's 400 meter Hurdles? I would never say never. I'm gonna say net. This track is ridiculous. It's, it's even faster than the Tokyo track that this, this track is really fast. Yeah. Really? Yeah, it's a new, it's a new type of sur it's Mondo. Yeah, but it's fast. All the athletes have been talking about it and they did some, some, some different stuff anyway, so it is possible. It's absolutely possible because those three guys are the best ever and they are all coming right at the right time. Carsten is, is having a good season, but he's just not raced as much. But his, he trains so in such a unique way that he trains to be able to run the 400 meter hurdles all out, which is just crazy.


That's the way they train just so strong. And, and, and it's all about strength. So he's gonna go from the gun and all out and he only knows one speed and only one way to run. And that's all out. And that's why you do record. Catch me if you can. Ry is a sub 22nd, 200 meter runner, a sub ten second 100 meter runner and a 44 load, 400 meter runner. So he's got speed like nobody else in that race. He's got way more speed than Carson or, or or Allison. But he hasn't in the years past, been able to struggle with a few injuries and then hasn't been able to figure out how to use that speed in the hurdles to be able to stay with Carston. But I think he has now.


So it is going to be a, it is gonna be a battle. That's gonna be a very interesting race. I think it could come down to the wire with all three of those guys do. Santos, all three of those guys aren't afraid to lose, you know, they all go, go out there and put it on the line. So yeah, that's gonna be a good one. On the women's side. On the women's side. Look man, Everybody, you know, the thing about that is, you know, it is a rivalry because the very definition of a rivalry is people competing against each other. They all want the same thing and only one can win. And that is this case, but it's not a back and forth rivalry.


Fmca has never beaten Sydney. She won the World Championship last year, fair and Square, and she's an amazing athlete, but she hasn't beaten Sydney wasn't there, she's never beaten Sydney this year. Fem C's having the season of her life, 400 meter indoor world record, she's run some amazing times. You saw her run that blistering leg on the four by four mix, four by four on the, on the, on the second day of these, these, these, these Olympics. And that was impressive. But you'd have to then look at Sydney, Sydney's Sydney broke the world record again just a couple of months ago. She ran coming into the, the Olympic trials. Even after the Olympic trials. She had the second fastest time. Second fastest time in the world, in the 200, 200 flat, you know, I mean, so, so you know, I don't see Sydnee losing this unless she underperforms some kind of way, which she typically just doesn't do.


I think Fmca is the nearest challenger. That's why we talk about Sydney versus Fmca because she's the nearest challenger. I think it'll be Sydney. And I think that fmca the, the gap may be closer this year than it's been in the past, but I think it's still gonna be a gap. And then you're gonna have everybody else battling for, for for third. But look, that's why we have the races. You know, AA brison was supposed to run the one to 1500 meters and, and, and no, that did not happen. He ended up outta the medals and you got Cole Hawker is the Olympic champion in the 1500. Right? So, hey, when you mentioned Ry, the, the foot speed that he has, and it seems like he's trained, he's changed a little bit, that he's not afraid now to drop the hammer to go out.


It's like, okay, catch me instead of, and because, because he has that kind of a hundred meter speed, because he has that kind of sub 200 meter speeds and the open four, like you said, he's faster than all these guys in all three disciplines. If you lined them up in a hundred meters or 200 meters and an open four, rod Benjamin will outrun both guys cars, Warhol and Santos. Now it, see if you watch him now, Mike, he's, he's running that race a little different than what he has in the past. Yeah. Because Ryan's smart enough to know that you can't just use that speed any kinda way you want when you got 10 hurdles to clear, that could be a detriment to you. Right, right. If you use it the wrong way. And he's been trying to figure out how to use it in the right way.


And I think he's, I think my, my sense is that he's figured it out. Now you know who his coach is? Quincy Watts. And Quincy was, was telling me a couple of months ago that, you know, it's a newry. He's like, look, this guy, he's, he's, he's, what he's been seeing in practice indicates to him that Ray is gonna be running some, some, some, some special times this year. Mike, we gonna get you out on this. You established a new league grand slam track. The league is set to revolutionize the track world with like tennis, golf schedule four major championships slams each year. Slams would take place in four global cities, two domestic in the us two internationals starting in spring of 20 25, 48 of the fastest racers in the world would be signed to compete in all four slams.


In the other half field would be filled by challengers. Looking to prove, oh, I'm racing to be a racer. What made, what's, what was the concept behind this and what made you decide to come up with your own track? Yeah, you know, like what we talking about in the excitement that both you guys, we both talked about track before we all talk, we, we, we both talk about track all the time. I talked to both you guys over the years about track and y'all are excited about it. But you wanna see, right? Yes. You wanna see track, you see it during the Olympics, you get excited and then the Olympics are over and it's like, I wanna see some more track. You can't find it. It's out there, but it's fractured. It's not organized at scale. The athletes aren't organized at scale. The meets don't pay the athletes enough.


So they don't really want to compete in those meets 'cause it's not worth their while, right? They don't wanna travel all the way to the other side of the world and hey, if I win, you're gonna pay me $10,000. These athletes, the best athletes in the world do make good money. They just don't make the type of money they should be making because the sport isn't, doesn't have enough visibility in those times in between the Olympic games. So that's what Grand Slam Track is about. So if you think about tennis every four years, you know, you got your four grand slams, Wimbledon, US Open, Australian Open, French Open, you know, you got your four golf majors every year. And those are the ones that, that the best athletes want to be at. And they want to compete there. It's big prize money.


It's best of the best fans get into that. They know those athletes are gonna be there. That's what we're doing with track. So the best of the best athletes, the best racers, we're not, we're not doing field events. We don't, we, we need to, we wanna focus on just the racing. We wanna focus on just the fastest people and where we can story tell around that, get people to understand who these athletes are. Like UFC, like wwe, like Formula One, like golf, like tennis. These athletes are the best. So when we organize them and next April when we start, you will be able to see the same sort of stories, the same sort of all of this stuff. We're talking about handicapped in this race. Hey, what's gonna happen in that race that doesn't happen in track and field outside of the Olympics, but starting next year when we launch Grand Slam track here will, Ooh, that's live Man.


Excited for you. I can't wait. Hopefully we can be a part of it. Anything that we can do as far as, you know, talking about it on Nightcap, we'd love to, I gotta get you Guys, we gotta get you guys to the meet and, and, and then And, we will have a celebrity race too. So I need to see, I know Ocho, Mike Ocho challenging me to race this man. And like I said, hey, Hey Mike, whenever, whenever you ready baby. One foot in front of the other, I'm gonna, I'm gonna win. I got, I got two artificial hip, so both of y'all gonna run past me, so I'm good. Mike handicap this, the 400 meters we got Kar James, he ran the fastest time he ran 40, 43, 78.


His fastest time since 2016. Matthew Hudson Smith, who has the world's fastest time this year. You mentioned Quincy Hall, you mentioned nor Michael Norman who underperformed in Tokyo and he's put together some racing. He's run 43 4, but for whatever reason on the global stage, he has been unable to put it together. So if you had to handicap this four men's 400 meters, who you like? It's tough man, because if everybody ran their best, Michael Norman wins that race. He's faster than everybody else. Sub 10, sub 22nd hundred to sub 200. But, but like you said, you look at his history, he underperforms more often than he reaches his potential.


So, and he didn't look in that semifinal. He left it late. He did, he looked better. Exactly. He looked back around. So he just goes like blank sometimes. Quincy is also his coach and I've talked to Quincy about it and Quincy tries to work with him and it's just, Michael's gotta be able to focus in the race. But so, so I would, it'd be hard for me to say that he's gonna win it. He shouldn't medal, he should win it. But, but I'd say medal. I'd say right now I would go Mattew Hudson Smith or Quincy Hall. Quincy Hall is a dog and Nick kid just man, he just, and he's new to it. Techniques a little bit unorthodox, but I had unorthodox technique. Yeah. You know, it's like, and I don't, he, he's, he can clean it up a little bit at the end, but right now it's working.


You know, just keep doing what you're doing. I wouldn't try to change his technique in the middle. So I would, if I was gonna go out on a limb, I'd say those two are gonna be battling. But Kar looks good and he got so much experience he got, he already has in the Olympics 400 meter finals. He's got a goal, a still and a Bronx Goal. So he gonna get another, I think he's gonna get another one of them in this Olympics. So I think he's on the podium, but I think it's gonna be a really good race and that's what gets me excited, you know, when it's, you know, not like, like you don't want to have these races where there's one clear person like way ahead and you know that they're gonna win and nobody's gonna touch. I'm like, I mean Noah's rate 200, the 200 likes gonna be interesting enough 'cause there's Noah and he makes it interesting, but we already know who gonna win that race.


That's not as fun as this race where it's like if you race this race four or five times, you might get four or five different outcomes. Right. One last question, Mike. Could you see a scenario where Sidney wins the Olympic 400 meter, the 400 meter hurdles and Bobby says, okay, that's enough of that. We're gonna focus on taking down that 35, 40-year-old record of Marina Col 47 60. Could you see a situation where, where they focus and she goes from the 400 meter hurdles to the open 400. I'm telling you that's, that is the situation. That is the situation. Sydney, the only reason Sydney's running the 400 meter hurdles this year at the Olympics is 'cause she wants to put that world record so far out there.


She knows that if she leaves that world record too soft, it's not soft, it's unbelievable. But she knows that Fmca could possibly come and break it and then she'd have to come back into the event to try to get it back. So her position is, I'm gonna try to put it out there so far that then I can leave it and it's, it's safe with me. FCA is not gonna be able to go get it. Now I'll go over here and now I'll go over here and focus on this open 400. Because remember last year she didn't run the, the, the World Championships last year. She decided I'm gonna focus on the 400. That's what she did at the beginning of the season, but then decided to just shut it down for the season. So yeah, so I'm telling you, yeah, I do see that scenario. I think that's exactly what's gonna happen.


You know, she's the first person we signed to. Could you see her sign the grand slam track? We already signed her. We, she was the first person we signed and, And Josh Kerr, could you see her go in sub 50, in the four in the hurdles? I think that's her goal. I think that's what she wants to do. This track is fast, you know, now it's just a matter of whether or not she can go out there and put it together. But I think that in her mind, yeah, she thinks that that's where she, she can take this event. Well if she put that thing sub 40, she goes sub 50 in the 400 hurdles for the women. Ain't nobody touching that anytime soon. I, I agree. I agree. Mike, appreciate that bra. Hey, I really appreciate you taking time outta your day, man.


Like I said, Mike and I, we go back a long, long way. I used to see him all the time. He and my boy Ray Crocker are best friends and so he used to be at all the game and talking and so it's great to catch up with you Mike. We really appreciate Nightcap, the fans are gonna love this interview, man. Thank you for your time. Enjoy the rest, rest of the Olympics and we'll see you in April at one of these weeks. Perfect. All right, thanks man. Appreciate you Shannon. Appreciate you Ocho. Yes sir. Alright man, Guys, we really hoped you enjoyed that interview. That was Michael Johnson. Yes. That interview was p recorded. You have to realize there's a nine hour time difference between myself and Mike.


There's a six hour time difference between OCHO and Mike. So we had to prerecord that early in the morning. He's kind, he was obligated, he's a, a, A, B, B, C for him to take time out of his schedule to give us some insight and, and handicap some of these races and offer some insight because you're talking about one of the greatest sprinters of all time. He's the greatest 400 meter sprinter in the history and it's not even close. He held the world record at three different disciplines. The 200 meters, 300 meters to 400. He still has the American record at 300 meters and 400 meters. And so for him to take time to give it with us, we greatly appreciate your time and patience and we had a great time talking with Mike.


Like I said, I've known Mike 30 years and we're glad we got some other Olympians that's gonna be joining the show tomorrow and I think Friday. So we got a couple of more Olympia people that actually competed. You're not gonna tell them, you're not gonna tell. No, I'm not gonna tell them they have to. They gotta wait and see. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. So Ocho, we gonna get right into it tonight. Like I said, hopefully you guys enjoyed in that interview and again, Ocho and I we're gonna have, I think tomorrow and Friday we will have people that actually participated in the Olympics.


So give you, therefore give you their experience, what it was like, the electricity and the atmosphere of them winning. So thank you guys. So without any further ado Ocho, we gonna get right into our last segment of the night and it's called q and eight q and a Ocho Stan. UNC Stan asked the question, UNC, would you put Noah on the four by four for the four gold medals? No, because he can outrun anybody that's in the metal pool. He didn't run any four hundreds as you heard Michael say.


Right? Gabby has run four hundreds, Sidney has run four hundreds, so they put their name into the pool. Ry has run 400. He hasn't. So who on that relay team, is he gonna outrun r Is he outrun going outrun Chris Bailey? Is he gonna outrun Quincy Hall? Is he outrun run Vernon Norwood? Is he gonna outrun Deadman? No, no we're not. No it's not. No, no. You don't get gifts here. If he wanted to be considered taken serious for the 400 meter relay, he should have run some 400 OCHO to get those up under his belt so he could have been entered into the pool. Right. That's how it works. That's how Allison Felix did it.


That's how Abby Steiner did it. So yeah, that, that's how it works. But no, I, I don't, I don't think he's, I I don't think he should and I don't think he will think he d love said in track and fee field are those staggered starting position in the 200, 400, 800, I mean really the same distance for each runner. Y you do realize like yes, but the thing is with the 800 meters while you start out, you only and the 400 and the 200, you have to stay in your lane all the way around. Yeah. In the 800 meter. You start those stagger and then you get at a certain point you get to crossover and then everybody's in the first two lanes basically.


So Yeah, but they are, if you have to stay in those all the way around, they absolutely are the same distance. Yeah, because you don't have, I mean the bend, it's hard to win from Lane one though to win the 200 because if you remember the Americans, the women, what was that? Was that Rio? Might've been Rio. Was it Rio? It might've been Rio Ocho. We won the four by one, the women from Lane one because remember they, they ended up, the ladies knocked the baton outta Allison Felix and the exchange partner, they picked it up, finished protested, they had to run by themselves.


They qualified, they got lane one and ended up running and winning the gold medal from Lane one. That was, that was real. 2016. Yeah. Well they, they got out boy. Yeah, yeah. Temper Norwood Jr. Said, oh, do you think I could beat Ocho in a hundred meter dash? Yep. Man, I playing man, I Ocho listen some of the pulling the muscle. Lemme lemme tell you something. Pulling unc, I still train like I'm playing. I ain't pulling nothing. Some of the half the people Yesterday, Ocho ain't nothing though. Nothing gets you ready to play football, but playing football. Right. So I been running what You training for? Huh? Soccer for next season.


Matter of fact, ha listen, half of the people competing in Paris can't even beat me running right now, honestly. Who, Who if you could, who you could hear, You must be talking about, you must be talking about the people that checking on making sure they like their hands are behind the line. Those are the only people. Those are the only people that can outrun you. Hey, we'll see, watch what happened when Quincy, when Quincy come down here, Let's talk sports. 3000 said, is it, is it hard talking about the same subject in different environments and have you ever slipped up? What do you mean slipped up? I guess say Ninja.


Oh yeah. I mean look, if, look, I'd say I, I I I changed completely from, from High. I am on here the inside the NFL I'd be a completely different person. Talk different Yeah, for sure. The accent is gone. Yeah. I, I think yeah, for sure. Like, you know, I'm, I got ESPN Shannon, I got Nightcap Shannon. Nightcap Shannon is totally different than anything that's on television for sure. That's 1000%. And he's totally different from Club Shake. Shane Shannon is an entity like he Shannon, this Nightcap Shannon is only for Nightcap. That's it. Hey, he gets hung up in the closet until it's time for him to come out again tomorrow.


That's it. So yeah, but it's, it's, you look, if you on TV long enough, you gonna have a mishap. Yeah. You gonna say ish or you gonna say as so you gonna say something? You I said FI said F I've said f on, on on on undisputed before. Yeah, so, so this me, this is a combination of like, kind of like Nightcap, but this is more like in the locker room in Savannah State, in Denver, in Baltimore, in the barber shop when I'm with my boys.


If you were to like was Privy, I mean all the guys like Rod Smith and all the guys that I played with and they were like, he's like this every day. I mean everything that what you hear him say, he, he's said that now I just get, I just get paid. I just get paid to, you know, I had a job with undisputed. They paid me for all the little, the quick win and first take now pays me for, but yeah, this is, I'm a totally different, this person that you see that's talking to you right now, he don't come out only on Nightcap. Yeah, he a vampire Ocho. You only come out at night. That's It.


Derrick Lee said Shannon, just to let you know, Shaa by La Poitier is top tier Best cognac out there had a bottle last week. Amazing. Just letting you know Derrick, I appreciate the support bro. Thank you very much. I really, really appreciate that Ron DeVos, it really brings back some PTSD here in Ocho mentioned CL final between Liverpool and Rial Madrid. Sergio Ramos and his dirty plays are the only reason Madrid won all won it all. Ocho, what'd you say about that? I mean he's, he's he's probably right. He's probably right. Listen, rial Madrid has some type of voodoo that they always have and fine towards the end of games. Almost similar to give you better context, like throwing a Hail Mary with two seconds on the clock.


Yeah. And, and, and they scoring at the last minute when it matters most every time. Jerome Kimani love the show today. It's my birthday. Me and my girlfriend are watching. We'll we'll also be seeing you hope in Atlanta. Hopefully you guys still go to Magic City. I don't know where you going. I'm gonna be there either. I'm trying to see what these wings, I'm trying to see what these wings hitting on. Yeah. You know, I'm trying to see. I'm gonna keep old tip sip and see what we can do. Okay. Lemme know That 20 for the top, 20 for the bottom is all to get those, you know, things to fall. You know what I'm saying? O Yes sir. Sir, what time for the Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get Get some Put your hands down.


You ain't going nowhere. Ask somebody. Yeah. Hey Mada. Hey you, you know, listen, didn't even wait for me to invite her. Oh yeah. Oh. Y'all going on tour? Okay. I'm coming too. Well, I ain't even invite you yet. Talking about Oh yeah, I'm going, I know you trying to go to Magic City. I'll be there. Wait a minute. Like how you know Unc ain't wanna show me around you? You trying to be a chap? My chaperone? Nah, no, no, nah, no, no. A a real bait, you know what I'm Saying? Nah, nah, nah. We don't need no baby now. We don't need no bait. Hey, we've been fishing for 30 years. We don't need no bait. No, No, no, no, no, no. See re that re the baby re a cute little, you know when you walk you got little cute little flu dollar that Oh so cute.


Can I pay? And they all, they all, but they, they going nah. See, when They see ra they say who is that? That's my uncle Man. I'm the matchmaker man. I got you. You Good. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Everybody need a ring woman. You know you got a ring man. Yeah, I got a, a wing woman. Real, nah, Nah, nah, nah, because re going. She gonna have you with the wrong people. Man. Her, her decision maker ain't nah. Hey real, let's play shy uncle and niece. That's my uncle. He, that's my, that's my uncle. That's A good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Oh Joe. That's my uncle. He's shy though, you know, you know he ain't really been out, he ain't been on a date in a long time.


But he really shy. He's harmless though. That's a good one. Nicky Grant said, today is my birthday and as a gift, can Chaffer tell me, tell the truth for one whole day. And Shannon no notes change, nothing, love y'all. No, No. What She want, she, she wants for her birthday. Her gift is that you tell the truth the whole day. Well, hell, I don't, I don't lie. Anything I talk about on Nightcap is about personal experience through my lifetime. You have to understand, I've been doing this 56 years. I've done everything that we've talked about. I, that's what, that's what people fail to realize. I've done an experience everything.


I've traveled the world. I've been through all type of, all type of different things that people don't even know. You know, I've done trades and done all type of stuff. So it, it is good for me to have this platform to kind of share with y'all because you only see me as a Former football player. Not realizing I've lived, I've lived two, three lives already. So nothing I've ever, I might exaggerate a little bit, but if I Yeah, I might exaggerate a little bit. But everything I talk about I've done. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we do. So Nikki, happy birthday. Happy Birthday And hopefully you, you enjoyed the day. Did something special, had a lot to eat, got some good food, hung out with some family, friends and loved ones.


And so thank you for Nikki for always. You've been great. Nikki was probably probably one of our first five. She had to be like, I don't know if she was first, but she had to be top five for sure. And you want us to go ahead and Nick, you want him to know Nikki is now an official member at Shehe Media. We just hired Nikki. Hey, congratulations. So Nick is officially on the payroll. Damn. How much I gotta pay now.


How, how about y? How much do you owe these? How much y'all owe? How much is my bill? He went up. Went up some more. Damn, I probably now about three 50,000 now. Huh? 3 25. Damn, y'all better hurry up. Hurry. I ain't paying no more than 500. I got 500. Y'all been try to break a world record after 500. You outta gas? That's it. That's it. Yeah man, we've had a couple people mean Shannon, Adrian. He runs Shannon Sharp burner account.


He works for For us. Hey, hey, that at burn that burner account. Funny boy. They be having some good, having some good shit on Their, he works, he works for us. And now Nick, so Nick's been great. Like I said, she's been great. Adrian has been great. He was my burner account and so you never know guys, you never know. I like, I like you know, helping people. I like people that want see Sheha media grow. I like people that have a vested interest and that that's gonna work hard. And, we understand. We do one thing here. We work. Yeah, ain't there ain't no way around it. We work here. And so congratulations Nikki, well deserved, well earned. Appreciate all your support that you've given us.


Thank you guys for tuning in. Hopefully you enjoyed the Michael Johnson interview. Mike was great. Like I said, I've known him for so many years. And what better way, you talk about one of the most distinguished sprinters in all, in all in history. Oh yeah. The Greatest 400 meter runner in the history and it's not even close. So thank you Mike. I really appreciate that. We got a special guest for you tomorrow. Make sure you tune in tomorrow. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite, aunt Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite. Number 85, the rot runner extraordinaire. The Bingle ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler, the all pro Liberty City's on.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure y'all hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button and go tell family, friends and loved ones. Man, y'all really should subscribe to Nightcap. Oh yeah. And Ocho man, they be on one all the time. Guys, please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We value all subscribers, every subscriber counts. So thank you for helping us get to the top of the chart. Hopefully we'll continue to stay there by bringing you great content. Please make sure you take out, check out my Shea by la Porter. We have it in stock so we'll be able to get that to you promptly. Please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms.


She Shesha Media and my clothing company 84, that's 84 spelled out. Thank you guys for selling out our Olympic merch. Please link the rest of our merchs at the pen at the top of the chat. If you order Olympic merch, it will be shipped in under two weeks. Remember under two weeks. Again, thank you Mike for joining us. Hopefully you enjoyed the conversation. I'm up. He's Ocho, we're back tomorrow. We're out The Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Mayers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood?


That's a really long time to affect that smoky flavor. And in that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar May thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean, Camilla Cab, Doja Cat, Dua Lippa Gu Stefani Halsey, Hozier Heath Urban New Kids on the block.


Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow. Thomas Red Victoria, Monet in more buy tickets now with axs.com. MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then There's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season.


Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games. Adolf Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, craven, self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.