
Hey. Hi everybody. It's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine, healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can. I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VW Group void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Plug in a Hyundai EV and the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iac five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive, and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 iion. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job.


Thanks.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox sativa smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox sativa's powerful, clean, and refreshing scent can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous sends at a nearby retail store.


The Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Been hungry for some college football. Well, we finally get a taste this weekend. Don't miss any of the action. Jump in at Draftking Sports book. This is going to be Draft King's biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoff. Plus all newbies getting into college football spirit. Here's something special. New draft King customers can bet five bucks to get 200 instantly in bonus bet Score big with DraftKings all college football season long. Download the DraftKings Sports book app now and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Hello everyone and thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap. I am your host, your favorite uncle Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite first cousin. You know it. Your favorite number 85. The route runner extraordinaire. Yeah, the Bengal ring of Fame artery. You know, the legendary pro bowler all pro Samo Juco, Oregon State, all the way down to the Bengals where he made a name from him for himself. That's Liberty City Zone. Yes, sir. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And ladies and gentlemen, we're back like acne on the team. Please make sure you hit, make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, wherever you make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast.


Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every podcast subscriber counts. Thank you, thank you, thank you for helping us get this far and you guys showing up for us on the tour, please make sure you check out our shaa by la Portier. Guys, you've been doing an unbelievable job supporting us and I greatly, greatly appreciate that. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms do she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat and everything is 20% off right now. And the tour t-shirts drop tomorrow. O Joe, let's get right into it. Yeah, Colorado survives a scare. Let's go.


They beat North Dakota State 31 26 Shado Sanders, 26 of 34. 445 yards. Four touchdown, one interception. Yeah. Travis Joe Horn had seven catches for a buck. 98 Travis Hunter, seven catches a buck, 33 buck, 32 and three tubs. They win the game. But I saw a lot of the things that I saw last year. Ocho Yeah, a, a a a little bit. Not, not as much. Not as much. Obviously North North Dakota State is no slouch. They've beaten some very, very good teams throughout the years. There have been many upsets that they've had when they have played.


There was no slouch. So for the, for Colorado, this is a good game for them to start with, to get a test based on the players and the recruits that had come in, the players that had transferred to see where they have improved and gotten better than last year. Of course there would be some mistakes. Some of the things that we witnessed last year would still creep in a little bit. But I think this is good study film and study tape on where they need to continue to improve. Now, where I think Colorado improved best is in the interior, on the offensive and offensive and defensive side of the ball. The skill position, you know, horn and, and Travis Hunter did what they did. But to me more impressive, more impressively is Shado Sanders, his calmness in the pocket, his pocket presence.


He's really not much of a dual threat, but what he was able to do from the pocket, extending plays when he could, and having Horn and Travis Hunter finish, finish the deal off on the receiving end of the ball was it was, it was good. It was good. I don't know. Ojo, they still can't get off the what? They still can't generate pressure. And when they bring pressure, they don't get, they're not gap sound. That's why the quarterback hit is him. The goalpost late in the ball game we saw on the Hail Mary, you're taught to knock it down. What does the guy try to do? Interception. And the guy end tries inter and he ends up letting the guy catch it. Right now if the ball's in the end, but but go ahead. I have a question, but one thing about it though, now you say the, the guy hit his head on the goal post.


If you think about it in the second half, the Colorado defense, they played extremely well outside of that one drive. They held North, North Dakota state to really not much of nothing in the second half outside of that series towards the end of the game where it really wasn't significant. Well, What I wanted to see, I thought this year Ocho they were gonna be able to get off the, I thought they would be able to get off still discipline. You have you off the field. Yes sir. What do you do? You off the field on 30, you line up off sides, what happens? You stop him and, and, and Shiloh late hits the guy. It's the same thing. Right? Right. That was last year. The undisciplined this Yeah. Couple. We you can't, if you are trying to win, the one thing you can't do is beat yourself. And I'm sure time is telling them guys we can't.


Oh yeah. As you go up now, look, North Dakota State, we know what they represent at the level of, with the FCS in which the level that they play at, they're one of the premier teams in all of ffc SS in the history of that, of that division. Right. You into a conference is, bro, these teams are gonna be better than North Dakota state. It just Oh yeah, Most Definitely. And you can't make, make those silly mistakes that you made against this team. I thought, okay, you know what? I'm sure time is preaching guys, we can't beat ourselves guys. They brought SAP in one of the premier d lineman and all of in, in, in NFL history to be able to rush forward and get home with four without having to sacrifice your back in by bringing extra guys.


Well, they can't get there. They can't consistently get there. They've got the sacrifice and then guys lose their responsibility and guys are running free. You, you, you just can't, that's just, you just can't have that. If you want to get to where you get to, yeah. You take the win. Yeah. But I always say, and you heard me say it all the time, you never accept anything in a win. You wouldn't in a loss Win accepting the loss. Yeah, but listen, I, you, you, right. But you have to understand it's week one, everybody's back. They're not really settled in everybody's back to playing football against an opponent, not yourselves. So they're going to be mistakes, they're gonna be good things, they're gonna be bad things. They're gonna be things that you can correct. They can be things that you can build off based on the game tonight.


Now, as the competition continues to get better week to week, that means the error, the margin for error becomes that much smaller with the better teams you're going to play. Now again, I'm going to say that North Dakota State is no SLOs. They were a good team to, to open up with the, see where you are as a team offensively, defensively, and special teams and where the coaches and the staff can do a better job from their perspective, you know, depending on who you play. But I mean, I, I think it would, to me, the eye test based on what I saw, I think it was a good outing and a good start for Prime and the buffs and I, I, shit hell, I look forward to who they playing next. I think it's Nebraska. They on the road against Nebraska. Nebraska, that's gonna be, that's gonna be, that's gonna be another good test.


O Joe. They had 49 yards rushing. What couldn't they do last year? Yeah. Run the football. And when you can't run the football, football, what did that do? That put pressure on your offensive line. Yeah. And and your quarterback What happened last year? Yeah. Shado took too many hits. If you can't run the football 49 yards on 23 carriers. What I'm gonna do with that OCHO Yeah, you're right In college football, right where I got where they, their holes are like the size of an 18 wheeler. Yeah. Most of the time. Yeah. What am I Supposed to do in college? What am I supposed to do with two yards of carry ocho? Yeah. I mean, should, I mean, should do basically. And, and, and, and Trav had to stand on the heads tonight.


Trav had to catch everything. Yeah, that's look at the, look at the catches that he was making. Yeah. Hey, hold on. How about the one on the goal line? Yeah. Huh? The Yeah, well the Dude with the, the dude mushing his face mask for the third test down and he still caught it Even the second to down when the ball was kind of, well he kind of slung and down. He caught it and got both feet down. Yeah. He Caught it anyway. Yeah, He, on the third down, he ran a override. He made an outstanding catch on that. Yes, you are gonna have to, they're gonna have to get better at running the football. You can't put that kind of pressure on your offensive line. You can't put that kind of pressure on your quarterback by having 49 yards rushing, averaging two yards of carry. You're not gonna win on that. Yeah. You are gonna be in the same situation because as you stepped up, And, we saw what happened as they stepped up in talent level against teams.


Shado started taking a pounding. They're just gonna have to do a Yeah. They're just gonna have to do a better job. They got to get better. They went and got 42 new guys. A lot of guys out of the transfer portal. They had guys leave build the transfer portal. But this isn't good enough in order to be and to get to where they want to be. Ojo, this isn't good. I, yeah. Look, I ain't trying to be Debbie Downer. I'm trying to be realistic with you fans. I just keep keeping a butt with you and y'all know how I feel about time. Yeah. But this isn't nearly good enough. And I understand it's the first game, but what I needed to see, I didn't see nearly enough. I saw Shado do this last year, year. I saw Horn do this last year. I saw Travis Hunter do this last year, but guess what?


Yeah, I saw them not be able to run the football. I saw them shado have to run and make plays with his legs. I saw the defense not be able to consistently get off the field on third. Especially on third downs. That'd get you in trouble. Yeah. You know, the most important down is third down. So you do a great job stopping first and second, and then when you get to third down, okay, it's first down again, eventually Ocho you know what happens? You let a team go 50% on third down, you start letting the team get 60% on third down. You asking for it? Oh Yeah. That's demoralizing. Now that's demoralizing. Now it Absolutely is. That Is very demoralizing. Again, the the adjustments are gonna have to be made on, on the defensive side of the ball. Yeah. And I'm sure they're going to get that. They, they're, they're going to do that.


And that's, that's the great thing about the season. That's the great thing about even at, at any level of football is about getting the kinks out, getting the film out, going back, watching it, and seeing what you can do better and improving week to week. That that's all you can do. Yeah. There are definitely teachable moments in this where you can say, look guys, we're off the field on third down And. we line up offside. Yeah. We're off the field on third down And. we get a late hit. Those are the things that are coachable and you just like, Hey guys, we can't have this. We've got to be a sound right? We gotta be a physically sound football team. Let's play hard nose football. Let's get at them in the trenches. Let's hey, let 'em know they're in a fight, but we gonna do it. But we're not gonna do anything that cost us because it's already difficult to win a game.


But when you give a team extra possessions, when you give team silly penalties, now you're setting yourself up for, for failure and you're asking to get beat failure. Yeah. ocho, now it's time for our next segment. News cap. News cap. No matter what. Hey, hey, hey, hey. The Staring contest came to an end today, ocho, when the ERs and Brandon I used agreed to a four year deal dollars a deal that would keep him in San Francisco through the 2028 season, IU accepted the same deal that had been on the table since August 12th.


San Francisco will enter the 2024 season as the only team with eight players earning an average salary of at least $15 million or more. You have Nick Botha earning 34 million. Brandon IU earning 30 million Devo 23.8, Trent Williams, 23, he's holding out Javar Hargrave 21 Fred Warner, 19 Christian McCaffrey 19, George Kittle 15 million in 2023. Brandon Iuk had a breakout season leading the nine and receiving yards 1,342 while finishing ninth in the NFL and receiving yards per game. Almost 84 yards a game. He was second in yards per catch, 17.9 and first in yards per target.


12.9. He was second team all pro. His return means the Niners could have the same 11 starting on offense from last year. As soon as they get big Trent back into the fold. ocho, what do you think about this, Steve? And that is the gr that that's a great thing. That's a great thing. Fa you, because I understand how pivotal he is. Said offense. Obviously Deebo is good at what Deebo does, who I consider a Swiss Army knife in that offense. Being able to do multiple things from the slot, I don't really see as much as an outside receiver that can kind of get open on the muscle. I see that as Ayu and what Ayu does very well. He can also move to the inside and, and do dicey and create mismatches in that way.


Another important factor outside of the signing of Brandon Ayuka and understanding how good he is and how efficient he is and how important he is to the offense. And Brock Purdy. Trent Williams, You gotta get him in. Trent Williams. Trent Williams is one I thought who would've gotten his deal first before Brandon? Ay. Because I think they can miss some games without Ayuka receiver and they can find that production somewhere else. Maybe not as efficient as iu, but missing the best left tackle in the game. You know, week one or week two can, can hurt you a little bit. Yeah. Because there's a huge drop off without having big trend in there. Yeah. Now we talk about the best tackling in the game. Really solidifying the blindside, blindsided the quarterback. But I'm happy IU got his money.


He was very, very deserving of it. I don't like the fact that you missed so much time in, in training camp because now you have to go from zero to a hundred miles an hour with not much time to prepare for week one. But it is what it is. And I'm, I'm, I'm happy for young Bull. I'm, I'm happy for him. And the continuity, the continuity of keeping that damn offense together makes it that much easy for Shanahan and that offense. Hell and the entire team to make another run. Somebody to make it down there to New Orleans again. Well, I think The thing is with Trent is that you could always slide the protection away from him knowing he can take the best rusher and neutralize it Every time. So You don't, don't have to worry about sliding to help Trent.


Trent got this. And so now you take it back and you take the offensive line and you slide it a different direction and now you can help, you know, have the back sheet his way out on the opposite side. No insurance gonna neutralize that side. I I, I, I agree with you Ocho. I'm glad IU got this deal done. I think he was, he, he had earned this. He had proven he had gotten better year after year after year. And when some of those guys, when Deebo was down, when McCaffrey was down, Trent missed a couple of games. He stepped up his level of play. Now they didn't win all those games, but he showed that I can do my part. You can depend on me, you can count on me. And he played extremely well. Yeah. And he was work, he was rewarded for his hard work. And I always like to see that.


I like to see guys get rewarded and get what they've earned. I've shown you I've been healthy, I've been there and I'm not just a receiver. Yeah. When, when Christian runs the ball and when the running back has the ball, I do a great job blocking, blocking and knocking guys up. He's a complete, the jail breaks the bubbles. We get the ball to deebo. Yeah. I'm blocking. When we run tight end screens to kittle, I'm blocking. When we run the screen, obviously to McCaffery, I'm doing a great job of blocking. So I like to see guys get rewarded for their hard work. And, and, and, and teams don't have like, okay, treat it like college knowing after four years, four or five years or so, you got to move on. So I like when teams reward players that they drafted that doesn't give them any problems, both on or off the field and, and reward those guys for their work, the, their service.


So I like seeing that. Yeah. I thought Brandon, I you earned this, earned this, this extension and it was, it, it, he would work more than worthy of it.


Who doesn't love getting something for free Labor Day deals have arrived at The Home Depot. And right now you can get a free Milwaukee 18 volt extended capacity battery, $159 value when you buy a select tool. Get longer runtime and more battery life so you can power all your fall projects. Shop Labor day deals and get a free battery when you buy a select tool at The. Home Depot. How doers get more done. Limit one per transaction exclusion supply, full eligible tool list in store and online.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Gutey from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day meet today.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous With a trip to Lucky Land, you know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky lands slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky Today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you tired of your scented cleaning products? Smelling and cleaning? Like meh. Then it's time for an upgrade with the power of Clorox scenta with an uplifting scent that smells like coconut. Clorox sativa gives you powerful, clean like Clorox, but a feeling like, ah, being transported to a tropical island retreat. Imagine putting your phone on do not disturb, tuning out all the constant, just the feeling of warm sand in between your toes and a fruity drink in your hand. The ones with a little umbrella. Refresh your home to feel like an all-inclusive vacation by getting Clorox Centa also available in grapefruit and lavender Sense at a nearby retail store.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Oh yeah. Oh, Joe CD Lamb Summer standoff his cowboys over. He agreed to a four year, $136 million deal. A hundred million and guaranteed he received a record signing bonus. $38 million the deal would pay him the second highest average salary. $34 million per year coming in just behind Justin Jefferson of 35 million after the deal was announced. CD had wants, say he wants Jerry to stop playing games and play Dak Prescott. You look at our numbers together, they're at the top of the chart. I have no doubt that they're gonna get the deal done. We all know Dak wants to be here. Jerry wants Dak here. So let's just get under control and kill the speculation.


The big news outta today. Shy, please. Dak had a very tense press conference. OCHO when asked. Yeah, if he's next. Dak replied, not really sure not my focus anymore, to be honest with you. Told you guys that really can't ever say it. We really, my focus would. It would, would I, would you like it to be done by week one? I think it says a lot. If it is or if it, it says, I think it says a lot if it is or it is. If it isn't, however, it doesn't really matter to me to be honest with you. What that, what does it say if it's not done? That's just how people feel. Which people? I don't know. You right. You right about that. Dak was told Jerry Jones said, wins about the contracts talk and are more about the franchise can do and can't do.


Yeah, I understand that. That's business and the nature of the game that we play. Yeah. I mean, I stop honestly listening to things that he says to the media a long time ago. Doesn't really hold any weight with me. Wow. Wow. I, listen, listen, you, you, you listen, you saw, you saw interview, you saw answers from a quarterback that's frustrated, that's sick and tired of its owner. Always chirping, always talking, saying things like, oh, we're all in. But not living up to his end of the bargain. Talking a lot of cash shit, but not cashing the goddamn check. Now obviously he had no choice but to do with CD lamb because the market is what the market is.


And, if you look at, see these numbers statistically in almost every category, it's warranted based on what he had to pay him. Like I said it before when we talked about Dak and his contract, if I was Dak, I, I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even resign because I would hit the market understanding. I have the leverage, I have the power. And you know, with the way Jerry is treating you, if you think about other quarterbacks and other situations, when a time like this has come up, they don't hesitate in taking care of their quarterback of the future. They don't hesitate. There are no problem, there are no no owners in front of the mic saying what is good and what isn't good. It, yeah, it just gets done. So him playing with you like this, it lets you know how, you know, I understand business is business, but there's nothing to wait for.


There's no reason you've been there the whole time. You've done everything the right way. Dak has said all the right things. Now, I know on the field people can, can be very critical of Dak when it matters most. He hasn't come through regular season, beautiful playoffs. They've always fallen short. But again, there is no replacement for Dak at this time. So right now, despite what's happened on the field in between the lines in the postseason, there is no, there's no other replacement. So you do have to do what's right by that quarterback that's gotten you to that point of being in the playoffs. I mean, I mean obviously you can, you can be very critical of them in the postseason, but it is what it is. This is why I disagree with you, where you say, if I was Dak, I wouldn't even want to sign.


Okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, I-I-I-I-I hit the market. Can you imagine what the Raiders would give him next year? Why you, can you imagine what the Raiders would give him next Year? You gotta make it the next year. What he, he ain't finna get, he not gonna get hurt, but God got it. You you said, you said that before when he broke his ankle. Remember that? You remember that? You say God got it. Did he break his ankle? Yeah. Yes sir. How much time did he miss? Yes sir. Rest Of Season. Damn. As a, yeah, you right. So You want 60 million, they come to you and got 57 and a half, 58 million. You gonna turn that down, say, no, I wanna hit the market 'cause I want 60 million. Or do you take that deal Or, or, or think about this.


Are you sick of the shit? Are you sick of this fucking circus? Do think about that. Do you want to deal with that for another four or five years? Do you, do you want to deal with the presses of your owner at the goddamn mike where you gotta make a speech like, like Suge Knight did back in the damn awards back in the day, you get tired of your owner or in front of the mic. Come on over here to, you know, I, you know, I'm, I'm not saying no names, but you know, you know what I'm trying to reference. He might be tired of that. I think other players might be tired of as well. Stop continuously adding pressure to us. That already comes with the star itself. The product itself, itself. You don't have to be the front and center of attention. I continue to say the same thing over and over.


Now you saw a quarterback that did an interview that is sick and tired of It, but this is what you get only Does is talk, but there's no action behind what He's saying. But Jerry's made it abundantly clear with his statement. He wants to be the fo po the focal point. He wants to be the guy that gets the credit when they win. And he doesn't have a problem. He let it be known. He let that be known. But nobody's surprised. I mean, it's not like Jerry is breaking. He's not, he's not like it's an Amber alert is interrupting anything to bring you news that Jerry wants to get credit Right. For the success of the Cowboys. That's who he's, that's why he ran Jimmy off. And, and so for me, Ocho I I just think the thing is, look, Dak just wants to see the problem that Jimmy had. That Jerry has.


Yes sir. Dak has never embraced Jerry like Tony Romo did or like some of the other days. Oh no, he's he's always Heisman pos him. Yes, you are the owner. Yeah. And I'm not buddy buddy, I'm not going to your house. I'm not doing all that. I'm gonna do my job. Yeah, you paid me a quarterly. Yeah. And I'm gonna keep it like that. Yeah. Straight business. And that's how strictly business. That's how Dak Dak, that's how Dak has kept this relationship with Jerry Jones. And Jerry and Jerry likes to get, he likes to get Buddy, you know, he and Mike was good, you know, he and Tony Romo, he has his guy. Jerry normally likes the guys that he draft because he like, I drafted. So obviously I like you a lot and you know, hey he, hey, these are my guys.


But that, that act like, nah, nah bro, I think you full of it and so I, I see it to what it is. Yeah. I'm not Finn I'm not Finn to play with you and I'm not gonna have you play in my face. I'm the quarterback until otherwise noted. But I'm gonna do my job and I'm start worried about what you say. 'cause what you say don't mean nothing. A lot of times you just talk to talk because they give you a mic and you gonna say some of them country iss and everybody's gonna laugh. But I don't think what you be saying is funny. Yeah. Not at This point that, that that's how Dak that's d is looking at it as Now that, that, listen if, you know, if you know us, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna say it without saying the wrong thing, but if you know us and you are able to, to read between the lines and understand mannerisms even though you're in front of the media and having to portray yourself in the right way, being the quarterback of a franchise, historic franchise is at, you can read between that.


Sure. You, you know what he trying to say. You know what he really, you know what he really wanna say, you know what d really Wanna say? Yeah. I honestly, I honestly, I've never heard a player say that about an owner. But we don't normally get owners that, that, that, that get in front of the mic and try to dominate and try to dominate a press conference. Try to dominate the headlines. Yeah. Cutting out Jerry. Well, look, when Jerry came in, Al Davis was that guy and Jerry learned a lot of what he knows about being an owner from Al Davis. And so basically he's taken over that role. Is that Al nobody was gonna be bigger than Al Davis or the Raiders. That wasn't gonna happen. Right. Jerry looks at it the same way. Nobody's gonna be bigger than Jerry. That's why he's not gonna hire no coach with no name. He ain't Finn have you? Yeah, he hired Bill Belichick.


He hired Sean Peyton. Huh. That's why he got rid of Jimmy. He was never gonna be Jim bigger than Jimmy because Jimmy won. Jimmy wanted to get college. Jimmy wanted to NFL because Jimmy knew the players that he got because he tried to recruit a lot of the players that played that played in college ball that was coming into the league. Jimmy tried to recruit him so he knows what's going to work that that rub that rubbed Jerry the wrong way. That's like you some right there. That's called sabotage. Yeah. You can't even get, you can't even get out your own way or your team's success. I want it, but I need to get the credit for it. Exactly. I'd rather lose my way than win somebody else's way.


How about that? He would rather lose his way than win someone else's way. And that's what that's and that is why you continue to get the same results end at the end of every season because you're trying to do it your way. You'll lemme Steer the boat. You can't steal. You Gonna, lemme steer the boat Ocho. Dammit. I'm gonna sink it. Yeah. I love, I'm gonna sink it. No you won't. Nope. I asked you let, I let you ask, let, let do it earlier and you wouldn't. So now I got to sink the boat. You wouldn't let me steer it so I'm gonna sink it. Yeah. And you know, I I don't think the fans even realized what's going on. I don't even think they realized what was going on. They were being hold on continuously every year. It continuously, every year you're sold a, your your sold a dream and you buy into that dream a Lot of times.


And, and at in the postseason you finally wake up and then you go to sleep and you get sold a dream The following year, the Groundhogs Day for the next Season, it's the same thing over and over. A lot of these fans, O Joe, were fans. Some of these fans, a lot of them, the older guys, they were fans of the Cowboys before Jerry even got there. That's Inno. And then a lot of these fans when you, you knew who the owner was, but he wasn't this outspoken when Jerry was there and they were winning. How can you not? Right? I mean it's kinda like if you seven to eight and 10 years old now and you a chiefs fan, how do you get away from that after you've seen what Patrick Mahomes has done?


If you grew up, if you grew up in Boston, you was born in, in the early two thousands and all, you know, for 20 years, you, you, so from the time you was a a baby and the time you was 20, all you know is the Patriots winning. How do you get away from that? Yeah. Even when they have lean years, you seen it at its best. A lot of people see the Cowboys went 21 straight season. They never had a losing season. They were always, they always winning Coach Landry. He fired Coach Landry as soon as he got there. Coach Landry was a mythical figure. I can't have you here. I gotta get you outta the way. Let me bring, let me bring this college coach in there. We don't even play for the, oh damn man, they hold on. They winning.


Oh shit. Two Super Bowl back to back. Oh, I gotta get you up outta here because you gonna be, you going, you about, you about to turn into another Tom Landry. Yeah. See, see how that work? And plus, and you knew it was about that because the man wouldn't put him in there. He wouldn't put him in the ring of Fame. He's the second best coach in the Cowboys history. And you wouldn't put him in the ring of order. You made that man wait all this day. But What you did, yeah. That, that's, that's personal. That's personal. That's personal. But again, and you wonder why you're not getting the results you want to because you continue to try to do things your way when your way's not working. But yet again, here we go again.


A new year coming around 2024. Let me try it one more time. Get in front of the mic. Now you, now your quarterback is sick of the bullshit. I love how y'all talking about showing this game one, but see y'all get mad at me when I tell y'all things and then Oh, oh, oh bro, I know what game it is. I say, but did you see anything different in game one from Colorado this year that you didn't see last year? Oh, Shado opened the season last year. With over 500. Travis Hunter was sensational or was fabulous. What about the defense? What about the costly penalties? But don't worry about it.


We, we gonna circle back and I want y'all to say the same thing because we gonna talk, we got a subject, we got a subject we gonna talk about a little later today about Caius Tony who, who, who's on his coming, don't you? That's my guy, baby. Yeah, Well, well you be, get him on the Bengals because he's available. Oh look, he gonna be somewhere. You ain't gotta worry about that. 'cause You told me he was gonna be in Kansas City. He still, well obviously, you know, his days were number when they got Hollywood Brown and they got his Xavier worthy, his Dave number with his behavior and dropping of the passes, they wouldn't have got Hollywood Brown if he was doing what he was supposed to, they wouldn't have drafted Xavier worthy. Think about it. They traded, he was the first round pick.


No, they, they, they, yeah. I keep telling you, you won't listen to me. How many times, times have I told you they'll tolerate you until they can replace you the moment they can replace this young man, what did they do? But anyway, we'll talk about that a little later. We'll talk about that a little later. Let's go ahead and talk about this later. If the Cincinnati Bengals want to get an extension done with Jamar Chase before the season start, it looks like they're gonna have to write a pretty hefty check Yeah. To make it happen. Chase wants a new deal. Yeah. That would make him the highest paid player in NFL history. That title currently belongs to Justin Jefferson who got a four year extension worth $140 million in June. Chase is looking to blow, blow that deal away.


He's not looking to blow that deal away. Instead he wants to be the highest paid by 1 cent. So it appears to be, you get the deal done, it would take $140 million and a penny. Like I, I don't know where that came from. I'm not sure that report came from, I'm, I'm not sure how true that report is. Now what I do know is I said it before when we were on here, I, I said, well no, was it no it was on, it was on something. I think it was with Adam Scheffer. I said I don't think Justin, Justin, I don't think Jamar Chase is touching the field until he gets the deal done. Obviously he is making minimum wage for the type of receiver that he is in this NFL. He's a top three receiver based on what he's done so far.


And based on what he's going to do, we understand his potential and what he can be for the Cincinnati Bengals. If you watch the Cincinnati Bengals offense, it is run through Joe Burrow's the quarterback, but the main threat is Uno. We all know that when they break the huddle defenses make their adjustments and their alignments based off where Uno goes. We know that. Now, no disrespect to the Bengals. They have a great receiving corps and some great depth that receiver, but there's a difference in Uno in everyone else. Now I also see t Higgins as as, as a, as one a, I don't really see him as a number two, but it's still different. It's still different. There's a reason he was drafted where he even drafted in the first round because he is that great.


He is that phenomenal. He is a difference maker. He can hit his head off the goalposts from anywhere on the field. And. we understand the importance of that and what he brings, you know, to that team. Joe Burrow knows that. So at some point Joe Burrow's gonna have to interfere because he understands like, listen, we always start the season off slow. We always start oh one two out the gate, oh one three out the gate sometimes this year is different teams in the A FC North. We've gotten better. The Browns have gotten better. The Steelers have gotten well, yeah, they've gotten better. Hey wait, you, well, hell, the Ravens have gotten better. You know, I mean, so you can't come in here, you know, no playing around.


The culture has shifted in Cincinnati. Things are different in Cincinnati from top to bottom the way they do things. And I think still, I think they will get it done. I don't think he wants to be the highest paid, but he will be top three. Of course he does. Yeah. Yeah. I I I don't, they they not, they not doing that. But here's the thing, no, they not gonna make you. They not, they not, I I don't know. He's, he's going to be paid within, you know, top three. Nah, I, I just, I don't know. I can't speak because things have changed based on what they're willing to do. But I know one thing and I said if people were making fun of me, ah, you said he wasn't touching the field and he went to practice and y'all thought because he went to practice.


Oh, okay, now you back. He holding in. No. Yeah. Oh yeah. He holding in. And the one thing I, one thing I know based on what I know about Jamar is he mean business. He mean business. And he, he, he ain't finna play by this money because he understand what he's done. He understand his worth, his value. And I'm sure the fans understand that. Well actually they don't because none of them have been on his side. Based on what I've seen on Twitter so far. They're like, well you signed the contract, you need to obey your contract. And I, I didn't even wanna get in that argument, you know, but for some reason fans are always on the owners in the, in the, in the teams, the team side, you know, but it's crickets when they decide to cut a player who is also in the contract and it's always crickets.


Yeah, but that's, that's a whole nother story. The team, Because the players change, team colors really don't change. That team really doesn't move. Yeah. And the thing that's working against Chase is that he has two years left. CD had one. Yeah. Was CD had one? Well CD was was a a franchise. Yeah, CD was Fran, I think the franchise cd, right? Oh, he had one year left. He had one year left. He had one year left. Yeah. Jefferson had one year left. Year left. Chase has two ojo. How do we get there after two? And let me See, let me, let me let, let me, let me, let me, lemme talk to you about that. When it comes to special players right there, there are very few of 'em in NFL on every team. There's maybe one, maybe two if you're lucky, like 49 ERs.


You got a Trent Williams, you got a Christian McCaffrey, special, special Bengals, Jamar Chase. I can go, I can go down every team, everyone has a special player that is deserving of said contract. Despite how many years you have, there's a thing that I call doing right by individual because you know what value they bring to your team regardless to how many years are left on a contract. I understand the way business works, I understand he has two years left, but in good right and in good faith, if it was me as a owner, I know what value he is and how you Have to be willing to give up something. No choice.


You can't, you can't, you can't say, well give me that and give me the GA because I'm, because I'm, I'm I'm giving you the ga because you want security, right? So what, what, what are you gonna gimme in turn for this security? You got two years, not one, you're not at the end of the deal. You got two years left because you and I, we got, you know, when you run a business and I run a business, I gotta look at it from a standpoint. Yeah, I want, I want everybody to eat. But what do I get in return for giving you this? I'm, I'm giving you financial security a a boatload of it two years earlier that I have to really theoretically OCHO four years because now you can play those two years and I can pick pick because I can pick up that fifth year option.


That's two, that Player option. Yeah. I got two franchise tags. So theoretically I really don't have to do anything for four years. So what it, well Actually you don't want, you don't wanna piss him off either. What I'm saying, You, you don't wanna piss him off either. What, what, what, what, what, what do I get in return? You have to give up something ocho, right? Because if I come to you with two years left, whatcha gonna gimme, right? So you gotta gimme some leeway Ocho Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm sure it will. I mean listen, it's, it is those that work upstairs that, that, that are going to, to get that done, you have to go to a organization. But they have to have, They don't wanna pay nobody ojo you. No. Mike Brown, man. Well, listen, like if you, if if you look at, if you look at some of the, the, the, the off season acquisitions now we, we, we open up the pla we open up the wallet.


Now That's, that's to bring you in. I already got here. That's why I said yeah, that's, that's why I said the culture, that's why I said the culture has shifted, especially when it comes to paying players. But I I think they, they gonna get it done. He's not touching that field without him idea. I can tell that. I don't, I don't, I don't have a problem. I can tell you that. But if he slotted somewhere, if he comes in up, if he comes in like cd. Yeah. And I think that's the bride, the brown. I I don't think the Bengals have a problem giving him an extension to put him in that top three, top four. It's just that with two years left Right, we can't put you number one an opinion. Yeah. You ball, you bowl ball in Jefferson. Right.


And when Jefferson numbers, if you go back and look at it through the first three years, Jefferson numbers are better. Yeah. Oh wait, listen, hold they better. But Chase is right there now. Yeah, he right, he right there with him. And think about it right there with him. So the guy, I mean, I mean 1900 receiving yards one year, all those catches last year he had missed what, seven games and still had over a thousand, a thousand yards. J jj. So yeah, that, that look that you're splitting hairs because each week you're like, I want this guy, I want that guy. One week it might be JJ next week it might be CD next week it might be Chase, it might be Devonte. Yeah, it might. So it, it, it's, it's your preference.


What do you like? Right. But when you start getting that number with two years left, I think that's the, I think that's what the sticking point is. Ode. Yeah. I don't think it's the, I don't think they have a problem with giving it. There's like, right, are we really trying to, because they, they look the bri the Bengals don't wanna sit that president everybody for others because it, they looking like, hold on because you know, owners call and say, Hey Mike, what are you doing? Are you about, are you about to start that president that we gotta go give receivers? Because normally that's reserved for quarterbacks. Quarterbacks for the longest time. OCHO was the, after that third year. Yeah. You go to them early because you know, hey, it's only going to get more expensive.


More expensive. Yeah. So normally that was reserved for the quarterback. Chase said, hold on, wait a minute. When you, when, when, when, when Joe, when Joey went down, Hey, I'll still give you that work now. So I see both sides of it. Obviously I, I want the players to make as much money as I can. They can because, and you know what's coming and it's gonna come sooner than later. The 18th game is coming don't you? It's coming. They about to do away one these preseason game. You have two preseason game 18 regular season game. It's coming. So I don't blame the play up. Look, I'm trying to load up, I'm trying to get as much as I can.


I'm trying to get back to the table as much as I can. So when I get that 18 game, I get that extra check and I got that money, I got the extra money to, to pay. I'm okay with it. Yeah. So I don't have a problem 'cause I know, I know what's coming. You know what's coming. Think what? That deal doesn't end till 20. What is the new CBA up 20 20, 20 30. They got a long, they got a long way. They got a long way to go. And they already, they just went to 17 three years ago. Think about how long it was. They went from 12 to 14. 14 to 16. So think about that. And they about to go from 17 to 18 in less time.


Then they went from 12 to 16. Yeah. Hey it is, I'm listen. I really hope they get it done. Huh? I do too. I really hope they get it done. We need to get, we need, we, we, we, my Bengals, we need to hit the ground running week one against the Patriots at full strength week one. Set the tone on the season with a w week one.


Who doesn't love getting something for free? Labor Day deals have arrived at The Home Depot. And right now you can get a free Milwaukee 18 volt extended capacity battery, $159 value when you buy a select tool. Get longer runtime and more battery life so you can power all your fall projects. Shop Labor Day deals and get a free battery when you buy a select tool at The. Home Depot. How doers get more done. Limit one per transaction exclusions apply full eligible tool list in store and online.


Hey. Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from the Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Are you tired of your scented cleaning products? Smelling and cleaning, like meh. Then it's time for an upgrade. With the power of Clorox centa with an uplifting scent that smells like coconut. Clorox Centa gives you powerful, clean like Clorox, but a feeling like being transported to a tropical island retreat. Imagine putting your phone on do not disturb, tuning out all the constant, just the feeling of warm sand in between your toes and a fruity drink in your hand. The ones with the little umbrella. Refresh your home to feel like an all-inclusive vacation by getting Clorox Tiva also available in grapefruit and lavender Sense at a nearby retail store.


Attention parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've gotta check out Guardian Bikes featured on Shark Tank and awarded the Top Kids Bike in 2024 by the New York Times wire cutter Guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last. And make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a Guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


The chiefs didn't get what they wanted long term as a 2022 mid-season trade with the jazz that allowed them to acquire wide receiver Caius. Tony who was released this week, general manager Brett Beach, felt the deal was one of the best he's ever made. I don't think we're sitting here for a third straight Super Bowl championship had we not made the trade from that standpoint, we do it all over again in a heartbeat. I agree. In the fourth quarter, the Chief Super Bowl win over the Eagles. Two years ago, Tony scored a touchdown and another he set up a punt return with a 65 yard to punt return. Tony wind up playing just 20 regular season game for the chiefs. He caught 55 passes, scored four touchdowns, but one of those games was a notable injuries and dropped passes.


Beach added. We certainly dis we're certainly disappointed. I think he, I think he's disappointed. We really, or we really like the kid. And I know people have different takes on Caius, but I know in this building he's a bright kid. I'm certain, I'm certainly sure that there would be things that he'd do differently in regards to just some of the off season and the stuff taking care of his body. I think it's a process. I think he's a really smart kid. I do think he'll figure it out. He was actually a lot of fun to be around. I just hope the kid that he can get a little good luck on his side and stay healthy. What'd you think of Ojo? I like him. I love, I love him. I love Caius. A phenomenal talent. If you watch him play winner it at Florida, if you watch him play with the Giants, if you watch him play, he Didn't play well with the Giants.


That's why they traded him. Mojo. Stop Now. He was hurt. He, he, okay. Well you can't say that he played well with the, Wait let, lemme finish. Lemme listen. Listen now. He said he had, he had flashes of brilliance and, and, and greatness that I saw in college. I I, I enjoyed it. The N nfl, the Giants, they traded for the, listen, lemme let me finish, let finish. They, the chief traded for him based on what they saw in the potential on what he could do with the ball in his hands. Why did the giant trade him? There Was some good there was there, there was some good days 'cause of the injuries. There was some good days. There were some good days with the chief now except for those moments. Now you say it all the time, UNC, the game of football is about moments. Yes. Now the moments we remember about Kaaris Tony were big moments that interceptions important drops Lining up off sides.


It's magnified yet the off sides, it is magnified not only because the team you're playing for, but it's a Super Bowl champion team at that with arguably the best quarterback of all time on the team as well. So everything is magnified even more. But again, like the GM said, there were some good times we wouldn't have been in the Super Bowl. We would've had some of the, some of the opportunities we had if it hadn't been for his contribution during that time. Now it wasn't as perfect as we'd like it and, and it come into fruition as we'd like. But if he would be able to do the trade again, like he said he would do it again because of what? Caius. Tony was able to contribute. I do. I just hope he matured. Listen, yeah, obviously you need a little luck as far as staying healthy, but he needs to, he needs to mature.


Yeah. And you know, we all don't mature at the age of 21. Sometimes it might be 21. Sometimes kids come in, they're already mature because they had to be mature a lot sooner than they, than they really needed to be. And so you could see that right with the way they conduct themselves when they get to the NFL. Some kids they might take, they might be have to be 24, 25 and some never mature. They never ever get it. But I hope that, I hope he, because this is an opportunity. You waited a lifetime to be in this position. You worked your ass off. Clearly God has given you the ability, but he just needs to understand, he gotta grow up people. Ain't Finn babysit you. I'm not pay you an exorbitant amount of money and babysit your ass.


I need to be an adult. I don't think that's asking too much. I think he, I think he gonna, he gonna be all right. He gonna land somewhere. Sometimes a fresh tar to change the senior is all you need. The receiver room over there now is completely full. Sky Moore and Rashid Rice and Xavier worthy and Hollywood Brown. So I understand the numbers crunching and it, it is what it is. He'll get a fresh start somewhere else and once Arius Tony gets that confidence back and understanding I'm him because you were him before you got here. If I can get that Arius Tony that had that confidence at Florida, like, boy you finna get that work Don. How many guys you know in college had confidence be the n NFL is a different animal.


ocho. I know, but listen, especially when you get to the nfl, it's about one thing. It's about one thing you gotta understand, remember our game is 90% mental. Huh? Yes. It's 90% mental. Everybody is equivalent when it comes to skill and speed and all these other intangibles that we talk about. But once you got it up here, oh it's a Wrap. Well damn you said change of scenery. You said that when he got to the Kansas City chief change of scenery, now he's at Kansas City. If you can't play in Kansas City with that Andy Reed offense and he let them guys play, just go practice hard. I'll let Patrick Mahomes throw behind his back. I'll let you Travis, you know what I'll throw you, I'm gonna throw it to you.


You catch it and then you throw to Caius. Tony, I'll let you guys do anything you want. Just play hard. Well, damn Ocho right? Yeah, yeah. Hey, maybe that come may, maybe that's the part of the maturation about maturing that needs to happen. Understanding the significance of your role and how important those roles are. And sometimes you don't realize what you got until it's gone. Huh? Sometimes you don't realize what you got until it's gone. There Very many places you're gonna continue to go before you out the league Ocho, there are a lot of talented mocos that's on the street now. You know that? Yeah. Shit, I'm right here. I'm I'm I'm one Of 'em. Nah, you old.


You old. That's a young man's game there. They try hey, they start trying to rear rearrange their roster once the guys get to 30, so, you know. Yeah. Oh yeah. But that's the, that's the thing. I just think the thing is I wish somebody could get to him and talk to him like, bro, you not gonna get very many more opportunities. And the only reason he's getting opportunities, not ocho, he's a first round pick ocho. If this guy was a a fourth or fifth round pick sixth round pick it. It's over. But because, but You understand why first Round pick. It's like, you know what, and I'm sure a lot of people on had him high, some people took him off their draft board because of some issues.


Okay, that's understandable. He's not the first guy. He won't be a last guy that has some red flags and team took him off their draft board. That's okay. Everybody isn't for everybody. But when you get these opportunities, Yeah, you gotta make the most of 'em, you gotta make the most of'em. But you know why he gets these opportunities. You keep saying, we keep saying he was the first round pick, you know why he was the first round pick that motherfuckers could But they cut them. They cut them them too. Motherfucker. He's, he's You see a lot of first round. Yeah. And you see the guy from Minnesota nee the the the safety. Who the Georgia, all those talented guys, the bikers released him. Yeah. They cut first round picks when you don't play well.


Hey, you Know what I saw a list was the Georgia Alabama players. I think I saw a list of all the George Brown picks Georgia, even with the Georgia, Alabama and all of 'em were cut. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not sure what's wrong or where the disconnect is coming from with not being able to transition where they don't fit in the N-F-L-I-I. I don't. I It's weird Bro. I mean, yeah, I I think the thing is OCHO is that a lot of times yes they get great coaching. Obviously Kirby Smart's one of the best. We know Coach Saban, we don't really have to do a whole lot of talking about him but you Right. I mean everybody that goes to these big schools ain't going make it.


They just not, it's just, it's just, yeah, you going to get an opportunity because you went there. But at the end of the day, bro, you got a, it is about play. And that's the thing I really like about the NFA. Yeah. It ain't like college. You gotta, you got, you gotta be play. Yeah, you gotta be a ocho you got to play. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah, you can't, it was easy for You. You can't be a liability. You either for you because you got a brother Sterling Sharp couldn't catch no balls for the Broncos for me. That might've got like, oh, okay, he got a brother that was the first round pick. Oh, he's an all pro triple crown. Okay. Okay. Hey I give him an opportunity, but at the end of the day, what can you do for the Broncos? Sterling Sharp couldn't help them win no game. He was helping Green Bay.


And so that's how they look at it. I understand you went to these programs and you back to back national championship and you was a CC defensive player of the year. You hot bro. You need to show me that here. I know what you did there. That's why I drafted you. But I needed you to do some of that here. They not, Hey, in today's game, ocho, they can't wait because they're gonna have to pay you too much money by the, that third or fourth year. Yeah. Yeah. They Cut and bait. Listen, the, the, yeah, they got two, They cut and bait, They got two. They try, they they trying to find the next one And they gonna find the two ocho. That's one thing cut a they like, I thought y'all didn't have no money if y'all stop cutting all these players.


Oh, Oh, they got money now. They sure do. Don't let them tell you they don't. Josh Allen was chosen as the most overrated quarterback, damn as the most overrated quarterback in the league as a part of a part of an anonymous survey of 103 NFL players. And the survey conducted by ESPN 11 players voted Allen as the most overrated quarterback placing him just ahead of Jalen Hertz and Tua talk and, and Tua who got 10 votes of peace talk of Lo tour, one of the NFC players who voted for Alan ported ball security as the reason saying too many turnovers. So because he turns the ball over, but is he not good? Okay. But anyway, we get to that a minute.


Little too, Alan also who had the most total turnover in the NFL since he entered League 2018, which is 102. However, his 221 combined passing and Russian touchdowns during that same timeframe, his second elite only behind my homeboy, his 53 career Russian touchdowns are already second most in the NFL by a quarterback only behind Cam Newton who has 75 ocho. What's your take? Do you believe Josh Allen. Allen is overrated. My Fuck. No, he ain't overrated. Goddamn damn. No damn well he is not overrated now coming from his peers, and I'm sure this would probably, probably offensive players too that, that, that, that did this survey.


And sometime when it comes to these surveys, I try to think to myself, did players really vote on this? Did the players really vote on this? Because even the players, whether you play offense or you play defense, you understand how good Josh Allen is. Yeah. Despite the goddamn interception, despite the God turnovers, you understand how specially he is and what he means to the Buffalo Bills. So I, I kind of take stuff like this with a grain of salt, but I I do understand where they're coming from based on what he's done falling short in the playoffs. I could, I could see if you, if you brought, if you mentioned that and brought that up. Other than that man, half of the reason why the Buffalo bills have changed and got back to their winning ways outside of not reaching the Super Bowl is because of Josh Allen and the quarterback.


And I would add Stefan Diggs and being a part of that contribution as well and, and their success. So I'm curious to see how it's going to turn out this year without that type of, without that type of player offensively at the helm. So much of the load to me is gonna have to be on Josh Allen until, until Keon Coleman gets his self and a rhythm and gets going and they, they find that, that that rapport together in chemistry. So I overrated. No, I I don't like it. Who else was on that list? Who else was on that List? Ja hurts. Jalen hurts overrated. Well, I, I think the thing is he took a step back, whatever the case may.


Yeah, but he, He, he was hurt. Huh? Who cares about that Out the paycheck hurt. He couldn't even, he couldn't even run paycheck hurt. He couldn't even run ojo. You know when fans see that number one out there and they see hurts on the back that check. Yeah. He got paid the same whether he was hurt or not. Yeah. That's how it works. Nobody cares. Well if you hurt Ocho go sit down. Yeah. Because you can't use hurt as an excuse if you're gonna go out there and play. Yeah. Now listen, they started ten one last year. The kitchen sink fell out the second half of the season. Now I don't know if that was on the offense, but the games that I did see, that defense stunk that shit up back there.


Jay Herz had double the amount of super turnovers that he had the year before. So who's that on? Yeah, That's, that's o that that's on him. That's On him. He, He played bad and a lot of the things that was going on when people shout you a hater man. See you always talking about black quarterbacks. You never do this. I say what y'all doing, y'all accepting things to win. You never would've or lost. And then when the bottom player fell, fell out, man you were right. How you know? No, no me, y'all was dumping on me earlier. I tried to warn you because I'm just using, playing 14 years in the league studying, watching these guys. I'm telling you.


I said they go, hey, there's danger ahead. I'm, I'm the check engine light now I've been telling you, you know what ass that you, Hey you check in. I'm the check engine light and I've been warning you. So when it put you down side the road, what happened? Man, I don't know. You do know the check. Your light been on for two months and you didn't get a check. You didn't adhere to the warnings that I was giving you. But now when I got your undivided attention, when you at home at the playoff, after you got the brakes beat off you, now I got your undivided attention. Nah, nah, you wanna, now you wanna change it up. Well you always picking on Lamar, they ain't talking, talking about Lamar, I'm talking about the Eagles. That's what I was talking about.


We'll talk about Lamar in a later date and time right now let's address your Eagles and see that was the problem. I you know what? That's the thing Ocho people have gotten so used to lies that the truth sounds like hate. Oh boy. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on there, hold on. That's what it Is, Boy. Boy. That's a good one there boy. Hell no. People have gotten so used to the lies that the truth sounds like him.


Well everybody keeps saying, Shannon you hating. I need somebody to tell me a guy that's accomplished what I've accomplished. I've done my resume is picking apart 13 and five in the playoffs. Pro Bowls all pros, all decade. Player Hall of Fame. Tell me why I would hate on any player because only one player currently playing has as many Super Bowl as I have. That's Kelsey. So tell me the players that I'm hating on. I'm waiting. Oh, what y'all gonna do? Y'all wanna, y'all wanna compare me to a quarterback? Y'all wanna compare me to a defensive tackle? I mean, what y'all wanna compare me to? I ain't got no problem Kelsey. Better than I was. Better than I was. I got what I could out of my ability.


I ain't gonna never hate, but I will tell you like it is. But you ever notice, like I tell y'all when these these players that y'all think I be hating on when they see me bump you hard but you fair. You call it like you see it. So what y'all be saying, y'all be see y'all fans and I get it. Hey, you supposed to support your guys but I ain't got no dog in the fight. My job is to be, when guys play well, I say they play well when guys play bad. When Patrick Mahomes was playing bad, I said he played bad. Y'all ain't have no problem with that. Oh the, I gave him the nickname, the homeboy, they had no problem with that.


But y'all come up with every excuse. Oh, they should have run the ball. Oh, they throw the ball too much. He ain't got no help. Well damn he ain't had no help in one MVPs. But when he loses we gotta blame somebody else. No, I'm just telling you, you turn the ball over the playoffs, you gonna lose you going home. It's really simple. It's always been like that Ocho and you pay double in the turn up. Yeah, you play, you pay double for turnover in the playoffs. Double in the Play playoffs. Yeah. So I'm gonna keep telling y'all the truth. Y'all know it, but I, I get, I don't Does he turn the ball over too much? Yes, yes. Oh yeah. That's what's holding them back. But he ain't overrated. He ain't overrated.


Not, not He not overrated. Two things can be true. He can be a turnover machine. Yeah. And he can still not be overrated. So I think sometimes we conflate the two things together and say, well, because he turns the ball over to so much he can't be that good. No he that good. You don't put up the numbers. I mean think about it, he second, I mean Josh Shannon's only been in the league about five or six years and the man got 53 Russian touchdowns he's gonna have, think about it, a quarterback with a hundred Russian touchdowns, this guy's gonna have a hundred Russian touchdown by the time his career is over ocho. Which is crazy. There ain't a whole lot of running backs that got a hundred touchdowns.


This guy's A touchdowns. Yeah, There's a chance this guy might have 400 passing touchdowns and a hundred Russian touchdowns, which will be crazy. Crazy. Insane, insane. But at the end of the day, you know that position is measured by one thing OCHO playoffs. Yeah. And wins it rains. That's it. That's it. Don't you? All that other stuff you can throw for a gazillion yards. Hey, when it come time to the playoff, you better throw for a gazillion yards or you better find a way to get your team. Because that's what, like I said, the thing that's most impressive about Brady is that Brady was in the first couple of series.


He could tell what type of game he needed to have in order to win. Right? Oh man, this, hey, this is gonna be a nip to game. I can't turn it over. Okay. A hundred fifty, a hundred seventy five yards with no turnover is gonna win it. He says, I'm not gonna beat, I'm not gonna beat my team. I'm gonna let somebody else help us beat them. That's and that's what you gotta gotta do. That's what Brady, Brady was great at that he knew. Oh, okay. Alright boys, let's go. I'm gonna have to throw for 400 plus today or I'm gonna need to throw for 1 75 in a touchdown and keep the ball outta harm's way. And I don't think enough court, right.


Mahomes has gotten good at, look at that over the last couple years. We normally used to see a mahome throw for three, 400. Look at that. Look against, look at the game that he had against Philly in the Super Bowl. Did he throw for 200 yards in the Super Bowl show? No Efficient decision making at his finest This year. It took moment time. I think you got 300. But critical. Yeah. Critical. Critical moments. Not turning the ball over. That's what you gotta have. That's what you, that's it. It really comes down to it in moments. Play big in moments. Don't turn the ball over. Let them, let them help you beat them by them turning the ball over.


The Volume


Vitamin Water is from New York. We needed a drink that can keep up with the music scene in the city. We gotta see our favorite DJ perform in Brooklyn at 3:00 AM or sing karaoke in the village also at 3:00 AM Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 ionic five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Are you spending a fortune while shopping on Amazon? What if I said you can earn cash back while you shop? Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app, whether it's fashion, electronics, or groceries. You can earn free gift cards just by shopping online or in store at tons of your favorite brands. Download the Drop app now and start earning while you shop. Plus, for a limited time use code. Drop one one to get $5 in points instantly.


Hey Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. After a summer of fun, it's time to get your home ready for fall. There's nothing better than stocking up on all your favorite household items and saving now through October 1st Shop, in store or online for items like Crest, value packs, VIX DayQuil and NyQuil combo packs. Pampers baby wipes head and shoulders, bare and swifter pet kits. It's the perfect time for some last minute summer savings. Offer ends October 1st. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.