
When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo,


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock Up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from all and Cottonelle and Dinner Essentials from Daisy, Skippy, Hellman's, and Barilla plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details,


The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location. Boost Mobile to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


It just goes to show you, can you imagine if LeBron, because Luca is really the only guy that LeBron is truly trusted to have the ball exclusively in his hands? Yes sir. Now we go back and says, You know what, if LeBron had somebody he trusted and he didn't have the, have the rock in his hand and he can do what he doing now, spot up. He can get to the high, he can get to the high part, the high pick and roll, or he can whatever he can slash he can cut. You see what he's doing at 40. Oh yeah. So imagine LeBron at 25 and 30 and he has a Luca that he doesn't have to worry about sitting him up.


He doesn't have to worry about running the offense. Luca can do everything that LeBron does and LeBron gets to focus on just this. Yes, yes. What do you think his numbers would have been? So now he doesn't have to worry about facilitating. Now his assist total might be a little lower because he's not gonna have the ball in his hand primarily that's gonna go to Luca. Right. But you see scoring and the, and the percentage in which he's shooting. Go back and look at since Luca's arrived, look at his three point field goal percentage. Look at his field goal percentage. Look at his point total. That's crazy. Everything has increased because You know what?


A lot has been taken off of his plate ocho. He doesn't have to worry about facilitating for everybody. He doesn't have to worry about all that other stuff. He can just say, Luca, you have that. Let me lay, let me get like three run outs a game. Right. Let me get a couple of dives to the baskets. I hit a couple of threes. Hell that damn near 20 right there. But it's, it's been unbelievable to watch. Yeah. And like I said, I'm, I'm old enough to remember a lot of the great players I saw Magic never saw, I saw magic in person once. But most of the time, I mean to see Bird and Magic and Hakeem and all these great players and now the Steph courage, the kds and all that stuff to see these guys play LeBron, Kobe, Shaq, I don't think we gonna see somebody else get 50,000 ocho.


I really don't. 50,000. Right. And plus ocho, here's what we're saying. Yeah. We're under the assumption. Huh? We're under the assumption that he stops playing. Who's to say this thing is not gonna be 52, 50 3000. Yeah. He can keep going. Especially with Luca at the helm now, You know, look, Lu Luca could take it, take all The pressure off the car. Oh he could easily play another two three. Oh Yeah, Absolutely. He could easily play another two to three years. Yeah. The question is, he says keeping his mind sharp because he's been soldier to that routine and I don't believe Savannah is putting the pressure on like, Hey babe, you need to come home, blah blah blah.


Come Home. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He like, no, because you like, Hey bro, I know what you like when you, when you home, you gonna be mood as hell. So I could see LeBron legitimately Ocho, I could see him playing another two to three years. Absolutely. And I wouldn't be surprised if that were to happen. But at the level that he's playing at, he's playing at a extremely high level. And it's great to see Ocho, Kevin Durant and Coach Bud got into it last night. Check this interaction out Ocho during the time out earlier in the game, coach Bud hold a grabbed K's arm in an apparent attempt to pull him in for a conversation. But KD pulled his arm away. Then they engaged in a brief animated conversation before Party Wave.


KD spoke about it after the game. Let's take a listen to what KD had to say. Yeah. That's what usually happens when you don't know the dynamics of a relationship. You know, you catch something on tv, you get a quote and now you pushing that narrative is as if me and Bud don't do that shit all the time. We competitive as two individuals who want to see things done the right way. And sometimes my way ain't the way that Bud want to do it and vice versa. And he allows me as a player on the team or veteran on the team, or voice my opinion. If I, if we both didn't care, we would never have stuff like that. You know what I'm saying? So I am glad that the wind is gonna sweep all that stupid stuff under the rug. 'cause they couldn't, people couldn't wait.


Even some people in Phoenix in here couldn't wait to run with that. You know, and sell this is, this is the reason why the team ain't playing well 'cause that specific thing. But come on man. That shows that me and Bud really care about trying to right this ship and trying to win basketball games. So he understands where I'm coming from. I understand exactly where he coming from. It's just the people on the outside don't know the dynamics of the relationship. So, You know, in order for them to get some attention, they going run with with stuff like that. You heard it? Yeah. He says, Hey, sometimes I see things one way Bud don't see it that way. Right. Sometimes bud see things one way. I don't see it that way. We have a difference of agree. We have a different of opinions and hey, he cares.


I care. We trying to get this ship righted and and he's right. I mean look, they make it seem like that's never happened before. I've seen coaches and players, they shove each other at all. Yeah. Curse all that kind of stuff. It happens. You get two animated testosterone, testosterone driven men that I believe what I'm saying is right. He believes what he's saying is right. Two people can't be right. Maybe a two things can be true. Maybe you're right and maybe he's right, but at that point in time we don't see it that way. I want you to see my point of view. Right. Nah bro, I need you to see my point of view. Right. But all, I don't know what happened, but I know KD went crazy in the fourth quarter and they was down 23 and they won the game.


That's what I do know. Listen, the funny thing about it with the sons, listen, when you're losing, everything is magnified. Yep. When you are losing the way they are, even though they won that specific game, everything is magnified. Unless you played organized sports in a structured environment, you'll never, you'll never understand that dynamic. You'll never understand it. That goes on all the time. Especially when it comes to a player of that magnitude. That's great. And you have a coach and a coach wants to see you do your best or if you're not playing to your full potential, they gonna get on you just like that. Yep. That happens not just at the, at the, at the, at the elite level with NBA players, NFL players. It starts even when you are young, the problem that you gotta worry about is when you have a coach that cares about you and he stops talking to you and he doesn't try to correct you, he's like, he's not on your head and trying to get you to do things the right way.


That mean he doesn't care. So what I see as a former athlete, stuff like that happen, it resonates with me because I've been in that situation before with Hugh Jackson getting on me on the sideline of course. Because I'm trying my hardest, Hey, I, I fire back. You know, I talk, I talk back a little bit. But You know, hug man, you, you would grab me by the neck man, don't play with me. Yeah. Not today. You, You, you from, you from Compton. Hey you don't play. You know, Man, you a damn fool. You good people, but you good people. I like you. But You know what? You right, you are absolutely right with a, a lot of times like, You know, in the heat of the battle, you forget like, man, I, man, I shouldn't do this in front of all these people 'cause it's 70, 80,000 people watching.


Right. And there's cameras everywhere. You forget sometimes though You do forget you, you absolutely forget. According to, I always try to be mindful, You know, Hey, let's get this behind closed door. I'm just gonna give you a look. You mean like that look you gave me when you thought I was late on first date like that. Hey, hey, hey. Nah, that was, that was like, like coaches like, Hey bro, look here. I won't allow you to say anything to me. Mary Porter didn't say right Port ain't never called me no more fo she ain't never called me no SOB. So now if you think you can call me that now You know what?


I'm gonna take this uniform off. I'm gonna whip your ass. 'cause I know I ain't gonna be here. But all that, all that, all that stupid. You know what, I don't play that. Nah, gimme that because nah, I don't, I don't, I don't play like that Ocho I don't. So we had, hey, we just had, I had a great understanding. Hey bro, don't, hey, come on now. Right. I, I ain't your kid. I got kids. You got kids? I got kids. You just can't talk to me any kinda way. You Gotta do it the right way. I understand. Trust me. Tell me what I did wrong.


I'm not gonna make that same mistake twice, but you're not finna call me dumb. You know, you stupid or, or more. Nah, nah, nah. No. I can't get that like that. I ain't, I ain't Finn to hold you. Y'all always talk about sensitive all you want to. But I, I I'm big. I'm huge On respect, respect, respect. Yeah. Oh man, I, I give it to everybody. I give, I, I believe every man or woman deserves a certain level of respect. Yeah. Now when that level of respect dissipates, it's best that you and I go out separate ways. That's okay. We don't look, we, and then sometimes Ocho like when you on a team, you ain't gonna get along with everybody. Yeah.


Hey, you do your thing. I'm gonna do my thing on this field. Wha wha wha wha Hey, when the whistleblower is tired to go out certain ways. Yeah. Go on my, I about In the locker room. Hey. Like I don't even know you There it is. Like I don't, there it Is. Yeah, There it is. All this man, you ain't bro, he was a teammate. You not, you not buddy buddy with everybody that's on your team. No you buddy buddy with everybody in your work office. Y'all go out to lunch and do happy hour go to each other's crib. No, that's, I mean, some, some guys are close like that Ocho they are. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Some guys not, this ain't college where you see, You know what I'm saying?


I will pass the guy in the hallway in the going to class or he might be in the same class, bro. A lot of these guys, they got families, they got kids and y'all, You know, we, we on different wavelengths and that's okay. Right. We just trying to do the same when we at work, hopefully we got the same goal. Ojo to try to win as many games we possibly can. That's it. Once you go home, Done deal. Yeah. But I'm not making too, I'm not making too much out of it. With Acaia has happened, like I said, I've seen coaches, hey coaches and players, man I seen I college, I've seen a basketball player beat the basketball coach.


So now we had to go pull him up off him. I aint ocho ocho when I say he beat him down Ocho, when I say he beat him down. Right. He must have said something slick. Huh? I don't know what he said. And because I, You know, I, Hey, You know I'm looking out the bathroom with it. I see him arguing. Right. I'm like, because I ain't never seen Look Ocho I seen players and coaches argue in that setting. Yeah. On the football field, on the basket. Okay. That's one thing. But bro, we not, we not in that environment. We not on the football field. We not on the basketball court. Right. And you, you argue with me like we just two ninjas in the street. Right. So I'm like, but damn.


I said man, let me go on down there for something pop off. So I go down there, I'm just, You know, I'm, it ain't got nothing to do with me. So I really shouldn't be. The next thing I know Woo. W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W. Oh Joe. I like Okay, you probably asked for it because first of all, you don't live on campus. Right. But you to bring your ass back on campus after practice is over to come back up here and front this man, you probably was getting what you deserved where I intervened when he started kicking him, putting feet on him. Oh yeah. I said no, I can't let you do that. Yeah, you gotta you gotta go get him. I Had to get, I had to get him up off here and they're like bro now and look here I coach go ahead on now because if I turn this man loose after I done got him up off you, That's on you.


That's on you now. Round, round two. Go ahead a I said, hey, I called my other. I said, Hey man, man get get coach up outta here Ocho when I say he whipped him. Yeah. Hold on. So that was the coach, he, that the player was part of the team? Yes. Hold on. Was the player allowed to remain on the team after that? Yeah. Oh, he Must, he played a couple of, I think he ended up, I think he ended up leaving on his own but he didn't kick him off. Oh, that must have, if I'm not mistaken, I think it was the coach fault. Okay. So he must have been a star player. He was, he wasn't a star player but he was a good player. He was a decent Player. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. But my thing is, if I'm a coach, here's the thing.


Yeah. If you let a puppy lick you in the mouth, you better be careful 'cause he gonna grow up to be a dog and he'll bite you. Mm. Man, Boy, when you Uhuh, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Boy, that was a good one there bro. Who? Right? You know I don't, I don't go nowhere without it now. Yeah. If you let, if you let Let a puppy lick you in the mouth, he'll grow up and bite you when he become a dog. See if you put yourself on that level. See, the problem that the coach had is that he put himself on that level to be with the player. So the player no longer looked at him as the coach.


Right. Ooh. He looked at him as like, like a, a car, like another player. Let a puppy lick you in the mouth. Ooh, that's a good one boy. And so that's why that's Ocho that's why with kids, you stay up here Ocho. You don't say, oh, that's my friend. Oh that's my best friend. Right? Me and my daughter, me and my son. We like free, we like best friends. Ain't no we not. No, no we not. I tell your ass up.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network. ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health


During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Yo Jeanie Buss says Anthony Davis wasn't happy. We have, we we have lost the last three years in a row to the Denver Nuggets in the playoffs and we really didn't have anything that was going to look different going into the playoffs. Again, Anthony Davis was complaining about where he is being played and he wasn't happy. So I think this was a positive for both teams. They got what they were looking for and we got what we were looking for. Ocho. Yeah. Do you believe that was fair for Jeanie to say? I mean no. I mean, well kind of, kind of to give him a reason. Remember, so you like, you like for people to be honest, you like for people to, Hey listen, listen. Speak the truth. That's what you said. I I like for him to be honest that that that was very transparent.


That is why the, that's why the deal was made. Listen, 80 80 wasn't happy. Obviously he didn't show any type of emotion. He didn't, he didn't show that any signs him of him being unhappy, especially on the court. He went out there and did what he was supposed to do. But if you, if you're not happy and you keep things behind closed doors internally, this is what you get. They didn't give you your wish. Now you got your wish. Just so happened that Luca became available and it worked in the Lakers favor. Okay. You not happy love. We gonna do your, we going, we gonna do your solid young bull. We gonna see you over to Dallas and Luca's gonna come over here and both parties are happy. I'm, I'm sure. I'm sure he is happy now.


Well I mean outside, outside of being injured. Outside of being injured Me and I'm trying to be like AD wasn't asking you to go get him Joel and beat in Cola Yoic. Yes sir. Just give him a able-bodied person. Right. So he can slide to the four a little big and then the last five minutes of the game. Yeah, I'll play the five. Okay. He don't like being down in the five. If you look Ad's Best Years he had it with Boogie. Yeah, boogie was at the five. Yeah, ad was at the four. A Boogie was, If you go back and look at JaVale McGee at the five, Dwight Howard at the five ad at the four. But when it came down to crunch time, a SL ad slid to the five five.


Yeah. And a lot of times LeBron was the four man. But he played the point that was oj But here's the, here's the kicker. Ocho, in order for this deal to get consummated ad had to waive there's no trade clause. Yeah, yeah. Everything she, everything Jeanie bus said could be true. Yes sir. But considering the man could have held this thing up and Nico probably takes this deal to somebody else, just keep that behind closed doors. Oh okay, okay. Okay. Well but listen, at this point this, this is good. Maybe, maybe we get more owners being transparent and being honest and coming out and say, well this individual wasn't happy so we granted them exactly what they wanted.


Hey, there ain't nothing wrong with that. It probably, it's hard for me to now, it's hard for me to see a scenario OCHO where this wasn't conveyed to them at some point in time in the process. Ahead of time. Yes, I'm gonna come when he was at the Pelicans, right? Yes, for sure. Okay, okay. For sure. Because if you go back, if you go back and look at it, they had the JaVale McGee and Dwight Howard. Right. Ad's first year there, they won the championship and you blow that up. Why? Why would you not? And I get it. I mean like I said, I don't think, oh AD was asking for a, I need a top five center. He just weed somebody that could eat up the minutes.


So he doesn't wear himself down, down trying to bang with Yolk, trying to bang with him bead trying to bang with those big bodies. Let those guys now the last five minutes I got you. Right. Don't even worry about it. I got you the last five. Let me add it. I don't really think, I don't really think that's a bad thing to say. Yeah, he said it on several occasions. His last interview with I I, I don't know if it was Dave McManon or or shas, but he said, You know, hey I would like to have a five. I think that's all we missing. Five. Let me slide the four, the last five minutes of the the game. Hey I get down in the game, I got it. Yeah. Yeah. I just think the thing is for me, me personally, like I said, hey everybody's entitled toward their opinion I think but a DB in his class as he was, 'cause he could have held it up and said, nah, I ain't waving my trade clause.


I came to la I'm gonna stay in la. Yeah. And then now Lucas maybe somewhere else where the trade doesn't happen. Now you get a bonafide superstar for the next 10 years. Right. In Luca. So I, like I said, I just, in some, some situations Ocho it is okay. It is is so, it is okay for you to just sit on the truth. It it, it doesn't hurt anybody if she keeps this ocho Is anybody harmed if she keeps this? Because what, the way she says it, it makes it seem like, well we were kind of looking to trade ad because he was starting to complain and it became, started to become an issue. Right. You see what I'm saying? Yes sir. I just think a situation like that, just sit on that information, You know it and that's, hey, that's how you feel.


Right. Got no problem with that. But it's so, it's okay if everything is not, is not brought up. Everything is not mentioned because ad a ad ad's played well. Yeah, he's been, he nicked a couple of times. I mean, but, and it ain't no harm in, in losing to you talk about one of the great players we gonna, it is gonna all see what it's all said and done. We'll see where Nicole Yoki rank. But y'all make it seem, who the hell y'all think, I mean the Lakers put some, put somebody out every year. The Celtics were putting people out every year. Yeah. Jordan was putting people every year when it's all said and done, Yogi gonna be gonna be up there.


He has three MVPs in a four year span. He's probably gonna finish second this year. Who to say he doesn't win another one or another two or wins another championship? So losing to Nicola Yoic ain't bad. Ain't bad. Right. That's like Toronto said man every year, man we, we lost to LeBron. Really? That's what y'all feel bad about losing to LeBron every year. Right. A lot of people lost to LeBron or losing the step or losing to one of these other great players over a extended period of time. There is nothing wrong with that. Ocho Kyrie was helped to the locker room after an apparent leg injury. He stayed in the game and drained two free throws before leaving the court with Kyrie.


The question is, Ocho, you wanna put that the Mavericks game up, Kyrie playing this kind of and he has to ad's out and you traded. No that's and you traded Luca. So now and you out outline live lively and you're without Daniel gaffer. So he's having a log minutes try to keep them afloat until ad comes back. But you're putting a lot of, you're putting a lot of, he's gotta do an awful lot. He's gotta facilitate, he's gotta score. He does. That's, that's, that's a lot. But listen, when you, when you think about what he has to do with ad being out a player like Kyrie of of his, excuse me, of his caliber. That can, that can run the off offense, that can set things up, that can facilitate, that can get hot on any night.


Especially when he has to score, when the onus is on him to, to lead the way Kyrie can do that. So when you say it's a lot, it's a lot to ask of him to do. And he's the type of player, he's one of the ones that left Cleveland because he wanted be the head dog. Right? Right. So listen, this, This is your chance, this is the chance can, But he's finding out there's a lot more, there's a lot more going into it Ocho there's a lot more going into it than being the lead dog. Now Yeah, you gonna score a bunch of points, but at the end of the day people gonna be looking at you like, bro, what's going on? What about that team? I See you going with it. I mean he's averaging the third most minutes per game in his career and he's doing it as he's starting to get older.


Normally the minutes decrease. You play, if you go back and look at Kobe, you look at LeBron and you look at Jordan, they're playing 39, 40, I think one year LeBron played 42 minutes a night. Jordan was up there, Kobe was up there. But as you start getting 30 now you start coming back. Whoa, whoa. I need to be around somewhere between 35 and 37. What's he averaging now? He might be averaging 35, 37. 37, 30 Minutes, 37, 36 0.6, 37 30, 36 point. That's a lot of minutes. And it is because You know there's a difference between playing 36 minutes and you got Luca running shotgun with you playing 36 minutes and you got ad 36 minutes and you got KD harden 36 minutes and you got LeBron because you could be out there on the court for 36 minutes and you can coast.


KD gonna get buckets. Harden gonna get me buckets. Luca will get me buckets. LeBron ad bro, when you out there with you, you got to work. You know, sometimes I don't show you show up at the job, you, hey, you just show up. You just there. I ain't doing no work today. I'm talking to everybody because hey, I know everybody else gonna do their job. It ain't like that right now with Kyia Dallas. Yeah. And they're trying to do everything they can to kind of stay in the sixth spot. Don't have to do the play in. They'll avoid the play. You know, if you're in the sixth spot, you avoid the play in. And so they're hopefully, I'm sure they're hoping they can get ad back at some point in time.


Probably have him reevaluated in the next seven to 10 days and see where that goes. But I wish Kyrie a speedy recovery ho hopefully it is nothing serious. What was it was, did he hyper extend it or did he step on somebody's foot and twist his ankle? Which, which one was it? I see it though, Joe. Yeah, even, yeah, even, I mean, even even on the replay, I still couldn't tell no what had happened. But he could, he couldn't put it, he couldn't put any weight on that foot. It was, it was his right foot to, You know, to be exact. I'm thinking with them half the way they helped him off the court. It wasn't a hyperextension. I think he twisted his ankle a little bit and I I'm not even gonna talk about my rib. Oh, he stepped on the guy's ankle and his knee kind of buckle a little bit.


That's unis I think. Wasn't that Valentines he stepped on? Yeah. Yeah. He stepped, he stepped on it. He stepped on his foot and he Hey, that, that, hey, that's one of You Don tell me nothing. I know. I mean, you, you a hooper, you a hooper when you step on somebody's ankle and your eyes are, are looking up. So you're not, you're not, you're not ready for it. And, and the foot is already relaxed too, so you getting all, all that man. Ooh, that's feeling. But hope. Hopefully it is nothing major. Hopefully it's just a little, a simple little tweak. Couple of days red, some ice.


And Kyrie will be able to come back because without Kyrie they're 32 and 30 right now. Where are they now? They're 10th. They're in the 10th spot. That's the play. That's the last spot for the play in. Yeah. It's not looking good. Which will be even worse for Nico Harris if they, if, because at one point they were where they were, I think they were in the fifth or the sixth spot and now all of a sudden ad comes in, have so much promise, he goes out and now you slide and you miss the playoffs and Luca and them are in the playoffs. They go from seven to two. Yeah. And Nico, Nico Harris gonna look crazy after that.


Huh? He looking crazy As it is. The Dallas Mavericks raised ticket prices, site investments. The Dallas Mavericks revealed that they're raising the season ticket price next season. I think about an average of eight little, almost 9% just weeks after dealing Luca to the Lakers. The Maverick says season tickets will go up by 8.61%, which is about 9%. And the increase is due to ongoing investments in the team and fan engagements. One fan tweeted 30 days ago, the Dallas Mavericks traded away their homegrown superstar called in fat and laughed in the fans' face about it today they decided to almost double the prices of my season tickets from the past couple of years. The new ownership is disgustingly out of touch.


Hold on. Not not, not only are they out of touch, can you, can you gimme a better reason? What team, what business actually raises prices mid-season? No, this for next season. Well even Oh, oh. They Give you head up. Let say like my granny used, say, boy save your Penn up so you can get it. Oh, they let let You know ahead of time. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I'll get ready to say But that's, that's slightly disrespectful. I I don't, and look, if the, they had kept Luca and say we gotta raise ticket prices, I don't think fans would've had anything to, had nothing bad to say about that decision. OCHO because it is Luca home. Because normally you wanna keep your homegrown, homegrown guys. Yeah. Especially if they wanna stay. Because a lot of times they get, You know, you see Zion, he wanted to leave ad wanted to leave.


LeBron ended up leaving KD ended up leaving Russ left. Right. Harden left Reggie, Jack, I mean so and so forth. And so the list goes on and on about you getting these guys and then them leaving Luca from all, from everything that I've read and people that was close to him that knows him. He didn't wanna leave Dallas, the fans didn't want him to leave Dallas. Now if you ask Phil fans, they might not be so disappointed if you trade Joel and Bead considering his injury history and he's missed as many games as he's played. I don't think the fans was disappointed. Right. When they traded Ben Simmons considering the regression that they had started to see in his play.


Luca, we saw no regression. We only saw Ascension in his play and they traded him. And after you trade him, you have the unmitigated goal. You have the audacity to bring your ass in here and talk about you raising prices. No, And and listen, I and You know what, You know what also when, when Nico, when Nico Harris makes a move like that, one thing that you can stand on is hoping that whoever you trade for replaces the product that actually left. And it makes the fans forget about the trade. Yeah. Based on your production and what you do. But he's, he's been out and then to say what you say, what's gonna happen next year? What you raising prices? Well hey, how about y'all fix next.


How, how about you fix this season first, fix the product on the court. This ain't no fixing that Season because then we weren't worried about it. We wouldn't have a problem paying for next season if what we wanted and we were getting was on point this year. Well, Ain't no fixing this year. This is your team moving forward. The question is, how soon does ad comes back and what's the severity of Kyrie's injury? Because if both is down for a substantial amount of time, this season is over, this season is over. You're not gonna be without four of your top six, seven guys and think you're gonna be make the playoffs. That ain't happening. They're, they're, they're a good team. They're not that good.


No team could overcome being without say, a Kyrie or ad a gaffer a lively. That ain't happening. So the only thing they could hope is hope and pray that within the next seven to 10 days they can come back and they can go on a little run. 'cause they're not, it's not like they got a whole lot of game. It's not two months left in the season. Don't, Joe. It's one month left in the regular season. Yeah. And they need to figure this thing out. Yeah. But it's bro, when you, when you, when first of all fans like we already being pinched. We already being pinched. You see they cutting jobs and, and, and inflation and eggs and gas and milk and these prices are rising.


The cost of rate, the cost of a family is rising. And bro, y'all just traded the person that I wouldn't mind paying $500 a game to come see y'all traded him and now y'all are asking me to pay seven 50. No, hell no. Hey you, you think about, you think about you look at the landscape of the NBA on and you think about prices on how much tickets cost. There are two or three players on every team. On every team. I don't care how you, how you, how you look at it. Where fans that, that, that, that put butts in the seats. We about two or three players that actually put butts in the seats regardless of what the price of the tickets are. They make you forget about it. They make you forget about the economy. 'cause I know what I'm getting.


Once they go watch these boys play And you need superstars because of the NBA look, it's all about a superstar. That's why the Lakers try to move heaven and earth to try to keep 'em. And for the longest time they've always had 'em. They had, I mean when they was in Minneapolis, they had George Micah and then when they come to LA they had Baylor and they had Jerry West and then they make the trade, then they get Wilk and then a couple years later they get Kareem and then they drafted magic and they get Bob McAdoo. Right. And they draft James worthy and then they make the, they get Shaq and then they make the trade for Kobe and then they get LeBron to come. That's what the Lakers do. You have to have superstars. People wanna see superstars the best of the best or what they'll do.


You'll sell the building out when those superstars come. So when Steph Curry's only coming to your town, it's gonna sell out. When LeBron come, it's gonna sell out. I mean when Jordan was in the league people team, you already knew Jordan gonna be a sellout. Kobe and Shaq gonna be a sellout. LeBron never was gonna be a sellout. You knew that, bro. I wanna sell out my, I want my home games to sell out regardless, because we playing. Not that y'all coming, not that y'all coming, y'all coming to see somebody else. Right. Hey, can you imagine what the price of tickets were courtside when Kobe and Shaq? Oh My Gosh. Were together.


Can you imagine what the, the price and I know the, the price is probably extensive now and I'm sure it's going up since then. But can you imagine what it was? Especially, well especially come playoffs or or big game. They play San Antonio or they play, You know, they, who else was, was a rival of theirs. Oh, Sacramento was a rival of their, when they had Chris Webb and they had Jay Will, right. The the sons. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But but now That's crazy Boy Luca Luca first game. Hey. Yeah. Which, which is Cor side was Huh? Just, just matter of fact, when you gimme the price of COR side right now for a Lakers game, use a NFL player's number currently right now.


Don't tell me the number. Just gimme a NFL player Jersey number for better contact. 'cause I don't wanna hear the price 'cause it's going me man. Well you be mad. Don't, don't, don't piss Me off. First of all, they got, they got Luca and LeBron so the tickets are already gonna be high giraffe Hoohaw to begin with now. Okay. Think about when his first game he played Dallas, now it's his old team. Yeah. Everybody wanted to see that. So probably you're probably looking at about closer you go to center court, the more expensive the tickets you probably was looking at about 25, probably 25 ticket for Senate court.


Okay. Okay. I thought I thought it. Now you go to the playoffs. Honestly, I thought it'd been worse than that. No. Okay. Okay. But 20,000. But at come playoff time, you dealing with the Lakers. I mean you like some tickets on your, you go sit court side 5,000, $2,000. That ain't happen in no Laker game. Nah. And it also depends on the city you go to. Yeah. And the food. Now you get everything you mean you all the food free. But consider what you paid for that ticket. It should be Right.


You know, access. I had had season tickets and you made me miss all my games. Ocho. Wait, how did that make you miss all your games? You Could just took the game because you started game With you that, that made Because you started Nightcap. I listen, I started Nightcap. But what you could have done is, is we could have been a part of a consistent routine of going to the le game, sitting courtside. You could've sat there and taught me, You know, the intricacies of The game side. How am I gonna sit, how we sit Courtside and we coming on after the game. What are you talking about Gi I know Jenny bus, she would've gave us a private room in the back. We could have set up our Nightcap stuff right there after the game in the stadium.


Can you imagine? Nobody's doing nothing like that. But anyway, that's just, just an idea to throw throw at you next year. Good. I I gotta, I gotta save my penny because What you saving for? I don't wanna work by I I don't wanna do this for the next 10, 15 years. I done told you about saving the past two years. You talking about flying private. Ain't No private jet Now all you flew private telling me what? So you ain't fly private. And I told you it made that way. There's no need to waste that kind of money where you can get to the same, same place from point A to point B on another airline. You know, conversation. Because you, you Told me I, Yeah, I wanna enjoy myself.


Let me, oh, so now you done did a 180. Now I was about save Money myself. So now I gotta, I gotta save. I I like it. I I like you, I like, I like the growth. Now if we can get the growth in other areas and other facets of your life, we gonna be all right.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you but, but like, I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what Meaningful Beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Galaxy A 15 by T-Mobile


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year. Meat Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets. Eat Smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Lalo Ball is a name to watch on the trade market this summer following Luca DCIS trade. NBA executive round the Leaves has a expanded their horizon on which potential stars connects to change teams. The availability of Hornets guard Lalo Ball is one of the stars. Several executives who spoke with who hype will be monitoring on the trade market this summer. OCHO should teams be interested in trading for Lalo with its injury history. Oh, see, You know what then Now that part, now when you say that it may, it, it makes every part everybody pause. It makes everybody think you take away his injury history again. Okay, let's say you take away his injury history. Let's talk about what lame Ball does and gives you when he's on the court.


He's likes out, huh? He's box office. He's one of those individuals. You know what? Well, if the tickets are $800, You know what? I don't mind paying $800 because I know the Miller Ball is on my team. He's on our team. I know what I get when I'm coming to watch him. I'm gonna get my money's worth. Now, once you factor in his injury history and what happens when he is out time to time. Ah, You know, now, now, now you, you perceive a caution to the win. Now that's the bad thing. But listen, anybody can get hurt. It happens. It's the game of basketball. It's not a, it is not that much of a vi as a violent sport as football, but it's very physical injuries are gonna happen.


Especially, and You know, Lalo small. I mean he what, 6, 7, 6, 6 8 really thin frame his ankles or Fra I mean he might have to go through that with Steph. Remember Steph was the same way Steph stayed injured. That's why he got that little main contract and then he just was able to stay healthy. That might be a situation. Might, he might need to reach out to Steph. It's like Steph man, how did you, how did you like these ankle injuries? How did you, how did you eventually get over it? Because man, there ain't nothing to play with. You're talking to a guy that had ankle injury. Yeah. And hell, I thought I was gonna have to retire at 26. Man, my my, my stuff was bad don't you you talking about step on somebody's ankle?


Yeah, I could literally step on somebody's ankle and my, it would blow up like a cantaloupe That big And the worst part was doing it on the road. 'cause guess what? I gotta get on a plane and fly back home. You know what happened when you get in there with that pressure sw right up, You know, I wore those, I wore those, those stockings, You know, I put those on both of my legs to keep the swelling down. 'cause I sw a Huh? The black one, the white ones. You know those white one? You know those, those nurses Stockies? I know somebody. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bad. I had those things on Ocho, man because bad look here. I get on that play, man. My, my knees and ankles swell up.


Yeah, Man. Because I remember I was in, in, in Baltimore my last year, Ocho I got my knee drained every week. Whoa, wait a minute. Every week, Every every week they drain the needle. Pull out The first, the first time I got, the first time I got both of 'em drained. Ocho they got about 130 ccs off both ankles. I mean both knees. 130 C. Yeah, I know how much 30 Cc is. How did you even practice? Did that move it Around? And I, the thing they gave it off. I'd take, get the, I'd get my knee drained about three hours before the game.


I would ice it, try to keep the swelling down, then they would, You know, put hot packs ocho. So I get, get some, some mobility in there. But I was getting, I was probably getting 30, 40 ccs drawn, drawn a game, Man. But listen, You know what, let me listen. I, I I, I thank I I thank God for being able to play for a long time with no injuries. You know, I, for as long as I played and as reckless as I played, I got hit really clean. One good time. One, one clean hit in 11, 12 years. Outside of that was everything was basically normal. Like man, unc, listen to some of your, oh, How the pig no joke, your passion.


I get something done. They like, I don't know y'all. I say if I, if I shoot it up, could I be able to play right. Shoot it up And you Get shoot it up you out and go both shoulders bad. I separated both shoulders man. They put about three or four shots in they two shots of this with two shots of that one man I was doing jumping jack. Wait a minute. How you separate both Shoulders? Rich just sold Dave Dorson. I caught a seven route Safety. Gotta Be safety. Both car. He was with the bears. He went two boat with the, the bears. He was with the carter at the time. So he landed on me crack, I hit the ground crack.


He landed on top of me crack. Wait, so you, you did both at the same time The whole week. Hey they put that medicine in there. Yeah. And you was good. Did you, did you wanna do better? Lemme tell you what I did with your soul. We played, we played the Raiders. And I feeling good too. I feel good man. We ran a tall crack. We had a forced crack.


And it was Ronnie, right? It was Ronnie. It might have been Ronnie. I push up the corner, the corner retreat, here come the safety Right Man, I hit that joke. I forgot. Oh Joe, I forgot. Because You know, normally if you got something hurt, you hit it with the opposite one. Well, both of mine messed up On the side. So I just say A so I just say it is what it is. Wow. Right O your tears just start coming down my face. Ah Boy. Abe boy. I think OI don't know if you ever had that pain, but it feel like electricity go through your body.


Oh yeah, yeah. I know what you want. It's like a pinched nerve. That pinched nerve, that pinched nerve feeling. Oh, I did like this here. That's a Greek. I'm done. Yes. After that you done, Man, he knocked. Oh, that's medicine. Out them shoulders. Hell yeah. I was done after that man. So, so I understand having to deal with injury history for two years straight. I shot up my ankle every week. Sometimes I had to shoot up both of them. It gotten so bad. Ask anybody that was in there. The skin started to come off my ankles From getting it, from getting it shot up so Much. It had completely discolored it.


Like I had vitiligo, it was like as dark as I am. And it was just like pure yellow. Right. Pure. I'm talking about like white, right. And that, that's funny. People, you, you, you talk about stuff like this and everybody look at the glisten and glamor when it comes to athletes and then you sit down and you're able to hear stories like this. Oh yeah. About sacrifices and the things And we do it all over again. That you gotta go through. As broke down as I am, I'll do it all over again. I'll take my black ass right back out there. No, hell No. No regrets. Yeah, Absolutely not. That's that's a lie. Oh, you look, if you play this game long enough, there're gonna be times that you're like, man, I don't know how, on Sunday or Monday, Tuesday, I was like, man, I, I ain't no way in hell I'm gonna be able to play Greek, but Greek, right?


Greek and Tess would always like a sharp, just, just think positive. Hey, we got, we don't have to play today. If we had to play today, you probably wouldn't be able to go. But let's say you see how you feel on tomorrow. Let's see how you feel on Thursday. Let's see how they kept that positive. I was like, Hey, Sharpie, how you feel? Man, I feel, I, I feel better. I think I'm, Hey, I might turn the corner. Right. You know what I'm saying? Joke, because I wanted to play ocho, man. I know. Look. Yeah. I ain't gonna have no 20 year. I ain't no doctor, no lawyer where I can have a 25, 30 year career. I got a finite period of time. Right. I'm gonna try to maximize it. Yeah. And they, they let me know all Shannon, You know, you shooting up, blah, blah long term. I said, bro, bro, let me worry about that in 30 years.


Right now, I need to get out there. I got people depending on me, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first, like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice, or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, and Kellogg's Eggo Waffles plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.