
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume,


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player props and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers new draft King customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant account. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


The seven Seed Warriors are favorite over the Rockets to win the series per draft. King, the Warriors are minus one 90, the rockets are plus 1 55. Are the Warriors a lot to beat the Rockets? Joe? I'm not sure if they a lot now we going off experience then obviously You know they got Houston on that. Houston got youth on their side and they gotta use their advantage man. They gotta make them guys work. But You know when you got guys like Jimmy Butlin, Draymond Green, and obviously You know Steph Curry, it's gonna be tough to beat them man. They got them role, them role players around them playing great basketball. So it's gonna be, that's gonna be an interesting series.


It's a lot of series I'm looking forward to and that Rockets and, and Golden State is going to be one for the ages having But here the thing that concerns me about the Rockets, who's your go-to guy, right? They haven't been, they haven't been in this, the Warriors have been in these situations. Steph know what it's like to play championship basketball to get ready to win a title. Draymond has been there, he knows what it's like. Jimmy Butler hadn't won but he's taken team to the NBA finals. He knows what it's like and they're role players now. I don't know what's going on with Commingle. Didn't really play Moody got the assignment. Yeah, so it's gonna be very, very interesting because you played with a team that understands what is, what these moments are about and what they're like versus a team that's extremely athletic.


Excuse me, Smith and you got Dylan Brooks and you got Jalen Green, you got Van Fleet, you got Apple S Goon. He's for real. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Draymond gonna have his hands full with him now. Yeah. And them boys playing and and them them rockets. They playing hard. Man, You know, inmate dunk. Ido, he gonna have 'em ready now. They ain't gonna be scared of nothing. No, nah, No they ain't. You know, I think the fact, I think the fact that they are young Joe is why you can't, you can't have 'em have 'em as a law. They play, they playing on both ends of the court and I think the pressure for them, especially when you're that young, you just out there playing basketball. Yeah. You just out there playing basketball. You're just out there having fun and doing what you need to do. And I think they have the Warriors to win, obviously not, not only because of Steph but because of the experience.


They've already been there before. But it's, it's gonna be a good series, a very, very good series. They got, they got a whole, I think it's Gonna se it's gonna seven two now They but Joe, they got a sur they got a whole serve at home. Yeah. Talking about the Rockets. The Rockets got a whole serve. They got. Yeah, they do. They do. Because that's gonna be the confidence booster if you can win the first two games at home. Yes. And then after travel to, You know, golden State to, You know, to try to get a win. But man, I I, I just like the young Rocket team, they play hard to fearless and You know, they know what it's like to play the Warriors and because they've played 'em pretty well this year. Yep.


Yeah. Hey, hey Joe. Unc if they, if they come out the gate in general and win the first two games at home, well it can get spooky. It can get sp spooky. The one thing, the one thing about the Warriors, the Warriors won't panic though because they've been here. I remember a couple years ago they went down to Sacramento and they had to go to Sacramento and win game seven and Steph Curry had one of the great on time performances. He dropped 50 on them in a game seven. Yeah. So the Warriors are not, look, you lose the first two games on the road, all they did was hold serving home. The the series doesn't start until the road team wins a game. Yep. So all Houston would've done is protect their home.


They did not let the Warriors come in and invade their territory. So we kept 'em at bay. Now can we make an advancement into their territory by stealing a game at home? Now, now Rockets are saying all we gotta do is just hold servant home. If we went all for it home, we advance. The Warriors are saying we gotta get, we gotta find a way to get one. All we gotta do is get one at home, get one on the road. Yeah. And I think, and we like our chances and I think that first game for the Warriors will be probably one of the best games for 'em to get because they young team in Houston, You know, having to understand you are the two seed.


You, you are the one being hunted. Like you gotta understand and know how to protect that. And you can't wait to see what the intensity is gonna be like before you have to rib it up, like go to state. They gonna already know so they know. Yeah. The rockets, they, they cannot lose on their home floor. They gotta protect, they gotta protect the house and I think it's gonna be a, a hell of a series. Yeah. Golden State said we already played the playoff game. We beat Memphis. That was, even though it doesn't go towards anything, but that was a playoff type atmosphere because hey, the one thing we didn't want to do was fall and now we are out. So hey, let's just go ahead and make it light on ourself. And plus I think they like their chances better against the Rockets than they do the thunder.


Absolutely. Absolutely. Hey, listen, listen, I think they definitely take the Rockets because of, You know, they, they they know and understand the moment and they know that the Rockets will be a little inexperienced even though they're gonna play hard and they definitely gonna make it competitive. But You know, the Rocks definitely got the, I mean the Warriors definitely got the team who I think they were seeking out to get in the playoffs. Yeah. Joe, let know what you think about this. Brandon Jennings, Jeff Teague, Lou Will and Pat Bev have all gone at it over who can win a one on one? You know what you, what's what's your take on this bro? You know Pat Bev went to University of Arkansas.


He'll, Razorback. That's my guy, Jeff. Hey Jeff. Teague my guy. I know BI know Brandon Jennings. But if you playing against Pat Bev, y'all not going finish the game bro. If you Think you gonna listen, if you Think you going out for that man, hey man, you gonna have another thing coming. That's why he, that's why he calling for all the smoke. He called everybody out. Yeah. It's gonna be tough. But if I had to take somebody out, probably take Teague. I think Teague, he's a little, probably a little younger than all them and he still got a little UNC in him, You know what I mean? Yeah. He's playing probably pretty regularly. I know Pat just came from overseas. Yeah. But Pat is a disruptor.


You know he going to jump the game up. You better hope he don't hurt yourself while you playing him. Like, it it going be it going, this ain't gonna be no walking no front pastor ain't got no conditioning. Pastor said y'all don't work out like that. He said, I'm still in the gym, I'm still getting up shots, I'm still running. So he going that look, he gonna be playing that pressed up dog. The defense on him and it's going weigh down after a while. Gonna take them legs. That's what he banking on. He he gonna tell you, he gonna talk you at your game. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hey, you wanna throw your, you throw your name in the head, Joe. You want some of that one-on-one at you? Whoever wants some smoke? I got it over here for him. You hear me? Yeah, I, I wait. Hey, call me out. You want to, I, I heard, I heard Brandon Ginger say something, but I can't even, I don't get no strife for playing Brandon Jennings.


I don't get no strife for beating them. Shit. I'm 6 8 2 40 cut up. You hear me? Now? One outta here Joe. You going back to the big three this year? Yeah, I'm going back to the big three, man. I just got off a call with them guys yesterday. Umm, teaming up with the Detroit Amps, coached by George Iceman. Gerd. Okay. Oh, that's live. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm looking forward to it, bro. I've been playing in this, I, oh I've been playing this 2019 since I've been done with the NBA and it still gives me a chance to, You know, stay in shape, get to compete at a high level, get to play on a, on on, on a huge platform like the big three.


I think Ice Cube and his and his running mates, Jeff and them, they've done a great job with the big three. Man. It's been fun to be a part of actually. So. Yeah. Yeah. You know, as we get up in age, man, we still got, You know, we still got a little something left in us, man. We still love competing. That, that's, that's the one thing that never dies. Nah, competition compete. It never goes anywhere. And it, and it's hard, it's hard to fulfill it. Do so, hey, it's hard to fulfill it, but for three on three half court I can do at least. So about 50 I can do that. Hey, hey, hey Joe. When, when? From Big three, right? What's up? Every, everybody, everybody is forming NBA players obviously. It starters. Yeah. Now anybody on the bench coming off the bench, are they just casual people that, that can play the game of basketball or, or no?


No. They, well, he, he, he, he let a few guys in a few seasons ago, but ma mainly they ex NBA guys and guys who played overseas play professional overseas. Okay. Okay. But You know what, with being in this different space, man, You know a lot of these YouTubers, it's a lot of 'em who got game bro. And he's actually, You know, let a few of 'em play. So it's been fun. Okay. It's been fun to see, see them. It's been fun to see them get a chance to, You know, go out there and compete and have fun and You know, help, help grow the game. I like that. What you think, UNC? Should I get out there or no? Oh, Ojo. Yeah. Yeah. Ojo. You got some games? No, boy. I used to drop, I dropped 56 in high school my senior year.


Every game. Every game. Every game. 56, class six, eight. Miami B, senior high 10 man be on their line for no reason, man. What's wrong with you man? I'm joking. Hey all, listen. Hey, the, the, the footage is right there every game. 56 every game. I can see you. Hold on. 56. Hey look, no listen, UNC, you laughing, I'm telling you what I did. Now I'm not gonna lie to you. Like 56, 12 and nine. Almost every, almost every game. I didn't hit it one lagging 'cause I had a flu. I had to had like my own little flute game. But you ain't, you didn't play, you didn't play, you didn't play in college. They should have brought you to play football and basketball.


You Nah, I, I, I couldn't. I couldn't, I couldn't. I had to focus on one thing. 'cause You know, if you're going, if you're going to make it to the highest, the highest level Yeah. And be at 1%, you gotta choose one thing. So I chose football and actually football wasn't even my thing. I wanted to play soccer. I just didn't had the resources joke. I didn't had the resources to, to play soccer where I come from and soccer still my first love. It still is. And You know, I got stuck with football. I, I did pretty Well. Well you play Joe one-on-one. Who? Me Joe too. Love, man. I boxed Joe ass out man. Stop playing with me man. Look, look Man, listen. I set it Up, set it up and I ain't gonna do a whole lot of talking.


Just set it up. I fought up. Don't Chad, y'all wanna see that Joe? Take on Joe. Don't Joe, Joe, don't do it to yourself. Don't don't do it to yourself, man. Chad, Chad, Chad. Y'all wanna see that? Yeah. Yeah. You ain't got a chance playing knee, Bro. I'm, I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you something now. See what Joe is doing. He's 6 8 2 40. Not realizing I'm 6 4 2 10 right now. Right. I want you to do me a favor, right. Ask Russell Westbrook. Ask James Harden. Ask d Wade. Ask Carmelo Anthony, what happened to them? All them time They thought it was a joke and they was gonna beat me based on size and experience and being professional basketball players. You played in Harlem One, you played. Oh, Got, they got got they ass whooped got whooped.


And I called out names. So they can't, there's nothing they can say. I'm calling out names. I'm I got receipts. It's right here in my phone. But outta respect, I ain't post nothing. Mm Yeah. Okay. I'm like that. I know at all three levels. You said he got them pills on his wall. Man, listen, I, I ain't believe nothing OCHO say. I gotta see it. Set it up, set it up. When you come back, when y'all come into Atlanta, just go set up. We go stand up. We gotta do a whole lot of listen. We, we don't listen. We don't even have to wait. I go, I, I go to Gainesville this weekend. I watch my daughter run Friday, Saturday and Sunday. I can leave Gainesville Sunday and come to Atlanta Monday and spend a week out there. Is that okay? Hey Ocho? Yeah. Ocho.


Don't throw me with a good time, baby. Hey, I like a good time. Don't throw me with a good time. Hey, I'm be on eight. Don't threaten me with no good time. Yeah. Hey, matter of fact, Joe, you can take, I've been asking her to take me to Magic City to take these wings. I keep in about the wings at Magic City. I, We go to Candy Land too. We go to two chain spot Candy Land. That's two chain spot Restaurant. What you trying to do, man? You trying to hit the city up? Man, listen, You know, I, I come, I can count on two hands how many times I've been that Atlanta. And right now It all depends on what you trying to do.


Six I I I'm trying to eat. Oh, I'm trying to eat. Oh. Hey, the funny thing, Joe, the few times I come to Atlanta, I don't do nothing. There's a, there's a Cuban restaurant on Beauford Highway. Yeah. That I enjoy. You close to my, you close to me. Ooh. Beautiful highway. Yeah, it's a Cuban spot right there. I go to Dan's to get my cigar. Mm. I sit on the patio. I sit on the patio and Smoke. Well, Tan's not on Beaufort Highway. Danana on is on is on Peach Street. Oh. I just said my Cuban spot. My Cuban spot. I like to go to and get my sweet plans. My Ric on Leche. Okay. And my Roco Steak and Rice and Sweet Plans. It's on Beaufort Highway. The the other spot I go to is Danner's to get my cigars. I go to the gym and that's pretty much all I do.


Well Beauford Highway used to have, they used to have Shooter Valleys. I think that closed in Foley's was on Beach Beaufort Highway. What? You was a big strip plug guy. Huh? I just said I business out there. I'm saying you do, you like us, You know me. Hey, nah, I, I have gone in my younger years, I done got older. Now I ain't got no money to, You know, to just be across the that. Yeah. You go, I'm on. I, You know, back in the day you had, you had to go, You know, Hold on. I'm just catching on. So Candy Land wasn't a Soul Food restaurant? No. M So they got some soul, they got some soul sisters up in there.


Yeah. But no, that's, that's two chain, two chain spots. Okay, okay. That's okay. I ain't even know. I ain't know about that. Ain't know. But You know, always like when I go, 'cause I know Mash 25, 30 years, I always patronize Jim. And now that I know chains got a spot. Hey Escobar es you ever been to Shoe Chain spot off on, on Peter Street, Escobar? Nah, I ain't restaurant. I ain't been there. I ain't been there. I'm about to go check it out though. Yeah. The food, the food like that. I seen Chain quite a bit. I ain't been there. I ain't been there though. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I I like it. They got some good food. They, they, I tell you what, whenever we go, when I come back down there, Joe, we gonna hit it up. All bet.


Bet, bet There you don't live down there. Joe lives in Atlanta. I'm from Atlanta, But I don't, I've been asking you to take me to Magic City to try to wait like I tried to take you. You talking about you was asleep. I was, I was asleep. You know, listen, The crowd. Hey, hey you go. Hey, hey, hey. How go? Hey, I'm tell somebody wasn making a thing man. Come down here and grab a little something. Here. Go hit the city, man. Okay. I'm, I'm ready. I'm ready. Not listen, you got to make sure, make sure I take a nap during the day. Oh. Because if nine o'clock, You gotta make sure you take a nap. You the one that know we got planned.


The hell you talking about. Make sure I take a nap. Hey, it's it Joe. It's hard for me Joe. It's hard. I've never been, I've never been a person that goes out, You know, even like, even, even during my younger days. Yeah. You know, 9, 9 30 I'm up five, five in the morning I'm up. No alarm clock, no nothing. So now it's even worse that I'm a little older. I gotta take a nap during the day before I even do Nightcap. Well You go right here before I even do Nightcap, man. Like it's, it's bad. It's bad. 'cause I'm, my body is, is, is, is, is is programmed to be sleep by 9, 9 30. What time You normally up? 5:00 AM No alarm clock. Yeah. No alarm clock at all. I didn't go for the, I didn't go for the music.


Where? And the wings? Nah, no, no, but food. Hey, I'm telling you the food and magic be like that chain. Say he got some, I went to another one. Yeah. Escobar where I had the, we had lamb chops. What is, we had Jordan tur Turkey ribs. Oh. He got some Turkey ribs. Hey, hey. It's a little different. It's different. It's a little different around here. I know the food be fine now though. Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Them lemon pepper way. I got them lemon peppers from Magic. Yeah. Hey, You know what I just thought about man, Joe living You what Joe? Live in Atlanta. That's is bad. Yeah. Hold on, hold on. I wanna say nothing. Joe. You're not married, are you?


I ain't married, but I'm happy Ocho. Okay. Okay. I I just listen, I was just gonna ask you, I just, I was just gonna ask you how you able to maneuver in a city like that? With, with with, with the aesthetics and the visuals. I, I, You know, as opposed it's like living in Houston Ocho, I got great self-control and discipline. I, I, yeah, me too. Hey, I run a high yoga studio Ojo, so, You know. Okay. Oh yeah. That's even worth Joe. Yeah. Yeah. But the temptation Right there in Front of you. Hey man, listen. I done been, I done been there, seen that. I, I done done all that O Joe. Ain't done all that done Joe. How old you Joe? How old are you? 40. What? I'll be 44 in June.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Yeah, see, I'll be, I'll be 57 in June, Joe. Damn. Okay. June what? 26. Oh, you cancel? Yeah, I'm the 29th man. Boy. I know. Something about you. Something about you. That what I'm talking about. What You know? Huh? What you, what you mean With my birthday? Ja. January 9th, 1968 Capricorn. Man that my son's birthday. For real. My son, man, 18 years old. His birthday is January 9th. Hey, that's my dog Boy. You, you wild boy though. You wild boy.


I know you wild boy. My son 18. I know. Hey. Nah, I ain't, I ain't wild no more. I ain't know. I listen, listen, I, I just got saved not long ago 'cause the, the last thing was wearing off. So I, I'm, I'm good now. Whatever. I got baptized Good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm damn. I'm, this is, I've, I've come a long way because I, I tell people all the time, the best teacher in life is experience. And I done been through it all Joe. I been through, I, I done, I done sat down. I didn't, You know, I, I done wait away Flag. You come a long way. But you got a long way to go. You ain't finished That, that too. That, that too. Yeah. I'm, Hey Joe, I'm happy just like you.


Right, right. I'm happy. Yeah. What gonna do, baby? You, you with that? You, me, me, me, ocho we happy over there, man. When you going? Yeah. Yeah. What? You know, I still, Hey Joe, I still wanna know who Michelle Is. I know. I, Hey, hey, listen, listen. We all, we all, everybody trying to figure that out. But I ain't gonna even get you biding like that. I ain't going get you biding like that, man. I'm Well, we want you happy though, huh? You know, for, for a nominal fee, we'll have an unveiling on a, on on Nightcap. Oh. How much? I don't know, Chad. What y'all can, what y'all can conjure.


But here's the thing. Even if she wanna reveal herself, nigga, y'all gonna say that ain't her. So what we gonna, what we doing? Why, why would we, why wouldn't we do that? Why would we Think you love y'all? Would, you guys would believe it. But, but the chat's not gonna believe it. I mean, if her name is Michelle and she shows ID and proof, there's really no way anybody can go against that. It's all about having receipts. But they gonna say that ain't that Michelle, he just found somebody. Well, a actually, we can play the video and ask her to re recreate the sound and we'll be able to tell it. That's her and I, I Think you should do that. Do that, do that Repe what's he waiting by two 20. You say?


Nah, no, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I, I mean, I gotta start doing my, I'm start doing me 300 pushups to be able to have them two 20 again. You know, I think, Hey, we about, we, hey, we about the same size right now. How much you weigh right now? Me And you? How much I weigh right now? Yeah, 2 55. Okay. Okay. Okay, Man. No way. You, you ain't close to that man. Nah. Hey J. Joke, There ain't no way you No too all muscle, too. All muscle tooth. Oh, you do. Hey, you do realize we the same size. Huh? Man, please, please. You see This ain't, man, I, I would stand up but I ain't gonna do it to you.


Dope. Because You know, I'm, I'm really in the gym really hard. Right. I'm really in the gym really hard because when we do a live Show, when we, when we hit this road, when we hit this, when we hit the show, we going, we gonna know, we gonna see. Oh no. You know, You know when we, when we do Baltimore, I'm coming out with no shirt because we coming out when I'm coming out with no shirt. And then listen, Ash, I know everybody can hear, right? Yeah. When Unc and I come out for the Baltimore show, we have to play the whistle from Omar on the wire. That's how we come out. Oh, Hey. Yeah. No shirt. No, just, just, just Hold On being bbo. How You, how you happy? How you trying to come out there with no shirt on?


Omar coming. I'm talking to you. Ocho. Oh me. What happened? What you mean? Why you trying to come out there with no shirt? My baby say, can, can I come out with no shirt? She said I can come out with no shirt. And I mean, You know, we good. We good. He say, Hey, it's all that. I'm just trying, listen, I'm trying to show off the work that I've done. The discipline, okay? The structure. You told me, you told me I couldn't get as big as you. I'm almost there. And June is two months away. Mm. Ocho what do you see? Point to point. Look at your clavicle looking mind. Look at your shoulder. Look at you. Look at your cap on your shoulder. Look at the cap mind. And you do under you do understand. You do you do understand.


My shoulders look like this 'cause I'm aerodynamic. No, You could be dyna all you want George fo with this man. Man, listen, we have, we have different, we have two different frame, two totally d different frames. Yes. You know? Yes. Yeah. But I'm just saying, but what I can do with the frame I do have, I can put on as much weight and as much, much can as possible. Ocho you only gonna be so big a cheetah. I don't care how much meat a cheetah eat. He's never gonna weigh as much as a lion or a tiger. Mm. That's not his makeup. Right. That's not your makeup. Okay. But I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get big. I'm gonna get big as possible. Just like I couldn't, I couldn't be your weight.


If I'm your weight. I'm three months past dead. Yeah, he, oh, the first thing he gonna say. Oh, he on that zippy. Oh, he got that thigh yard able you, Hey, you Think you should have muscles if you on flex, huh? Yeah, man. Yeah. You know, You Know, come out with your shirt, that Shirt. Listen, I'm telling you, you're not understanding. You're 46 about take it off your shirt. Who, what's wrong with taking off my shirt? Man? Sit your old down. Oh look. 23. What? Talking about I, I look, I look young though.


I look young. I feel, hey, I feel young too. What? I look like I'm 57 coming out door with two grandkids. Hey, but hey, both of us come out there with no shirts on. No, I'm in Baltimore. You nervous? Don't be nervous. You weren't nervous when you was on camera. When? Well, Michelle. Oh, there you go Joe. You faced LeBron in the playoffs many times. Is there a difference between regular season LeBron and play LeBron? Yeah. Yeah. It is. It's, it's definitely a difference. He definitely revs it up a notch. And you can always count in a series.


He's going to explode. He's gonna have one of them games. You know, I remember playing in Brooklyn and we played them. You dropped that 49 on y'all. Woo Boo. They won the first two games in Miami. We won game three in Brooklyn and game four. He really had 50. He missed a, he missed the free throw. The free throw did 50. But was that the game that Paul Pierce said he wanted it? I don't, I don't remember. I know now, don't get me wrong, Paul, take a challenge now. He was, he, he's a competitor. He was an ultimate competitor. And I'm sure he probably started off on him. He probably did. But it was, Hey listen, it was never, it was just like we played great defense and he'd make a tough shot. It was like, damn. Like he just realized how special he was, man.


Like he had that one game that just kind of took us outta whack. So you look at them now, they got three guys that can handle the ball, can facilitate for everybody else, but they can also go get their shot. We know Luca, Luca has the second highest scoring playoff. He averages 32 points a game. He increases. And that's what the great, if you look at all the great players, look at their regular season and look at their postseason averages. It increases. Look at Jordan, look at Kobe, look at LeBron. Look at kd. Look at Steph. That's what, that's where you make your money. Yeah. So LeBron understands he has a great situation and like there's never been a series on his own team that LeBron was the second best player.


Right? Think about that. The guy that has 42,000 points more playoff points than anybody in the history of the game. And on most nights he's gonna be the second best player. Who do you send to him? It don't matter who you send to him, he's going, he's gonna find a way to manipulate the game to where he's very effective. Whether it be 13, 14 assists, 17, 18 rebounds. Right. Anywhere from 20 to 25 points. Like he's going to dominate the game in, in, in every facet. So, so y'all ev everybody got, Luca is the best player on the Lakers right now.


He is Joe. Yeah. He's, he's the best I'm gonna tell y'all. So I think bro gonna really take, like, I think he gonna take the, the initiative, his game to another level. Yeah, man, I think he's, he's still going to be great. I think Luca's gonna be, he he's definitely, You know, gonna be great as well. But bro gonna cause a lot of hazard. Man. I think people are kind of just overlooking him because, because him and Luca, our teammates. Right. But I, I, I see him putting up some great performances. This this postseason. Right? I I But here's the, You know what I'm thinking? I think what Luca done, I'm not gonna be sh I'm not gonna be shocked now that LeBron plays 25 seasons because guess what?


He got somebody to handle the ball. He got somebody that can handle the scoring if he's off. He in ar is gonna be, I can see LeBron maybe one more year had Luca not come. But I can see LeBron playing two or three more years Joe. Oh definitely. Definitely. Because he don't have, You know, a huge load on him offensively to where he has to score 30 a night. See now he can, he can sit back and average 22, 24 points a night and You know, still be super effective. You know, helping ar helping Luca just being that decoy just by being out there on the floor. Yeah. And the funny thing about it, if Luca does have off nights, it won't happen often. LeBron can actually pick up the, pick up the slack and they still need a big, I'm gonna keep, I'm going, I'm gonna keep saying That that's, that's, that's a wrap.


They they gonna have to be strapping O Joe. This this. They gonna to be strapped. They got what they got and they gonna have to play life size guys for where they switching a lot and just cause and habit. That's what, that's how they going to rolls it. But they got guys that can make tough shots. AR is played unbelievable. Averaging 25 and four play. Great. We know what Luca, we know what LeBron are. The question is what can we count on consistently? Can we count on Dory Finn Smith to give us somewhere 12 to 14? Gabe Vincent can he hit two or three big time threes van do, can you play great defense and give us six to eight points? Yeah. Jackson Hayes bro. Hey we need you to keep, we need you to keep wash the glass because we are not gonna run plays for you.


Right. We gonna, you gonna be need to be a law threat and we need you. Hey get it off the rim. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think those guys definitely understand their roles and they understand the timing of everything at this point and and the opportunity that's ahead of them. So You know, if worst case they won't have to see OKC until the western conference fight. So I think they in pretty good shape. They control their own destiny. They can come out and You know, put up what they're supposed to. Yeah. Do what they're supposed to. They'll be all right. Especially take care of own. Baylor has to replace their entire basketball team. Every single person that was on the roster from last season left the school.


Nine of the 14 are in the portal. Mm. Joe how we fix this? We see the kid from Tennessee. I'm a leave because you should have known by the name. I'm a believer he didn't but Joe, I mean you see he going to get 2.4 now he wanted four. I don't believe he's going to get that. It seems like UCLA nobody's gonna give him that because they're like, where you gonna go? So now OCHO remember I told you Yeah I sure hope he got a $4 million offer lined up. Right. Because if he, whoever advised him, his dad right, his agent, his cousin, whomever, they did him a disservice.


Yeah, they did. And obviously UNC for, for a minute. I thought normally especially somebody like that, if you're as good as you Think you are or you snatched up the next day, it's not gonna problem. I got it got to a point where I thought the college were in cahoots. I thought they were in cahoots trying to prove a, prove a point and not give him a deal or not signing him. You know? 'cause most of the time all the money is already taken care of. All the money is accounted for. Yeah. At this point. But obviously him going down, him going down to the UCLA, I'm, I'm sure they gave him something. I know it's nowhere close to four. No, you ain't got nowhere else to go. Why would I give you that?


He should have stayed at Tennessee. Huh? Exactly. We live in different times man. We living in different times. I, I don't even know how do you fix, You know the NIL because what it seems is it's just no loyalty in it. You know, guys are just going wherever the bag at it. If you tell me you got a bag on them there Joe This's what the coaches do. Coaches do it all the time. They do it all the time. I, they get a better offer somewhere. They, they Out. I know man. But these are kids and it's hard to, You know, 18, 19 years old man making these type of decisions bro. Right. Like, You know, this is tough because once you get there, if you going there for the money and they gonna turn out how you plan, then You know, you can only blame yourself.


Right. But I couldn't, I couldn't imagine man. Could y'all imagine, You know the, the money being like it is in college when y'all was coming out, when y'all was coming outta high school, ocho, can you imagine going to college and they type enticing you with this type of, You know, money. What would it be like? Man, I don't a, I ain't gonna lie to you. I'm gonna take less money to go to a place that's going to, that's going. I, why would I go to a team to run the Wishbone if I'm a receiver, I'm gonna go somewhere they going, they gonna showcase me because at the end of the day, yes I want get money but don't you Right. I wanna go to the NFL have college. Yeah, most definitely. College was not my ultimate destination. Right. To NFL Live. So if I go to a place that don't highlight or showcase what I can do, nah.


I don't even think, I don't even think some of these kids thinking about the NFL right now, they at this point because You know in football what you gotta go to school at least for three years anyway, right? Yes. So they not even thinking about the NF nfl, they're just thinking about how can I make the most money right now. Right now, freshman, sophomore, junior, whatever the case may be. And it works out for some but it's gonna hurt a lot of them guys man. But You know, a lot of times though Joe, when we grew up it didn't take a whole lot of money. It didn't take no means for us. Hell you could have gave us 10,000 that no. Yeah. Make 10,000 a year. You imagine somebody just hand me $10,000 and say we gonna give you a thousand or $2,000 a month.


Stop playing. I guarantee you we got a house with running water. The next hey tell Oh I had, I got that Pell Grant every month for 2,900. Boy I thought I was bawling. Hey balling. Yeah. I should get a Pell Grant. I get a Pell Grand every month for 2,900. I should send my mom about 1400. Keep the rest. I'll be bawling for a couple weeks. Next thing You know, you look up, you'll see me in the cafe. Yeah. I'll be back in there eating that. I be back. You could tell when everybody got their work. We got work study. We didn't get PE good, we got work study check. Yeah man, everybody, they going to get the wing. They eating a red Lobster.


They going to ride to get that buffet. Yeah. Gym two weeks. Hey everybody got them trays up in that line. Ain't s me. I ain't gonna eat the line. Boy. Look, I was eating out buying fuel clothes. You getting low? You see me in the calf? Don't worry about it. What's up guys? Hey yeah. Hey, during my, You know my junior year, my brother go to the league so You know. Hey, ah man, dang. Y'all better have something good kaf. If y'all wanna see me. If y'all ain got some bull drive up in there. Ah nah I'm going to McDonald's. I'm going, hey, I eat, I 'cause back then Burger King, we had a Burger King like it was walking distance on campus.


Right. Yeah. 99 cent. Remember those waffles was 99 cent. Yeah, I used to go to Wendy's, get them 99 cent cheeseburger. Double cheeseburger. Yeah. Yeah. I know somebody that sign to go over there and gimme a little sludge. Hook me up. Lemme give you a little slush. Don't act like that. No. Hey the favorite place we had a, we had a little off campus spot called a blue note wing. They cook wings, they cook givers. They cook livers with that Texas toast. Yeah. And there was a a, a young lady used to work there named Ante. I get on that payphone. I'm like hell yeah. I was like iste there. This you Shannon? Yeah, I said hook that. I said ante hook it up for me now. Okay. Don't tell nobody. I ain't tell.


Hey, I ain't tell nobody till like 15 years after I done left Savannah State. Y'all woke up for the bus. My hustle. Oh, you did it for Sharp. Hook me up. No. Hey, when you in college, boy, hey it was a struggle. Hey you had to get in good with somebody who worked at one of Absolutely Restaurant Man. Different Had some fun Days. I had had a plug at McDonald's. Sam Hillary used to hook. Oh she was assistant manager. Hey Big Mac 20 piece nugget, large fry, supersized fry. I can eat back then. I can't eat that now. I could be hard to get up off you now. Yeah, bad I could, I can't eat like that.


That's why I don't know how OCHO ain't hollering about some McDonald's. He be eating all the time. Joe. Check, check this video out. This guy, this is McDonald's guy getting a haircut for a thousand dollars. He got his haircut for a thousand dollars. But look at the barber going. He he went, he went to the barber shop up. But But look at the barber though. Look at the barber. You Getting bar mad please Man, I wish I might, She messed up his head. Did she mess up his head? I don't care what she did. I'm not paying no thousand dollars for no haircut. I mean, what else come with it?


I don't want it. Okay. I know something else come with it. Hold On. This is a female who cut his hair. Yeah. You, yeah. You, you. Yeah man. Like he got a Super Bowl. Nah, I come for a service. I want that service. That's it. Right. That's it. But we don't Know. What if I get, if I'm coming to get a facial, I want the facial and I'm out of there. I'm getting a haircut now. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Joe cuts my hair. So I'm, I'm good on the haircut. But massage therapist ain't no no, no. Happy in it. Ain't none of that. No Hell no. Nah. That's how you get in trouble, bro. We, yeah. Listen, I don't even do massages. I didn't do massages when I was playing.


I don't think. I think it's, to me, I think it's all, it was all a mind thing. I think it was all a mind thing. I I didn't do massages. The only thing I did, Joe and Unc, that cold tub and contrast back and forth. Five minute hot, three minutes cold. Five minutes hot, three minutes cold. That's it. Don't, I'm don't, don't, don't touch me. Don't stretch me on nothing. No. I had to get that work. I, I need to, to, I dunno how you did that. Oh hey, I thought, I thought it was all mental. Huh? I thought if it, if for me, if it's not broke, don't fix it. Yeah. Don't tell me when I'm in the stretch line. Don't tell me to stretch. Don't tell me to stop talking. Don't tell me to stop playing around. This is my same team. No stretching.


That was time to be joking. That was time to clowning. Yeah. I was already loose before. I had already did my little stretching before I got out there. So that was my time to joke. That's all that time was the bag of, hey, who we getting on today? Who we making fun of today? That was that stretching time. I'm a everybody else did what they supposed to do, but nah, that was a gie time for me. Right. I, Joe, what these barbers doing, man, this Joe in charge of, look, y'all not professional athletes and entertainers. Y'all trying to make a hundred thousand, 200,000. You cutting hair. Well it depends on who they cutting. Huh. Bitch. Now this, this is not this right now, this is just content. Now there are barbers that, You know, barbers, barbers to the stars, barbers to the athletes.


Barbers to the celebs that do charge a heavy a a he a heavy penny for the people that they cut. 'cause they gotta travel with 'em. They take it, they taking 'em away from other clients and they can be doing because they, they force their barbers to go the road Be to Yes. But I, but I'm saying Okay, okay. For like certain situations, yes, I'll fly my barber out here, but he's been cutting my hair for 30 plus years. Right. But I'm talking about just casually like, oh, oh my boy charging. Oh hell. Oh hell nah, hell absolutely not. Yeah. Nah, they got it. What'd you say, Joe? I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't heard of that one to where you just like, oh man, my homeboy cut you up. He charged a thousand dollars.


Nah, Ain't no such thing Man. I, I ain't no thing start cutting my, and I, yeah, yeah. Hey yeah. Get you one like this. Now you One like this, Hey, but hold up now we gotta understand. We at different time. Boy, I remember I used to pay five, $10 for a nice cut. Hey, $2 in college, two 50 get a Hey who cut? I wish I would've played somebody back in the eighties. 10, $20 to cut my hair. Yeah. In college. Mud dude named Roughhouse Coop. They were the, they were the team barbers. Yeah. Two 50.


And most of the time that was on the IOU My, one of my, Hey listen, one of my teammates in college, Teddy Gibson, he used, he used to cut hair. So I don't really have no problem. That's my partner. He used to cut my hair all the time. Yeah. I had, my brother used to cut my hair. He'd come home, he would cut my hair. He's like, Hey man, I'm I'm gonna cut you up. I said, when you start cutting hair, you ain't even have no clippers. Yeah. But I ate, I was his Guinea pig. I let, I, I let him cut. Yeah. But I remember we used to go to, I remember when I was coming up, haircuts was a, was like, started out like 75 cents a dollar dollar, $52.


I got to college. Two 50. Yeah. $3. Then when I got to Jennifer, haircuts was like $12, $15. Damn. But hey, we, we long gone from them days. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Never coming back. Do want 15, 20 for apart. Man. Hey listen, every you got, listen, this the time this, these are the times that we're in right now. The price of everything is going up. Eggs, milk, haircuts, hoohaw whatever, whatever, whatever. Go everything. You say that. Hoo-ha. So everything You said what you said, you say that hoo-ha. Yeah. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Yo, that, that cost too. 20, 25. How Everything, yeah. Hey, hey. Ain't like my little agent partner to say I can't do it.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Shelly Ann Frazier Price. She does it again in the parrot day with her son. She smokes the other par. Let's take a look at the video. Hey. Hey. That is so funny. I mean, why you even running? Hey, I wouldn't listen. The rest of the parents gotta be, gotta be whoever come in second place. That's all I wanna do. A And guess what? I just wanna come to second. It ain't no men, ain't no men that could outrun her. So don't say don't worry about it baby.


I'll take care of it. Don't worry about it. She dust y'all too. Hey, that was dope. That Was dope. She gonna dust y'all too. Hey, can you imagine? Can you imagine your mom, your mom, your parent being Shelly Ann fairer price and you come to school and it's in field day. Oh yeah, you, you're winning the parent And the parents gotta participate. Oh man. Oh but that gotta be one of the greatest feelings. Oh yeah. Oh that gotta be the greatest. All the races she winning. When you better off with the softballs thrown or the, the Kroger sack races, you got a chance. I know, because Joe, you ain front the country. So we had the sack race. I guess I already knew. Hey, I was always gonna win that because most of them kids, they ain't never, didn't know what a cro sac was.


So I know they wasn't gonna, Joe, there had never been in one being from a farm, I knew what a cro sac y'all call them? Burlap bags. We called them cro sack. Y'all call Sack Joe. Oh yeah. Hey, I know exactly what you're talking about. Yeah, he was more like some, we had more like some potato sack almost look like. Yeah, that's what, yeah, same. Yeah, That's it. That's What it's, oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. I was than that. What I was a monster than that Ocho thought had Jack. Huh? Huh? You thought I had jackass in me the way I was hopping Joe.


And then, You know, we had a two man, so everybody, so You know I'm saying though, Joe, you have like the leg, you put everybody, You know, you put your leg, one leg in there, somebody else put one leg in there and I put the other leg. Yeah. They always put me with somebody slow. Yeah. That because you probably with a cheat code already. You know what I mean? You Hey, if you, if you're not, if you're not in unison, you gonna fall. You gotta be in unison when you hot car Ain gonna fall slow. O cho. That's why we going fall. You slow. I'm, man, You know back then Ocho, I hate to lose. No. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Always because we got ribbons, You know what I'm saying? Hey grand. A pop is like a dollar.


Yeah. Back then, You know soda, you can get a soda. You get a soda for like a quarter. You got those wise, those wise potato chips, you get those for 15 cents. You got candy bars like 15 cents. So a dollar, a dollar 50. Man. I gimme two soda. I gimme a wide potato chip. I get a payday or a Snickers a zero, man. You good? What? And we got ribbons, so You know we got first, second, and third place. Yeah. How I'm going home with six blue ribbons and a, and a, a red or a pink because I got a sorry teammate. Hey, That's so I, And I hated that man.


I'm trying to get all, I'm tried to take all blue ribbons home. And a matter of fact, I, they, I still got some of the ribbons too, man. Oh Well you keep everything, Huh? I do. Oh, I got clothes. My grandmother cut kept, I got a pair of overalls from when I was about three years old. I got a jacket from when I was like four or five years old. Damn them suits that I told that my mom bought me and my brother for Easter. That made us look like, like John tra and Saturday night you still, you You still got them. I still got it. My grandma kept everything. Damn dang. Yeah. My grandma kept everything. I ain't got none of that.


Alright, now it's time for a final segment of the evening. It is time for q and a. We ain't got no sound Damn retired. Deputy ch Sheriff says, if you could take one part of your game and give it to a current player who's getting the upgrade, Joe, if you could give somebody your game, who you giving it to? If I can give somebody my game. A current player? Yep. Give 'em a part of your game. Oh, damn.


I don't know. I gotta really think about that when I got some who you who give, who you giving that iso to? Yeah, I'm saying he, it's some guys who I think, I mean definitely in this playoffs, who, who kinda already got it. And I think Shea, no, Shay, I like Kade Cunningham in Detroit. He nice. I like him. He, he, he pos patience. He's a big guard. 2 6, 7 can create, can score, can create for his teammates. Yeah. I think that's going, that's gonna be a great series, man. For who they playing the next. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's gonna be a great series for Detroit.


Yep. Yeah, so I, I like, I like Kade. I'm looking forward to watching him play in this post season. Dexter Jones said Ocho if you bet $346 on the Lakers to make it to the finals. It will pay out 5,200 and oh. Ask Joe what he thinks about these one-on-ones. And if he wants to smoke, see ocho, all you gotta do is bet 346. The Lakers make it to the finals, right? I like it. Or you can take your phone right now and download Cash app Or you can download PayPal and I can send you your money right now while we still on the show.


Ocho, I don't ocho I tried to download it. I can't. You don't want Can't. Hey, can, can't, shouldn't even be in your vocabulary. I know you learned that when you was young. Okay. They wanna know too much information though. They wanna know your bank account. They wanna know where you stay. They want you, they want your address. They want to. Yeah. I already know Uncle School Ocho. He ain't going for all that Man. I know. It's all, it's all good. Listen, I'm a, I'm gonna see your money with a pigeon carrier. How about that? I take it, write me a check.


I'll take a check. You got checks? Absolutely not, man. It's 2025. Ain't nobody writing no checks in 2025. You don't write no checks? Hell no. Oh. I take checks, personal checks, travelers checks. I got, I got you. Cashier. Yeah. Cashier's check. Yeah. Go to Western Union. I go, I tell you what, send my money to Western Union. They take too long. But I ain't going into that window and They gonna charge me you a mean fee too. Yeah, Uhuh. No, no. They gonna charge him a mean fee. They gonna charge me nothing. I'm just gonna go collect my money.


I'm just gonna go collect my money. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the fee out your money. I ain't worried about It. Hold on. I gonna take the fee out. My money Me because you got you, you sending me to an institution that charging me to send you money. So I'm taking the money outta your fee if I gotta pay it. That don't make no sense. You should already paid me my money If you Okay. Thank you. It'll be cool. JoeGon get going to beat Ocho then hit magic 50 for the wings Joe. In 30 seconds. They going to 11. He gonna beat them 11. Oh. He might get lucky and make, he might get lucky and make a shot of two. He ain't, You know, I doubt it. Hey, You know what, what's funny is the fact that y'all don't understand that I'm a better basketball player than I am at any other sport.


And you really Think you gonna beat me is hilarious. Like it, it is hilarious. I mean, and I mean, no disrespect 'cause you that boy, you always been that boy. Hey, When y'all coming to now? I told you My daughter be bumping the all night with Ocho. He just talking. He ain't lying Talking. When You, if you watching me play one thing I do, one thing I do and one thing that I'm great at is when I talk, I back up everything I say. So What, what, what? What's your best asset as far as like hooping? Like what, what you good at? What's your best attribute? That's it. Off the dribble. Creating space. Off the dribble. Off the Dribble space.


Create creative space. Yeah. I'ma, Hey listen, you gonna think I'm going west and I'm a senior? Your ass east. Mm Okay. You got, you got, you got you got you got the right one. You Joe, you got the right one. And listen, you and you tall, you're 6, 8 2. 'cause once I get you moving one way, if you lean, Hey, I ain't no OI ain't no big man. I'm a big guard. I'm a big guard. I ain't one. I Don't care. Ask Tracy McGrady what happen? His ass all As as Tracy McGrady. What happen to him? You Gave, you gave that work. You gave Mac That work? Yeah. Gave him that work. Gave hey, gave him that business. You hear me? He didn't know He he come, he came to me after the game. Like why a nigga hoop like that?


Yeah. I could've played the NBA but I chose to do something else. You lucky. Interesting. I really like that King Govan. Yo ojo Joe go have you touching the hardwood like he did. Paul Pearson, Leon Pope, Peter j. Peter d. JD Young says Uncle Ocho and Joe, can you please give a shout out to my wife, cherish she keeps making our house a home while being a tremendous mother. I want her and the world to know how much I love her. We absolutely would do that for you Peter Cherish. Peter wants you to know that his life is complete because you're in it. Yeah. Yeah. Not only are you an outstanding homemaker, you are a tremendous wife and a mother.


And he says, You know what? There's not a world where he doesn't see himself loving you. Mm. You got something special. Cherish. Cherish it. Mm. Peter, thanks for reaching out. I like it Peter. All right. Peter, Cedric Jr. Said, Hey uncle and Joe. Today is my fiance's Dee's birthday. She's turning 26. Can you guys wish her a happy birthday? We absolutely can say it. Donne happy 20 birthday. Happy. Yes. Happy birthday. 26 years and a lifetime together with said and happiness. Hopefully y'all did something very, very special today. Hopefully you got a nice gift, but at the end of the day, the most important thing that you two have each other.


Congratulations. Happy birthday concludes this episode of Nightcap.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their nationwide 5G network today.


Make sure y'all go follow ISO Joe on ig. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite aunt, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And now Wise, a week throughout the remainder of the playoffs, the Arkansas Native ISO Joe, one of the great mid-range shooters and clutch shooters in NBA history. He will be locked in with us two nights a week for the remainder of the playoffs. Thank you Joe, for coming on. We really, really appreciate having your expertise on this game. The beautiful game of basketball. Thank you. Thank you all for having me. Please make sure you subscribe, hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys for your support. Now guess what? We got Joe two nights a week and we're gonna have some other guys on the rotating schedule as we move forward. But we had to get Joe locked in. Joe, thank you for carving out some time in your schedule for us. We greatly, greatly appreciate and hopefully you like it enough, you'll come back and join us for the the fall NBA season as well. Oh man. Come on. Y'all know, y'all know I appreciate y'all for having me man. Hey, hey, I look forward to us getting a, You know, develop a relationship man. Me and I like so I appreciate y'all man. For real. I appreciate y'all. Appreciate you. Go subscribe. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Make sure you go check out Shaa by La Porter.


Joe, we gotta get you some, I know you don't drink but it'll be a great souvenir when people coming. I ain't say I ain't drink. I might, I see what you, I see you working with now. Hey, don't act like that Joe. That is quick. Whoa, whoa. Don't act like that. You know what I mean? Hey lemme get so that La Porter let see what they hitting on. I got you. I got you. Yeah. Hey, hey look, I don't need to be on here asking y'all what's up? What Yo see me so man, let see what them, Oh, I got you. Say less. All I need is that Address. Okay. Okay. Put me in the game coach. Put me in the game man. I got you. He got some other cigars coming too. He got some Daniel Marshalls and some, Hold on, hold on.


Matter of fact, you talk to Kenon? I have a What? Listen, What other in the 70 Gauge? Yes, lunatics. Lunatics. He got them 70 gauge Lunatics Ain't hook me. None of that's gonna put me outta my misery, man. I just, Hey, I got you. Hook me up. I got you. I got, Hey, when Ken Martin gonna send me my stuff? You need to talk to him. Listen, I listen. Hey, I, I hate to have to tussle with him. I hate to have to beat his ass bro.


Make sure you go check out Shaa by La Porter. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of his platform. She Shea Media Tomorrow. Well, today is the last day to vote for the Webbys. The nominations are myself. Best Entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club Shesha Best creator slash influencer series and Nightcap Best sports show. Best video series night and best Live podcast recording. Thank you guys for having us nominated for six awards. We can't wait to see what we, how well we do. We'd like to win 'em all, but if we can't, congratulations to whomever win and all the nominees. The link is pinned in our bio. Go vote. Voting ends April 17th.


Check out my clothing company 84 with 8 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked, the link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone they're gone. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale. Be more Philly, Charlotte LA M-I-A-N-Y-C, Chi Town and Detroit. We're coming to you. Make sure you check us out. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. The link is pinned in the chat. GRE line up is shaping up nicely. Come out. Support you guys Nightcap UNC Ocho, go get your tickets now.


Mavs beat the Kings face, the Grizzlies for an opportunity to be the eight C and the Heat beat Chicago. They face the Hawks for an opportunity to be the eight C and face the Cleveland Cavalier Cavaliers. That concludes Nightcap tonight. We will see you tomorrow, Friday. We'll see you Friday. Joe will be back with us on Friday. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm up OCHO iso, we're out The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.