
Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, you Turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more, check out boas.com.


Hey, I'm Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You insane Hollywood? As so to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at Mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speed, slower, above 40 gigabytes. C details


number One, New York Times bestselling author, Jennifer Lll Almond Trout, brings you the first book in her flesh and fire series. A shadow in the Ember, born in the veil of the primal Sarah Fina's Future has never been hers chosen before birth. To uphold the desperate deal of her ancestor, Sarah must leave behind her life offering herself to the primal of death. Sarah has always known that she is chosen an assassin until the primal of death chases away the darkness within her. A shadow in the ember, available in print, ebook and audiobook where all books are sold. Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Right on the money this week. It's one of the NFL's fiercest rivalries.


As the Cincinnati Bengals face, the Baltimore Ravens touchdown coverage begins with TNF Tonight, not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Bengals and the Ravens. Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details. The Volume


TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. we want to bet on touchdowns. And a draft King Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us. After the Vikings get back on the winning track, stop their two game Losing Street 2113 winners over the Indianapolis Colts. Keep go to six and two. Stay right behind the Detroit Lions who also won. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I am your favorite uncle Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite 85. He's Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro, the legendary Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can just call him Mocho. Guys, make sure you hit that subscribe button and make sure you the like button and do us a big, big favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank you guys, those that have signed up, those that have retweeted us guys that have have watched us and listened to us.


We greatly, greatly appreciate your support and we appreciate your continued support. Go check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can order it just in time for the holidays. You got Thanksgiving, Christmas, new Year's right around the corner and we guarantee you we can have it to you for the holidays. So thank you again for your support. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest drop. Newest release dropped last week. We dropped. I was held when I was. Well I'll lie for you before I lie to you. T-shirt, we have the black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand, the stay with me now hoodies.


You guys requested that. So we put stay with me now on the back of a hoodie. And of course our bestsellers are the UNC and OCHO tees and you guys requested that we do it in black, we listen and we now have it in black. We drop that on Friday. Quantities are limited, so make sure you go grab yours while supplies last ocho. Let's get right into it. The Minnesota bike can stop their two game losing streak by a score of 2113 over the Indianapolis Cols. The coach went with Joe went with Joe Flacco, they benched Anthony Richardson. Sam Donna was 28 or 34, 2 93 touchdowns. He had two interceptions. Anna Fumble. Justin Jefferson continued his hot streak.


Seven four buck 37. Addison Jordan Addison made a great one handed catch as they pull away and hold on to win 2113 over the Indianapolis coachs to keep them somewhat connected to the Detroit Lions Coachs produced their worst offensive performance of the year. Tonight the coach had six. The coachs offense had six points, the lowest output of the year. Zero red zone drive, the lowest output of the year. 13 first downs, lowest output of the year. 227 total yards lowest output of the year. Ocho watching this game. What did you like about what Minnesota was able to do to get back into the win column? Listen to get back into the win column, they need to give the game ball to Brian Flores.


All defense. All defense. They played extremely well. All four quarters. They played all three phases of the game. Extremely well. Sack and Joe Flacco causing turnovers, interceptions and hell. Hell, the coach didn't give themselves the chance actually with the turnover that they had. Yep. And it picked the worst opportune time to have a inefficient offense against ar arguably one of the better teams in in the NFC and really the defense smothered. So Brian Flores, I would like to give him the credit for the win night, even though offensively they did what they needed to do as far as scoring points that defense was, was really, really good. Really, really good. Yeah, you look, you know One thing, when you play the Vikings, they're pressure defense.


Yeah. They're gonna heat you up. Brian Flores gonna heat you up now. Yeah. So you better, whatever, whatever you're doing, you better do it. Suddenly you better do it in a hurry because you're not gonna have a whole lot of time because he's coming with the pressure package. Yeah. He believes in his back end. He believes they can hold up and he believes he can get to you before you get to them. And so that's the number One thing that I've noticed. That the games that I've watched him play, and for the most part they've had a lot of games that's been televised. Right. If you can't, excuse me, if you can't handle their pressure, you can't deal with their defense. Now the problem is if Sam Donald can, now when you play Detroit, you turn the ball over three times, they're gonna blow you out Easily.


I, I'm, I'm just telling you played the lions and you turned that ball over early. Like they did Ocho that game be over, that game was over by the, if the halftime. Oh, definitely. Most definitely. That's, that's, that's probably 17 points. I see 'em if you turn it over three, they scoring two off that in the field goal. Right. Because remember they what? They have a didn't they have a, they got a pick six. So you see, you see even Andy turn their offensive possession because the last thing you wanted to happen is a team score when you got the ball. Yeah. It's hard enough. You know what I'm saying? Don't yo, it's hard enough to keep them outta the end zone. Especially these high powered offenses. Right. The ravens, the lions, you know, even though Kansas City hadn't got on track, we know they have the potential to be explosive.


Right. You let them score when you got the ball and you catch hell stopping them when they have the ball. Yeah. You're asking for problems. Yeah. Put but thought Go ahead. No, we're just saying it put you behind the eight ball completely and you gotta do that much more offensively end. Damn. They gotta play perfect football if you allow him to score on defense. Yeah, you absolutely right. Joe Flacco could never seem to get into the rhythm. He was 16 or 27, 1 79 1 interception. He was sacked three times. The biggest issue was their inability to run the football because in order to slow some of that pressure down, you are gonna have to run the football to make them think about something other than your quarterback. Right. And as long as they don't, long as they're teeing off on your quarterback and they're not respecting your run, it's gonna be a very difficult evening.


Especially on the road. And that crowd get the rocking. It's hard. You see, they got a couple of false start penalties ocho and so you needed some, some you needed some resemblance of a run game to try to slow that pressure front of the, the Vikings down Jonathan Taylor, 13 for 48. So they had 19 carries for 68 yards. That's not nearly enough. A slightly over three yards of carry. That's not nearly enough ojo. No, That ain't gonna cut it. No, it won't. It won't. So the Vikings stopped the bleeding of the two game losing streak. They moved to six and 2 21 13 winners over the Indianapolis Colts who falls to four and five.


The Falcons defeats the Cowboys. 21, 27, 21 Dak enters his hamstring Late in the third quarter, cameras caught Dak on the sideline saying, we effing suck. Dang. Jerry confirms Jane Slater's report about Zeke there say there are buyers at the Jerry says they are buyers at the deadline Before we talk about this game, I am glad Jerry confirmed what Jane Slayer said. Right? Because my partner would not have believed that Zeke missed meetings that Zeke was late because now One thing, I know Jane Slater when she said something about the Cowboys, whatever money you got, you go put it on the bank and say that's absolutely gospel.


Yes sir. If she says something about, if Jane Slater Yeah. Says anything about the Cowboys, take it to the bank. Yeah. Ocho, what's my favorite? What's my favorite saying? Shit. Hell, which one you got? You got a lot of them. You never accept anything in a win you wouldn't have lost. Yes sir. Now you believe the previous eight years that Zeke Elliot has never missed a meeting, has never been late to a meeting. Do you believe he has or he hasn't In eight years? I'm sure he's been late or maybe missed unc. It it happened to, it happened to us all. But go ahead And guess what happened when that was going 12 and five in 13 and three.


You see what Jerry tolerated? Yes sir. Sir, you see what he accepted? Yes sir. Now what happens when you don't, he doing the exact same thing in a win. That's why you don't accept it. You see, now you see what I'm talking about? Oh, Joe, now crystallizes itself for you. Right? You never accept people accept that. And a lot of times we hear people say, oh, but they won. No, you are trying to set a standard, right? You're trying to let everybody know this is what is accepted of you. Right. Not accepted. This is what is demanded of you. And because we won, I will not tolerate lateness. That's One thing I love about Mike. We didn't play that.


If you had a weight, you made weight. Right? Even if you won the game, Mike was gonna take however many pounds you was over. It cost you $50 and it was double the next time you was overweight. Right? And that came out your check whether you, whether we won the game or we lost the game. Now, back to this, Dak injured his hamstrings, but they were looking terrible before Dak injured his hamstrings. Ocho Yeah. The cowboys are bad. They're they're a bad team. And it took Dak it took what, what game is this for? O Cowboys. So it took eight weeks Right? For Dak to realize what the hell I doing? Two, they suck. Hey, I mean, he's frustrated.


Huh? He's frustrated. It doesn't seem like they can catch rhythm. They can't catch fire. They can't, they can't get any, they Suck when you suck. That's what happens. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I listen, I, I totally, I totally understand. But even though they suck, you know who gonna dominate the headlines? You know who, you know who gonna dominate sports talk. The Dallas Cowboys, whether they're winning or they're losing, whether they suck or whether they don't, they're still going to dominate tomorrow morning. They're gonna dominate Tuesday morning. They're gonna dominate Wednesday morning and the remainder of the week. I'm not sure if it can be fixed. I listen to Jerry Jones again, back in front of the camera, back in front of the mic after the game. What does he say? He still believes in his team. He still believes in the players in the locker room.


I mean, I I don't think he has any choice Ocho but to say that, considering that he's the owner, and now he's talking about they're gonna be buyers at the trade deadline. So you buying the trade agency? Whoa. Buyers, buyers for who? Wait, he, he talking about making he talk, talking about making trades. Is he serious or he just, just talking? I just, all I can do is go by what he said. This is what he said, Ocho Right. I'm just trying to figure out, so in the off season when you can really shape your team, right, you get, you bring our guy offensive defensive guys in that you can build. It's like, okay, this is what they do. This is what we can, this is what we have. Right? You don't do that now you hold on.


What is that record? Four and five. Four And what, what's Cowboy's record? Four and six. No, no, no. Four, four and five. Four and five if I'm not mistaken, because so They're four and five. So now at four and five you got the Washington, the, the they're three and five. Oh, that's it. Three and five. You got the count, you got the commanders in a commanding position. What a commander. 72. 73. They're 72. You got the Eagles starting to catch River, right? And now you gonna talk about, you going buy what you about. Hey y'all by the way, go a if you get, you get a head start on some great prices in Jamaica and Cancun. Cabo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cabo. Oh, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.


Hold on, hold on, hold on. Lemme lemme ask you a question. Now. Be now this is only the first half of the season now. We still haven't even gotten to the back half of the season. So are you basically saying that the cowboy season is over? So What have you seen to make you think the Cowboys can do anything? Listen This. Listen. Any given Sunday, you know that, right? What have you seen? I, I haven't seen anything. So why would you? I haven't seen anything, but I'm just asking you Yes. Based on your expertise and your experience playing a game. Just as I have. Yes. Do You think they done give, give the next four games for the Cowboys? And I want you to answer your own question because I don't wanna answer it for you. Alright? Talk to me. Run, run around. They got the Eagles next week. Okay?


Eagles, Texans, commanders of those three games, how many the Cowboys, Cowboys winning. Hey, can I tell you something? Yeah, I'm gonna whisper it. They ain't looking too good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Good. It ain't looking good for the home team. Damn. That's why I'm saying if you go ahead and start now, I mean, hold on. Let's see. It's, it's November. So December, January, right. Season be over, man. I'm sure you can get a great, you can get a great deal or the Airbnb in Jamaica, Cancun. Oh yeah. Turks and Caicos Use price line. Use price Line. Yeah. And, and tickets because you booking them so far in advance And you Tell them, man, man, them tickets probably lower than well poop Lower than what?


Well poop. You poop at the bottom of the seat. You know, you can't get no lower than that. Yeah, man, I, I feel, I feel, I feel bad man. I, I feel bad for cowboy fans. I feel, I don't, I feel bad. I feel bad for the cowboy fans that invest. I don't invest in the team, invest in tickets, go to the games that are sold a dream. Every season. Every season their sold dream, they Buy it. Oh, Joe, why would I, why? Oh Lord, why would I ch change up my product? If I could sell this to the Cowboys fan for a thousand dollars every week, every year, why would I sell something different? I would be a fool. Right? A d fool.


I come to, I come to the Cowboys fan. Thousand dollars, I take it. Right? And I'm gonna do this year for 1718 weeks. For 28 years. And you talk about change up my approach. I wish I might. Damn man. And you don't feel bad for the players a little bit. No, but hello. How we go from Dax saying we hadn't lost any, I remember last week Dax stood up there and said he hadn't lost any confidence. He know nobody in that locker room had lost confidence. Right. And he on the sidelines this week talking about we suck. Yeah. That, that's based on circumstance, situational, situational issues.


Right. Now, in that moment When you was losing, did you lose confidence in Ochocinco? Did you say Ocho? Okay, so what I'm Trying to figure out now, nah, nah, you know? Right. Oh, so what about the situation? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I had to overcome those situations because I went through a lot of losing. You gotta understand I went through a lot of losing now, but I I, I blocked that out because I, you know, I still gotta play for them stripes now. Well, you already knew you came into the season. You already came into the season. Know y'all gonna lose 10, 11 games. So don't, Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't, don't do that. Don't be rude. Don't don't, don't be rude. Don't be rude. And there was always a shining light win a lot. Win a losing. There was always a shining light over there. No matter what. I, you gonna get your catcher, you gonna get your yard. Like, listen, it was always a shining light no matter what.


But you already know Ocho ocho you know what you Yeah. Come on. I I know what you mean. I know what you mean. I mean, I'm not, listen, I'm not going, I'm not going to Popeye's expecting to get a burger. Right, right. I know I'm gonna Popeye's for lot of times you go to Dairy Queen. I know I'm gonna get me a soft serve ice cream or I'm gonna get me a a what? That a, a peanut buster parfait. I'm gonna get me the DLI bar, you know what I'm saying? I'm gonna get me a blizzard. I'm gonna gimme some type of ice cream when I go to Dairy Queen. Right, right, right. That's what I'm thinking. Right? I mean, cowboys, they already know. But Hey, you know the NFL funny man, you know the, the NFL is funny. You never know what might happen.


Maybe them boys might catch fire. You know, I'm just, I'm trying to be optimistic. I don't want the Cowboys fans to feel bad. I don't want the players in that locker room to lose confidence in the season. Right. 'cause if you start thinking Cavo and Jamaica and Bahamas and, and Turks and, and all that stuff now, I mean, it's going, it's gonna look real bad. It could get ugly. Unc, you still gotta play football now. It's gonna look worse than what it looks now. Hey, At least they didn't give up 200 yards. Rush it. Yeah. They only gave up a hundred. See, see, improvement. That's, that's improvement. First Cousins only had five incompletions. He had three touchdowns. Hey, young bull. Yeah. Young, young. Swag. Swag, swag.


Cousins swag surfing cousins. Oh, he been dealing, first cousins been dealing. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mooney had five for 88. Robinson Bijan Robinson had 7 59. Drake, London got hurt. I mean, think about it. He was two for 27 and he got hurt. Yeah. What? Hey, what, what was the extent of his injury? You, you think it's Bad? I don't know. He didn't come back in the game, I don't think. Did he come back in the game? I mean, I saw cd, CD lamb, CD lamb had a AC sprain in his shoulder. Yeah. A little ac sprain down. Yep. CD came back in the game though. CD played. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.


He gonna be straight. Yeah. Damn. But no, the Cowboys, like I said, I I just also, on Friday, cowboys coach Mike McCarthy said, running back by committee approach was definitely not the preferred method. Mm. But we feel that's the best way to utilize the guys we got. See, that was a solo shot of Jerry. Mm. I would prefer one running back, but Jerry wanna do it by committee. Right. And so I just gotta try to make you know this, these are the ingredients that he gave me. So he gave me cow poop, chicken poop, and hog poop.


So this is the soup that I gotta make soup. That's all he said. That's what I did. Do I dunno what you took from that, but that's what I took from That. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, listen, I, I, I understand the underlining underlining context of what they, well, what they mean. But hey, listen, there was somebody there, there was somebody that was there and that was available that I think that could have made a difference. He could have helped. But right now he's with the Ravens having another historic season that's Unfortunate. Over a over a thousand yards In, in week nine over Week. He was the first guy since Jim Brown in 63. OCHO deleted Rush yards, carries touchdowns, yards per carry.


Yeah. But we couldn't afford him. What, what, what are we, what are we doing?


Stay farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride. And, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right? And also, as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network


This fall, watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library. Library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's. Whew. After the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from ha ha to ha Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart ti trau efgartigimod alpha and Hyaluronidase Q Vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen. X


Number one, New York Times bestselling author, Jennifer l Almond Trout, brings you the first book in her flesh and fire series. A shadow in the ember, born in the veil of the primal Sarah Fina's future has never been hers chosen before birth. To uphold the desperate deal of her ancestor, Sarah must leave behind her life offering herself to the primal of death. Sarah has always known that she is chosen an assassin until the primal of death chases away the darkness within her. A shadow in the emba, available in print, ebook and audiobook where all books are sold.


Jerry says they are buyers at the deadline. What you buying? Who gonna buy? What are you selling? No, they are buyers. They're looking to acquire. They're not selling off. They're looking to acquire. We're gonna purchase something. Okay, well, what do you think? Now, if you, if you look, if you're thinking about a scenario, a cowboys fans, if you in the chat and Jerry Jones said they're buyers, what position are we thinking about trading for or acquiring? What do they need help most? Well, they can't do that. They need a left tackle because he gets two pillars a game. They need another receiver to go opposite of cd.


They need a running back. Probably need some d lineman, linebacker corner. Oh damn. Be a whole new team. Listen, this Ain't, this ain't no video game. You acting like this. This Madden ultimate team. They Three and five. So if you three and five, you need a lot of ish. Yeah, but there there's only so much you could do. Only so much you could do, especially in season. You asked me what they needed. I just told you what they needed. I ain't say they gonna get it. I mean, within reason. Well, they gonna get nothing. Nothing. Okay, okay. Well you're not gonna get nothing. That gonna change the season. I know that. No, absolutely not. It's tweeted, Jane Slater tweeted Ezekiel Elliot is a healthy scratch today for the first of his career.


According to a number of sources, Elliot has been distracted all season, aside from his habitual tardiness, he's missed three team meetings with Friday's meeting the final straw. Both parties decided it was best he didn't make the trip to Atlanta. Dalvin Cook Rico Doell will be expected to carry the load this afternoon. They're like, nah bro, we not finna take you down to the eighth. It didn't have you at magic, Right? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Then we better, we not finna do that. Right? You go, go to sit this one down. Damn. See damn a habitual. And you losing.


And he's still showing up late, right? He missing meetings. So this tells me that he did this when they were winning. But see, when you accept things in a win, now what's the difference? Ocho Lemme ask you a question. Yes, sir. True. If they're winning and he's still showing up late and he's still missing meetings, do you think he's a healthy scratch today? Yes or no? No, sir. No sir. Because when you're winning like this and you're, you're an intricate part of the offense, your leash is a little bit longer now when you're losing and everything is magnified, you are losing and everything is magnified.


And then you're not that center centerpiece or center stone to what makes that offense go, oh yeah, you expendable. We can afford, we can afford to, to leave you home. We can afford to leave you home. We'll take that chance. Being centerpiece and cornerstone. That's what I said, ain't it? You said Centerstone. You said Centerstone. That's that's what, that's an engagement ring, Centerstone. Right, right, right. See what you see where my mind at, Back back. Let's move this conversation. Right. Hold on. We tweeted you sent the show.


I, I'm, I'm, I'm just saying. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. You see where I'm mad at, man, you know, but damn man. No. Who think, ain't nobody said they're losing because of Zeke, but why would you, why would you give them a reason to deactivate you? Right? Right. That's my point. See y'all miss see a lot of times fan Mr. Entire point. Well, Zeke's not. The reason they're losing is he the reason that winning in the case, why would you if you knew they're having, first of all, Ocho Yes Sir. The fir normally the first people to go when jobs are having cutbacks is the people that are routinely late. It's Easy to get rid of those guys. Right? See, it's easy to deactivate a guy that's being late and not showing up for meetings.


That's easy to do. I gotta make your job hard. That's what the coach used to tell me. Say, son, look here, don't cut yourself. Let us do that. Right. Know what you're supposed to do. Do it to the best of your ability and let the chips what he made. How many more years Zeke think he got in this league with these kinds of numbers? Why would you do it? Why would you do that? Now think about what's being reported Now. Everybody know every, why would you do that? Ocho? Yeah. I'm Something of this magnitude that's going to be able to get out.


Now everybody's seeing your numbers. Go here and here and here and here and here and here. You're approaching 30, you're averaging three yards of carry and you're late and you're tardy. What value is that to any team in the NFL Ocho? You are about to be 30. You're averaging three yards of carry and you're late and you miss meetings. Where's the value? Damn man. Hey, he, he got, he gotta go, he gotta go talk with shit. He can't talk to Mike. He can't talk to Jerry because you know, Jerry gotta sign off on that. So What, what is he talking about?


Shoot, shoot The report. The report said he's been distracted all year. Distracted by what? By what? That's what I would get ready to ask you Distracted by what? You know, especially during football season. Unless there's family issues, there's something going on at home. We, you know, I we, we don't know what's personal issues or what, what, what it might be, but to be late, you know, two or three times to miss a Friday meeting. Yeah. So something is going on. What, what that may be, I don't Know. I have no idea. Ojo not sure. I have not, I have, I have no zero zil idea. Listen, You gotta, he gotta he gotta fix it though. You gotta, that's him. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta fix it. Second half of the season. You, you gotta be on time and do everything you can to contribute to try to, to try and turn this thing around.


Try. But see that's what's, that's why it's so hard to turn your season around when you lose it, right. Because you have so like this type of attitude, this type of behavior, right? Right, right. And when you don't have a standard, you don't have a ethos, you don't have a code, you don't have a foundation. Something that everybody lives by. It's hard. Yeah. It's hard. It's hard because pretty soon Ocho people start to splinter and everybody start doing their own things. Right? And then instead of one or two being late, now you got three or four. Yeah. Now you got four or five. Now you got five or six.


And you got guys dragging ass here and there. That's why you need veteran leadership, right. Leader. That's why you need to have a standard in which players are forced to adhere to. Right. And when they don't, there have to be consequences. See that? There has to be rules, there have to be rules that we have to abide by. There's a reason why we have speed limit. There's a reason why we have traffic. There's a reason why we have laws. Because if we did, we'd have lawlessness, Right? Yeah. Same thing with football players, even grown men that should know better given the choice to do right or wrong.


And there's no one there to hold you accountable for the wrong. And more times than not, more people will do wrong. And I'm not talking about just the most egregious of offenses, right? I'm talking about whatever late for meetings, missing meetings, speeding, littering, whatever the case may be. If there's no one there to hold you accountable for the wrong, more times than not, people will choose to do wrong. Yeah. If you, if you can get away with it. Yeah. That's discipline. See, that's what discipline, see, discipline requires you to do your best when no one's watching. Watching. I like that. Hey, that's a good one right there. That's why the off season is so important. When there's no cameras around, when there's no other body.


It's just you and the track. It's you and the weight room. It's you and the dinner table. That's it. Hold on now, hold on, hold on. Now. Gotta, That's the discipline. You gotta run that back. Discipline requires you no Discipline, requires you to do your best when no one else is watching. That's it. I need that. I got, I gotta use that with my kids. Oh, I, that's a good one right there. Think about it. When your boss is around and standing over your, when they know the boss coming, what they do, O Joe, they arrive early, they Point, Hey boy, you on point, you are on point. You working, you working, you working. 'cause I used to do it in high school when the teacher wasn't looking, I was goofing off.


I knew she was paying attention. Shoot. What? They ain't play. They ain't play that shit at Harvard. The Ravens beat the Broncos. Damn. Oh, the Ravens beat The who? Bronco. I I hear you old. Matter of fact, if your team lost that, you shouldn't say foot or ball By team one today. The Ravens. Huh? The Ravens by Team two. Oh, you forgot about that, huh? No, no, No. That's what, that's what we not gonna do. That's not, that's what we not gonna do. That's what we not gonna do. You are a Denver Bronco. If your Denver, if your team lost today, I don't want you to say foot or ball.


You not finna do this to me. You not finna do this to me. Time out. That's the Super Bowl. Win it. Hell you not gonna do that. No, Joe. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Now you not finna do that. How many years did you play in, in, in Denver? Two and won of Super Bowl. How many years did you play in Denver? I played 12 years in Denver. You played 12 in Denver. I played two in Baltimore. How many you played? How many you played in in Baltimore? Two. You know what your main relationship is? The Broncos Don't you type. No, no, no. Lemme finish. Your main relationship was the Broncos. The goddamn Ravens was your side chick. She don't even count. You're a Bronco. Love if your team, if your team lost today, I don't want you to say foot or ball.


My team won today. Child, please. My team won today. Chap, please. What did, what is this? This ain't no prop. This is a natural helmet. What is this? Did you just not hear me? You spend two years there, man. You put one foot in you soon. Raven, You got, y'all remember Shannon, Sharpe paying, paying for the Ravens? Does anybody remember Shannon? Sharpe And that purple and black, The longevity of your career was in Denver and y'all got Molly walked. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Talk about Y'all got Molly walk. That's the difference between you and I see you count time. I make time count. I was there two years. That's the only difference between you and I. Ocho Hold on. Hey, you think I'm finna steal that bitch there?


Boy, that was a good one. Every boy, you counting time. I'm making time count. That's It. I was there two years, got me a Super Bowl. I'm making time. Lemme Go and put you back. Hey Ocho, lemme go and put you back up. Hey, listen, what you, you spent 12 years as a Bronco. Bron, you are a Bronco. I told you your main relationship with Broncos now your side chick. It was the Ravens. You lost a day Again. I love them. You love who? Sometimes side chicks get beat, get treated better than home.


Nah, Nah, look at it. Sit up in your chair. Let's talk. Let's talk about, let's, let's talk about the Broncos today. No, we been talk about Lamar Jackson. Lamar Jackson competed, completed 16 of 19 pass attempts for 280 yards, three touchdowns and had a com, a perfect quarterback rating 1 58 0.3. Lamar had now has four career games with a perfect quarterback rating with a minimum of 10 passes. He ties the NFL record held by Ben Berger, who also has four such games. Lamar now has 20 passing touchdowns this season after connected with Zay Flowers twice. Patrick Card, once flowers and Jacksons flowers with Jackson's favorite target on Sunday.


Five receptions, a buck 27 in winning six of their past seven games. The Ravens have beaten three teams with a winning record. The Bills, the Commanders, and the Broncos by a combined score of 1 0 6 to 43. But this is the same Baltimore team that lost the two last place teams. They lost to the Browns and they lost to the Ravens. It comes down to the most criticized Ravens defense. When Baltimore holds teams to 25 or fewer points, the Ravens are four and oh Ocho. That's crazy, bruh. They lost to the Ravens and the Browns. I, excuse me. No, they lost to the Raiders and the Browns. You, you know what's funny?


And you see why I was a little optimistic about maybe the Cowboys being able to pull it off, you know, and changing their season around is because on any given Sunday, you never know what's gonna happen. You, you never know what's gonna happen. Now, as dominant as the Ravens are, if he is a, if you are a bettman, if he's a gambler, man, when they paid the Raiders, you putting all your money on the Ravens when they played the Browns, you putting all your money on the browns. But I I I don't understand why it happens. Maybe playing down to the competition, maybe the play calling, like you said, when they played the Browns, they only gave goddamn Derrick Henry the ball. 11 times. How many, how many, how many, how many rushes Derrick Henry had today? 23 for two with two touchdowns and a buckle.


Six. Okay. See, see, may, may, may, maybe that is a formula 34 ru they almost had double the amount of rush attempts as pass attempts last week. It was the flip side. Lamar Jackson threw the ball 19 times today they ran it 34 times. Mm. That's your recipe. That's crazy, man. And because Lamar doesn't need to throw the ball 30 plus times. Right? Because he's gonna be so efficient because the gaps that's gonna be in the defense, right? Because you can't stop D Henry with a light box. So he's throwing against man coverage. And when his zone coverage, they so out of place because they didn't taking them false steps trying to get down when he fakes the ball into D Henry Belly.


Yep. Everybody out of position. Now you out of position. But he's dealing with the ball he's playing. Unbelievable. Yeah. Right now the MVP is Lamar is D Henry is Jerry Golf? Yeah. Okay. Any, anybody else? Anybody anybody else in that race that you would No. Throw a name in the box? No. Okay. Not for me. Not for me. I mean, listen, a a blind man can see it. I'm not gonna mention a blind man name, but a blind man can see there's a chance that, that Lamar Jackson can win his third MVP. Yes. There's a chance that he could win his third MVP. And man, my god, young boy. I know, I know. Young Bull watch. They be, they be watching too. I know Lamar probably Yeah, right now.


But he, he gonna see this boy, you the real deal boy pumping those fines. Boy, I salute you. This is coming from Bangal. Coming from Bengal, but I know One thing. You know who, you know who they play Thursday night? Who they play? Yeah. Okay. I bet they, I bet they put Fus in you. Yeah, I hear, you know, put I bet They put foot in You. I bet it's gonna be Belt the Ass. I belt they put foot in you. I think it's gonna be Belt the Ass and that. And that's respectfully to all my Raven fans. I love you. You know how I feel about you And Baltimore. I got the Ravens. You won't bet not Whatever. Make it lie to yourself. I ain't gonna do you like that. I ain't gonna Do me like that.


Do be like, do me like that. I, I Ain't, I ain't, I ain't gonna take you money. I'm gonna take my money. Listen, you, we just talked about what happened when they played the Raiders. We just talked about what happened when they played the Browns. So you think they, you think, you think the Bengals finna after the today's game against the Raiders? You think we going Talk about, talk about I I remember what they did last time they was in Cincinnati dropped a 41 piece on you. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Stay with me Now. Did you see Joe Burrow today? I don't mean to jump the gun and get off. I saw How many yards did before gets to s last time. No, we what you just talking about last time? We, we've been proved since then. No, you haven't. You defense habit. You just played a bad team. Okay. Remember how y'all went to Philly.


Philly beat y'all 34 17. Okay. All right. All right. Mark my words. He threw for 3 92. He threw for 3 92 against the Ravens. How many touchdowns and five tds and L Jack got it. He can't beat, he can't beat Lamar. He got One thing against Lamar. All right. I know that. I know, I know what the record is. I know. But listen, Lamar wiping his feet. Do what Lamar do to everybody in the end. In the AFC North. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. We'll see though. We'll see Thursday We put something on it, Huh? Nah, he can't hear it.


Mme make make it all right. Make Alright. Alright. Make make it light on yourself then. Make it light on yourself. What you wanna do? You call your price Better band. Who? A band. And I ain't talking and I ain't talking about Fam U or Grambling or Southern. What you wanna do Better band? What you wanna Do? I want a band. Alright. Right. Bet. Bet it. Matter of fact, you know what, since you're talking and I got 10 right here, make it 2000. Be it. Now, now, now what? What, what, what you wanna do? Let's go. Hey Joe. I told you what Joe Burrow said the last time he was in front of the media. We are gonna win seven of the last nine and starting in number one of that next nine was the day.


And the next win is gonna be Thursday. Ain't happening. All right. And that anybody in the chat that got something to say, you better too. Put your side back down. Y'all talking about man, y'all talking about man who? They Well, they playing too good. They playing too good. Yeah. Yeah. They, they playing real good and no, and listen, Lamar Jackson, the Ravens brother Todd Monkin, they are playing phenomenal football. Derrick Henry phenomena. Zay Flowers. Boy I see you boy. I see you. But Thursday No sir. Thursday. No sir. It's over.


It's over for you. I appreciate that. Easy money though. The lions solidified their NFC North stranglehold beating the Packers 24 14 on a rainy, windy gust of winds up to 43 miles an hour. The lions improved to seven and one the best in the NFC North. And the second best record overall in the NFL if not the Lions first outdoor game of the season. Jared Goff didn't let the downpour reign affect his accuracy. Huh? He completed 18 of 22 passes, 145 yards at a touchdown. David Montgomery, Jamir Gibbs combined for 28 rushes 138 yards.


Gibbs had a a rushing touchdowns, lion safety. Brian Branch was ejected after a helmet. The helmet hit. Brady criticized the call. Brady criticized the call, which could get him in trouble with the lead league. Remember, he's not allowed to criticize officials since he's in the, He didn't criticize the officials. He criticized the call in general. So who Made the call? That shoulda been a warning. Who made the call? The officials made the call. But you speak about the call and not agree with it. There should been a Warned get the, get the before we throw another flag.


Would that a awarded No. Look, it's, it's to, but I look Tom is in the moment, Ocho it's hard. He's not thinking, you know what, I'm a minority owner in the Raiders. He's looking at the call like, man, I don't agree with the call. Right, right. But I, I think, I think, I think that's some, especially with a player like Tom that has as much experience playing the game, hearing his point of view being in the booth now, they should have a, he should have a longer lease and they should, should be a little bit more lean with him when it comes to explaining things that whether he he agrees with and things that he doesn't. In that case, I don't agree with it.


I don't, I think Brian maybe he could have, he could have pulled up a little bit. But you have to be careful trying to get players to do things that aren't natural at the natural speed of the game. 'cause you end up hurting yourself. You, you, you agree with him throwing 'em out? No. What, what is that? That's Titus. Lemme see Titus Ocho. Why you calling my name? So everybody need to be knowing my name Titus. Yeah. That's the, that's the hard part about it because Ocho, Ocho Brady has said, don't blame the defender, blame the quarterback.


The same thing we saw in Carolina. David Carr threw that ambulance ball the crystal lobby. What kind of instinct? What, what kind of ball it was? Because his, his his instinct ocho is to catch it. Yeah. That's what receivers do. They catch the ball. Yeah. What you're doing. And, but the lions gimme Jerry Goff, Jerry Goff has like some ungodly stat. He damn near has as many touchdowns as incompletions over his last four games. Gimme his last four games stats Ash. I mean it's like something, something ungodly ocho just like, yeah.


Are you serious? Jordan Love had a pick, which was, it would turn into a pick six. Hey, he saw, he saw He trying to throw a screen. Yeah. He saw the running back was right there. But the goddamn what that was was That the safety? That's Joseph. That was Joseph. Yeah. Joseph's the corner I think. Yeah. He couldn't even see him. No, he was behind the lineman. And so That's the second time Jordan Love did that, you know, panic panicking and letting it go and throwing a, it's not throwing an interception, but throwing a pick six at that. Yeah.


Damn. Yeah. But, but Detroit look good, don't you? They, they, they, they, they, they can run it. They can throw it. You know, Armon St. Brown, they got La Porta. They got Raymond. They got Patrick. Yeah. They got Gibbs and Montgomery in the run game game. They're, they, they are, they're a really good team. Yeah. I still believe they're gonna try to sign a defensive player. You hear, you keep talking about, you keep hearing 'em talking about Ari Smith, the D lineman in Cleveland. Right. People talk about Miles, Garrett. I don't think Cleveland letting Miles Garrett go. And I don't know if they want to play that kind of price knowing they got Aiden Hutchinson coming back next year. CROs, max Cro CROs Crosby.


I like, I I look, I think he would be perfect in Detroit. Yeah. But you hear Davis saying he's not the owner saying he's not gonna get, he's not gonna, you know, trade him. They owners say all kind of things. Do I say all kind of things now for, for the right. Mark Davis is his name. Excuse me. Mark Davison. Yeah. Owners say all kind of things and for the right price and the right compensation, they'll come up, come off of, come up off of anything in any, anyone. Especially why make him suffer? Why make him suffer? Even though I think the identity of the Raiders defense is Mac Crosby don't make the man suffer. You know, you don't have a chance this season. Allow him to go to a contender.


Allow him to win and, and, and see what, what he can make of himself over there in Detroit. Probably challenge for a championship. Yeah. I I, I think, I think it, it would be dope. Hell, same thing for goddamn miles. Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home.


Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things.


Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus Live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped, being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from ha ha to to ha ha Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart Tlo, efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase QV Ffc works by visiting viv gart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A rt.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen X


Number one, New York Times bestselling author, Jennifer Ill Almond Trout brings you the first book in her Flesh and fire series. A shadow in the Ember, born in the Veil of the Primal Fin's. Future has never been hers chosen before birth. To uphold the desperate deal of her ancestor, Sarah must leave behind her life offering herself to the primal of death. Sarah has always known that she is chosen an assassin until the primal of death chases away the darkness within her. A shadow in the ember, available in print, ebook and audiobook where all books are sold.


Jerry, golf numbers, Arizona. He was 18 or 23, 1 99, 70 8% completion Monday night against Seattle. He was 18 of 18, 2 92, a hundred percent completion against the Cowboys. He was 18 or 25, 3 15, 72 complete, 72% completion, three touchdowns against Minnesota. He was 22 or 25, 80 8% completion, two touchdowns against Tennessee. He was 12 or 15, three touchdowns. And today in that weather, he was in the rain. He was 18 or 22. 1 45 and one touchdown. In the rain. In the rain.


That's good work in the rain. That's good work. And he had the nerve to get rid of him. Felt he was done, sent him out to the pastures. He ain't do nothing. But he rose like on the third day. Like, you know who Yeah, I mean, it's, it's, look, I, I still think the Detroit's in play here for one of these big time. I'm not gonna be surprised if we come breaking news. They trade for a big name defensive player, Right? Oh, the deadline deadline on Tuesday. Yeah, Tuesday, November 5th. Yeah. You hear talks about Kansas City in play for Marshawn.


Marshawn Latimore. Oh my god. That's not fair. Now they, they that's they cheating there. They cheating. You see the difference and the team, when the team say they going for it, when the team say they're all in and they're trying to do, and you see the steps they take versus all in people that talk about's. All that's all in. Okay. If SPS and Andy Reed have an opportunity to add Marshawn Latimore, who was great at man to man, superior at Man to man not playing zone. Yeah. And spa could do something else he wants to do because you know, lot more can lock down one side of the field by himself. And they got, they already got a cornerback.


That was the heat the second year. He was an all pro last year. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, that'd be a great addition. That'd be a great addition to their team. Boy. God damn. Yeah. It's, yeah. Detroit Detroit's rolling around, rolling along 71. They did a number on Green Bay, green Bay six and three, Minnesota six and two. So that division Chicago's what, 500 now? Yeah. Five And four. You're five and four. Damn. That's crazy.


Chicago's four and four, but they're 500 now. Okay. Oh, they could have been five and four if Stevenson had have been dancing around and then he get mad because he got benched. And then what did want to show up for practice or he walked outta practice. What, what did he do at practice? He, well, Okay, we coming, we gonna talk about that later. Alright. Eagle beat the Jags. 28 23 sa hit the backwards hurdle. Devonte Smith one-handed touchdown grab eagles. Almost let this one slip away. The failed two, they failed to convert the brother. The brotherly shove two point conversion. They turned the ball over on fourth and one. Jake Elliot missed 57 yard field goal attempt to give the Jaguar the last tat to beat them.


But Kobe Dean interception in the end zone saved the game. Yeah. Ocho did you watch this game? Ocho you watch a lot of this game? Yeah, I, I, I watched, I watched spurts of it because I had multiple games going on at once. So my head was on swivel, left to right, left to right, left to right. Like I was watching the goddamn tennis match. But I was able to watch most of it. I saw some of the Saquon plays. I saw Devonte Smith do one Hander. He did other, other than that. I remember tweeting that the Eagles look good. I tweeted this not long ago. I said, the Eagles look so good. There's a chance they'll probably be playing for a Super Bowl championship. And everybody tweeted me back.


Hell no, we not, not with Knix Ciani as a coach. And I simply said, even with the Inconsist, the inconsistency at the head coaching position that people are complaining about the offense is so good that I think they can overcome any coaching roles. I think they can overcome any coaching roles as long as they play defense, I think they'll be fine. Well, but nobody, nobody, nobody agrees with me. No, nobody does Because they, they don't look as good as the lions. The lions look great. Yeah. And here's the problem. They're probably gonna have to manage AJ with this hamstring.


Now they didn't release the injury of AJ 'cause he left this game Ocho. So it's gonna be interesting to see how this thing plays out because they're gonna have to manage him. I don't believe they can go all the way without a healthy AJ Brown. Wait, he went out, he just came back from Hamstring, Didn't he? Yep. I I, I, I don't know. Sirianni did not say after the game what the injury was, but he left and didn't return. Damn. So it's gonna be interesting to see moving forward. Right. Because I don't think they can go to where they trying to get to without him. Oh. And I'm, I'm sick of this shit man.


But that moves Saquon hit on, on for 14 yards. Ocho Hey, he hopped over. The dudes backwards. Backwards. Hold on. He spun. He made somebody Miss did a spin in in the middle of the spin because he was already behind. He knew, he knew the guy was gonna go low and jumped over him a, a reverse what you call that? Reverse. What a reverse hurdle. There it is. Bru had a reverse hurdle. Chad, y'all don't understand a reverse hurdle. That's like a wrestling move. You know when they sling somebody into the turn buckle and they hop over. Yeah. Jump, jump over Backwards.


Look, that's, that's as good a move that you're gonna see for him to be able to do that. But I'm confused. There was a play late in the ball game where they're trying to run out. He hurdles a guy and slides down. I don't know if you saw it. No. And the reporters didn't ask him about it. Right. They didn't ask him about it. And I don't think they asked Sirianni about it. And I'm trying to figure out what was going through his mind. Did he think they were out of timeouts? Did he think he had the first down? I, I'm confused why he would slide in that situation instead of getting the first down. So I was confused. I think he miscalculated. It'd be very interesting to hear what his thought process was and why he did that.


Yep. Somebody was probably in his ear. Somebody was probably in his ear and told him to do that. He, they, he just didn't realize the situation and the fact that he did need the first down. I call that. I call it, you know what I call that? I call that over coaching. Yeah. Over over coaching. You had your player thinking more than they should instead of just playing the goddamn game and probably based on a situation and having a situational awareness in that moment, you'll know to get the first down and then slide. I agree. I I was surprised that, that he did it. 'cause I I I was like, what was say Saquon, you gotta get the first down in that situation, you had to have miscalculated something, something because there ain't no way he's sliding like that.


'cause he slid like he thought he had the first down. Right. And so, or he didn't think they had any more timeouts, but they had two timeouts and they had the two minute warning. So I was, I was just totally confused by what he did in that play. But the play that he had was, was, was incredible. The, that caught the pass. Spin hop backwards. I don't even know. Can you do that in Madden? No, no. You you Will. I bet they added, I bet they added it. You think so? I they they they prob they probably can they matter of fact it should, it should be ape a feature specifically for him. Because I mean, a lot of people hurdle, a lot of people hurdle.


So they, they might as well add it just a, a reverse hurdle. I like it. That's dope. That's dope. The Panthers, I still don't understand. What did you understand The Giants man and just like, just like how do you watch Sequan week in and week out and say, you know what? I, I think it's best we part ways with this because you don't value the position. I I I don't get it, but okay. Hey, go ahead. The Panthers beat the Saints 23, 22. Chris VE stretched off the field after a scary hit. O Lava's brother was active on Twitter, bro.


Just called. He's up and active. One follower said might be time to have that talk might be time to have that. Is it worth it? Talk Joshua Lave who's the brother of Chris. It ain't worth it. And Nola. Mm. I tell you that. Mm. Hey everybody upset at at Derrick Cowboy. Everybody's upset at Derrick Carr. I saw Cam Jordan, you know, walking away. He didn't even go in the locker room. I think the players upset. I think the players are fed up with this play. Obviously playing a game against the Carolina, Carolina Panthers.


And when you look at it on your schedule, based on the way they played this year, that's a game you should win. Yeah. That's bad. That's, that's a game you should win. And due to the quarterback play and an inconsistency at the quarterback position that they, they weren't able to pull it off on that fourth down. I think it, what, what was it? Fourth and two? Yeah, fourth and fourth and fourth, whatever it might have been. You talking about Derek Carter, he throw him gold ball. Why do you throw a go? What do we do? What do we, what do we, Bro, he making it seem like he been light it up all day. He was 18 or 31. Why? Why, Why is that your first choice? Especially in that scenario? Why do you throw the ball that has the the The least, the least percent.


Least percent. Exactly. But that's not making any sense. At least give you team a chance. At least, at least give him a chance. I don't, I don't understand what he was thinking in that situation. And I, I, I know Listen, I I know the players hot. Huh? I know the players are hot. You know. Yeah. You just lost to the worst team. You just lost to the worst team. But hey Saints, I don't know if y'all noticed this, but y'all done lost seven straight. So are we sure the Panthers are the worst team in the NFL and it's not the Saints. I know they got talent. You look at Cama and you look at a lava and you look at Cam Jordan, you look at Marshawn Latimore and DeMar Davis and the Honey Badger. I know I can throw out some names for you.


Oh, Hold on. Think about how they think about the first two weeks of the season. Yeah. Averaging 40 plus points a game. Man. I thought the same man. I thought the Saints was finna finna run the table. Boy. I thought he was finna run the table. Derek Carr look good. Kamar look good. The offense look good. You know, I just, I I don't know what happened. I don't know. Michael Thomas goes in Carr. Bing. But they fired all them coaches trying to cover his flaws up and still he doing the Sameish. Dude tried to lie and say I was jealous of them making Chris a lave wide receiver number one whole time. He can't even get him a decent ball. He needed butt whip this year.


Buddy Whip first team All Pro that year. His buddy went first team All Pro in 2022. He needed 180 Target just to catch a hundred passes. He is. But on my granny do scary and panic just throws the ball. Get him the F outta here. He's soak but Damn man. Okay. Derek Carr for you. I've been told y'all ish Sad Saints Player Pro game reaction shows they've officially given up on the season. Cam Jordan, we just lost to the Panthers. I love y'all. New Orleans truly had higher expectations, right?


And the best of hopes of us for us, y'all deserve it. Kaylin Sanders said fans keep saying lose. So we get the number one pick. Hell throw me in the quarterback ish. Let's have something fun, something fun to watch. He then tweeted mofo cheekbone chicken. Hey boy, they hot. Huh? Do all y'all deserve better? My only goal is to finish above 500 at this point. Canals was mom saying Bryce Young, she'll be the starter next week, man. Who gonna be the starter canals? Oh, you going back to Andy Dalton? So he, he playing games again?


Yes. Why even play game? You know what? All right. All right. Bryce Young was your quarterback today. Your team won the game. Why not? Just why, why do, why Do? Yeah. Bryce played really well. Look forward to him to get back in there and build on This is hopefully gives them some confidence. Yeah. Nah, we'll see how it shakes. Let's not even talk about them no more. Joe. The Bengals beat the Raiders. 41 24. Joey B gets the win. Only six more to fulfill the OCHO promise of seven wins and nine games.


Rookie. Jermaine Burton was a healthy scratch after missing walkthrough on Saturday. Joe Burrow just didn't have, have little to do, have to do the little things right. Mike Hilton, you're a grown man. Nobody's gonna baby you anymore. What do you think Ocho? The Bengals won Joe Burrow. How many touchdowns Joe Burrow threw today? Huh? Five. He, he was 27 to 39. 2 51 5. Touchdown. And to pick that guy, Ocho, that guy studied the hell out some film.


That's like the second or third time he gonna pick the jailbreak Cree. Jack Jones did that last year too. He did, he did it last year too. Listen, he did. I I tweeted. I tweeted he did it. I tweeted and some of the people complained. Well if I think maybe Yoshi, if he said if, if Yoshi had made the block. Listen, Jack is reacting as soon as the ball snaps based on patient recognition and he already knows it's coming And he see he once, once he sees Chase bubble, he gone, he Gone. He he gone right to He know what's coming. Yeah. You really can't, you really can't even get to the block or make an attempt to block him. 'cause he already know what's going on. And sometimes that's why you, you have that guy Yoshi that's normally gonna block you that have him go up the rail because the guy's gonna react like Jack Jones do and then you hit him up the rail.


Yes, sir. So, Oh, That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good, you Can get him. But if you throw that ball, if he get a reaction like that Right, and you throw that ball to Chase, it's going the other way. If he can catch other way. Yeah. Hey, but again, on Jma, on Jermaine Burton being late, obviously doing, doing the same thing that that d did, I haven't had the chance to talk to Young Bull. I think TJ Hus Mazada is a mentor of his, he, they, he trains with him and I think tj, TJ gotta talk to him. TJ gotta get in his ear. They, they're, they're tolerated. They're tolerated until they can replace you. Now Jermaine is, burden is a special talent. He has a lot of talent. He can help his offense in a tremendous way, especially with his speed and, and being able to stretch defenses.


So I, I would like for him to, to do whatever he needs to do. I'm, I'm not sure I, I'll probably reach out to him. You gotta do little things, man. One, if you do little things right, you know it, it'll, it'll, it'll pay off for you. It'll, it'll pay off for you. So I wanna See the old Bengals would've tolerated this behavior, but the new Bengals aren't. I love, I love what Joe Burrow said. I Knix, I love what Mike Hilton said, bro, ain't nobody babysitting your ass. You grown ass man. Right, Right, right, right, right, Right. Get here, be professional, show up on time, do your job, do what you're supposed to do and let's go try to win football games. Right. You know what he should do? I mean, he was sitting on the bench. Did you see, I look, I don't know what was said, but he was sitting on the bench next to Joe Burrow.


Joe Burrow said something to him and got up, walked away. Jermaine Burton gets up, walks away, Joe Burrow goes, sits back down on the bench. Nah, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't see that. I ain't see that. Take a Look at it. He said something. I don't know if he said Don't sit next to me or what are you doing over here? No, he ain't say that. Now He said something because all I know is he got up and when Burton got up, he went back and sat down. That's all I'm saying. Now you deduce for whatever you want Deduce from that. But check a clip, send him that clip Ash. Yeah. Matter of fact, you know, Joe might be upset. Joe might be upset because he understands how good he is, Mike. Yeah. Oh, well, he does understand how good he is and how he can help. He can help the team and he's hurting the team by not being available, by not doing the little things.


Right. If you came through the little things like show up, practice, catch the ball, then you won't be able to help us on Sundays. So hopefully he'll get it together and add another dynamic and another weapon to the offense that Joe can use. And Joe probably frustrated Joe, probably. And when your quarterback gets frustrated, that's not a good thing that that's the wrong person. You don't want on your side as, As sent you as sent it sent you the, the clip. Okay. Lemme see this real quick. But Joe tried to win games. I love that Joe. Holding people accountable. And that's what you have to do. Your best players must hold everybody accountable. Your best players must be your hardest workers. Your best players need to set the standard in which everybody conforms to.


That's what happens. That's how you win. Oh yeah. He said, oh, he said something now. Okay, now you, he said something, Hey listen, body language and mannerisms, you could tell something wrong. Body language and mannerism, you could tell something wrong. Yeah, he pissed. He said, I don't know Ocho, we can deduce, but We don know what he said, but he turned and he said something to Burton. He got up and when Burton got up, he went back and sat down. Yeah. He hot boy. He gonna, he he gonna get right. He gonna get right.


He gonna get right. Yeah. See, I'm, listen, I'm, I'm I, I listen, he probably got enough people in this ear already. I I don't want to be, you know, one of those, he got, he got tj, I'm sure he's who's just gonna Reach out. But that's why he didn't fall in. That's why he fell in the draft. He had issues at Georgia. He had issues at Alabama. Right. That's why he dropped. Right. We're not making this stuff up. Right. Right, right, right, right, right, right. He dropped ocho. Yeah. And lot sometimes guys can have red. That's why they call them red flags. They're warning signs. Sometimes guys have flags and they say, you know what, it's time for me to mature. I'm not a kid. I'm not in college anymore. I'm a professional. I'm a I'm an adult. I need to conduct my, I need to conduct myself as such, and then somebody use it as a, that's who I am.


Okay. Nah, you Can't do, they're tolerate it until they can replace it. Not this level, not this level. Because they listen. Your visit can be real short. Huh? Your your visit can be real short of course. So they get back on the winning track. 41 24. The impressive win over the Oakland, Oakland, Las Vegas Raiders, The Volume


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


Have You Googled yourself lately? Are there negative posts from an ex-employee or from a former client? Maybe an outdated news article. Search engines don't always get it right. For right or wrong, it's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. Take control with Reputation Defender. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert.


Your Teen requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You drive your teenager around a lot to their friend Jacob's house, their other friend Jake's house, to James', to Jayden's to Jaylin's too. Oh Mom, this is Jake's house, not Jacob's. Now with an Uber teen account, your team can request a ride under your supervision. The ride with a highly rated driver. And with live trip tracking, you'll follow along the whole ride to their friend's houses. That all sound the same. Add your team to your Uber account today. See app for details. Bye, mom,


At your job, do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click grainger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search Against the Rules Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.