Turbo Tax (1s):
Hi, I am Leah Palmer. And I'm Matt still. And we host the hit iHeartPodcasts grownup stuff. I started my own small business this year, so I'm excited to learn about business taxes. Leah, congrats. Just keep in mind that 93% of small businesses overpay on their taxes. So stay on top of those deductions and savings while After consulting a TurboTax business expert on maximizing tax savings for my small business, I'm set up for tax success. Well, with all the money you're saving, I think coffee's on you. Learn more about TurboTax Business support at turbotax.com/business.

Factor (36s):
Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial, results will vary depending on diet and exercise.

Lenovo (1m 11s):
Creativity doesn't weight and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo, your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo, we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you in every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.

DSW (2m 10s):
Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.

4 (2m 42s):
The Volume

DraftKings (2m 45s):
Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams. Toing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the Rack with DraftKings Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

Boost Mobile (4m 19s):
Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.

7 (5m 2s):
D Wade, Ocho d Wade says the first moment he thought LeBron might leave Miami is when Pat Riley took his cookies. See Pat Riley's trying to try to show I run the show. That's too much. Not look at you,

9 (5m 15s):
That's too much. That's way too

7 (5m 16s):
Much. You doing too much. You don't, you

9 (5m 17s):
Don't, you

7 (5m 18s):
Don't bother. You mean to tell, you mean to tell me You trying to prove a point. So you take the man cookies,

9 (5m 24s):
Hey Unc, you never bother. A person's never bother person's flow and all the in which in way they travel a routine in which they like to eat, in which they like to prepare. You never do that. That has nothing to do with the game of basketball. I understand. Trying to set a precedent. I understand control, You know, but over abusing your power

7 (5m 50s):
Cookie

9 (5m 50s):
Mocho, come on now. That that, that that's too much. You took the bad cookie. So a I have a question. Do you think there's a chance you think that might have been the last straw?

7 (5m 59s):
Yes. Because there, look, there are some things that LeBron wanted like, like Maverick and Randy tr potentially traveling on the plane, right. Having access like that he had in Cleveland, so forth and so on. We know Pat Riley limited that if he didn't mix it all together, okay, fine. Probably here's the thing, you knew that when he came in there, 'cause LeBron team, LeBron's gonna lay out right? What he expects, right? When he went to the Lakers, he told magic Randy, blah blah blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But we playing ain't gonna travel. Rich father married. Okay, do you want the do I'm sure when Tom Brady went to Tampa, yeah, I need Alex my guy to be here.

7 (6m 47s):
Yeah. I need him to have be able to set up so forth and so on. Okay. You knew that. You knew that you get the man there. It's almost like a recruiting visit, right? Oh yeah, you gonna start, you gonna start once I get your ass on campus, you don done sign that letter of intent. I do what the hell I wanna do. Now you can't do that anymore because them guys jump in the portal on your ass. Oh, excuse me. They jump in the portal on your tail OCHO and then you, you you in trouble. Right? But I don't get this Pat Riley, I I I mean there are some things that he said about he was telling Phil Jackson and Phil Jackson, he got up like LeBron wanted to stay and then like for Thanksgiving, blah blah blah. And I just, but I, I can, I can see now, I can see now to do that.

7 (7m 30s):
Right? That's petty. That's you, that's you trying to show I run the

9 (7m 34s):
Show. Yeah. I mean see, and that's unnecessary because very, think about LeBron Stan a few extra years in Miami. How many more rings do they get? But you sacrifice that because you wanna prove a point and showing that you in a position of power now look at you and you wanna over overuse it. And even now, now the stuff with Jimmy Butler. Yep. I'm not saying Jimmy's right. I'm not saying Pat is wrong because internally I'm not there. But there's always an issue where there's a power struggle. It shouldn't be a power struggle if be wanting to do one thing, everybody, the main thing should be the main thing. If you're part of the Miami Heat, pat Riley's main goal, you would wanna be winning championships and having the best team, best

7 (8m 19s):
Product.

9 (8m 20s):
So if

7 (8m 21s):
Ocho, if cookies were the issue, do You know how many cookies would be on that damn plane?

9 (8m 27s):
Oh, okay. I got you. Yeah.

7 (8m 29s):
Do You know Yeah. What, what, where do you want the cookies from? Are these gourmet cookies that we need to go to a special shop Right. Or these regular chips or hoy or some type of chocolate chip that we can buy from a local grocery store. Right? I just need to know LeBron what it is because I promise you there is not a superstar player in any sport. Lemme ask you a question. If Tony shows up and says he wants something special, they're gonna have, if he says there's a Japanese cuisine that I need to have before every game and I need to make sure when we travel, I have it, I guarantee you they're gonna have it.

9 (9m 9s):
Absolutely.

7 (9m 9s):
If Patrick Mahomes, Joe Burrow, if, if whatever superstar player, if Shay goes to OKC, I don't know what the delicacy is in Oklahoma. I don't. I've only been there once. Yeah. But I guarantee you if Shay says I want this on the plane, we gonna have that. I mean, little old me, I say, Mike, we wanna watch the fight. Mike would have it. Mike, we won't need this on the plane. Mike would get it. You mean to tell me you took LeBron James cookies for what?

9 (9m 41s):
Right.

7 (9m 42s):
If the man's o if the man, if LeBron's overweight, I said, Hey bro, you need to cut back on these. Right. When is LeBron James not been in shape? We marvel at his body and you're year 22. Pause. We've done that since he was gotten to the league as a 18-year-old rookie. Yeah,

9 (9m 58s):
Yeah, yeah. There's

7 (9m 60s):
Not a time that LeBron has not been in shape. Right. But like you said, this was a power trip. Yeah,

9 (10m 7s):
But

7 (10m 7s):
You won the battle. You lost the war Pat.

9 (10m 11s):
That's that's unfortunate. That's unfortunate. Now we don't even have a chance to come out east. I think we, matter of fact, we still coming out east. Go ahead.

7 (10m 20s):
No, you're not. Y'all can't beat Boston. Y'all can't beat Cleveland. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Y'all can't beat the Knicks. What?

9 (10m 26s):
We can't what

7 (10m 29s):
Beat Boston. Cleveland or the Knicks not on the seven game series. Y'all might win a game. I know, but y'all ain't winning seven games. I know y'all, y'all not winning four games.

9 (10m 37s):
I know. I I just want to get excited. I just wanna get excited. I know. We, we need, we need, we need two more pieces.

7 (10m 45s):
And you how d Wade explains it. D Wade said he knew he was upset. See, that man pushed back from the table. He didn't play cards no more. Yeah.

9 (10m 53s):
Yeah. That's mess. Don't, don't mess up a routine. Don't mess up a routine that I'm probably think about how long he LeBron been doing that routine of having those cookies on that flight.

7 (11m 5s):
Yes

9 (11m 6s):
Man. Yes man, let me get up outta here.

7 (11m 9s):
And I, I mean I've heard this is not D Wade is not the first person that I've heard Lebr LeBron crazy about chocolate chip cookie. Right? And to do that, that I thought that was petty. I think it, I think it was unnecessary but I think it was Pat Riley tried to prove a point that I run this show and if I don't want no cookies on this plane, ain't gonna be no damn damn cookies on this plane unnecessary. And LeBron says, You know what? You right this your, this your ish.

9 (11m 35s):
Yeah. I take my show on the road.

7 (11m 37s):
Kevin Durand is expected to be traded this offseason Bill report Quick, lemme call the mask have shown interest in pairing him and Kyrie and ad What's K's best landing spot? Ocho Hold

9 (11m 47s):
On, hold on. This gonna be funny. Lemme see if you answer.

7 (11m 50s):
I'm trying to figure out who got the assets. Hell, he probably played. No, they played last night.

9 (12m 8s):
Where in Dallas?

7 (12m 10s):
Man, if they could play him, if they pair him with K Kyrie and Ad

9 (12m 15s):
Man ain't answer yes, he probably probably saw my name and ain't answer on purpose. Man. He probably watching the show. Listen, do you think, what's the chances, let's say if Kevin Durant is able to go to Dallas with Kyrie, what's they, what, what do you think their chances are at? Are winning a chip? You sure

7 (12m 42s):
A great chance.

9 (12m 45s):
So that's the one piece of the puzzle that's missing

7 (12m 46s):
A great chance. I'm positive.

9 (12m 54s):
Oh shit. I'm you pair

7 (12m 55s):
KD with I'm forgetting with AD and

9 (12m 59s):
I'm somebody what, how two headed Monster? I'm, man, that's a three headed monster. Man. I just thought about that. Hold on, UNC, hold on. Stay with me now why not go over there? Over there in la? Yes, Luca and

7 (13m 11s):
Yes. I don't think, I don't think he wants to pair with Broun. I think he wants to compete against Broun. I I think a lot of people were surprised that he pair with Steph. Wait, maybe normally historically transcendent great players don't go pair with other ones. Okay. Okay.

9 (13m 36s):
Okay.

7 (13m 36s):
Wait. But, and plus the Lakers don't, Lakers don't have anything to give up. They don't have any draft compensation. Now had they saved those, that compensation, okay, what they gave up for Rus to get Russ and gave up all those assets, they would've had some assets and who knows but Right. I think in order for them, in order for the Phoenix, they gave up a lot to get kd. They gave, they gave up a lot of picks. They're gonna try to claw some of that thing back. I think book is the only untouchable. He was drafted there, they traded Bradley Bill's gonna have to wave his no trade if he, if he's going to go somewhere. We'll see how that pans out.

7 (14m 17s):
But KD is is the piece that they could, that's can, they could extract the most draft capital and player. Dang. Because I don't think book, I don't think they're moving book. I mean I met, I met the son's owner, Matt Ishma, I went to the WNBA All Star game and had an opportunity to meet with him. Right. And talked to him and he was great. Yeah. But I know he wants to win and spend that kind of money. O Joe. I'm trying to win. I ain't trying to win. I'm trying to win yesterday. Damn. Tomorrow. Yesterday. So, and KD gave me, said, look, I, I cost a lot, You know, to come in there the middle of the season, not have any, You know, time cha another one, but I think KD wants to win a championship and he's gone two places, right?

7 (15m 6s):
Yeah. Two places. And it hadn't worked out well.

9 (15m 8s):
Well, I really thought that stopping Brooklyn was gonna be held.

7 (15m 11s):
Phoenix is not a success. I

9 (15m 13s):
Thought them boys were gonna be held. Boy,

7 (15m 20s):
They, it'd been interesting had the situa. Well You know, he got, first of all, when he got there he was hurt. So he didn't play the first year ocho. And then Kyrie got Nick, so Kyrie didn't play. So they're playing good, You know, them and Harden and You know, harden like tweak his hamstring Kyrie steps on somebody's ankle. Right? And that's the second year. And they got beat in the divisional round. The semifinals the next year, You know, with that covid issue and it just, harden gets traded. They move on from Kyrie.

7 (16m 1s):
Katie's like, bro, y'all ain't finna leave me here by myself. I see where y'all going. Let me go elsewhere. Boom, boom. And he ends up in Phoenix. James Harden goes to Philly. Now he's in the Clippers. Kyrie gets traded to Dallas. Kyrie wanted to go to go to la but they would tick that Kyrie and it was not gonna trade him where he wanted to go. He lands in a good spot with Luca and Dallas And the rest is, as they say, history. But Kevin ran with the Dallas Mavericks with AD and Kyrie. Oh yeah. Championship there. Yeah. They gonna be first or second favorites to win the championship. Oh yeah, yeah, for sure.

7 (16m 45s):
They got a guy that can, that command the back end. Now it all depends on how much they gotta give up. But even if you gotta give up, I mean they gonna probably want all your, all your pitch for the foreseeable future, which you don't care about because you feel you gonna be picking way down. So there's not gonna be in the lottery.

9 (17m 3s):
Right.

7 (17m 4s):
So they're gonna want a bunch of unprotected picks. They gonna,

9 (17m 6s):
They gonna, they gonna make it, they gonna make it happen. They gonna make it happen. The fact that it's coming out, You know, so this early and now you got have that on your mind and You know, obviously block it out and finish the season, You know the right way. That, that's crazy how that happens.

Future Health (17m 21s):
Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone Right. These game-changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary, vary sponsored by future health.

Chime (17m 51s):
Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp Bank A or Stride Bank NA Spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.

Turbo Tax (19m 26s):
Hi, I am Leah Palmer. And I'm Matt still. And we host the hit iHeartPodcasts grownup stuff. I started my own small business this year, so I'm excited to learn about business taxes. Leah, Congrats. Just keep in mind that 93% of small businesses overpay on their taxes. So stay on top of those deductions and savings While after consulting a TurboTax business expert on maximizing tax savings for my small business. I'm set up for tax success. Well, with all the money you're saving, I think coffee's on you. Learn more about TurboTax Business support at turbotax.com/business.

Safeway (20m 1s):
Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks from Doritos, Cheez-Its and Pringles or Sweet Treats from Haagen-Dazs, kinder Bueno and Reese's plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.

7 (20m 35s):
Today, the athletic reported the Mavs had an issue with Luca smoking hookah and drinking beer makes no sense. The people who witnessed Luca's last days in Dallas do a do not paint a flattering portrait of the 25 year olds. Professionalism. They called him lazy. They talk about the weight issues that with such frequent frustration within those walls. They mentioned the social habits that athletic has reported on such as taste for beer and hookah, which have been a point of concern for NBA type since he was 19-year-old star for the real Madrid who was entering the NBA draft. They predict his basketball demise highlighting healthy health history. That is some will, will likely lead to catastrophic cata.

7 (21m 18s):
Oh, ooh, catastrophe in the next five years or so. Damn,

9 (21m 24s):
Damn.

7 (21m 25s):
Look, he ocho I mean he came, he was 19 years old. He is been a professional since he was like 16. He's been playing. Look, I I've been, it seems to be the thing now going to the hookah bar or the hookah lounge or whatever the case is and you smoke hook could have a good time. He clearly, you remember last year he had a beer and Finley, Michael Finley took it out of his hand. I don't, I don't know what's true. I think maybe, I think two things can be true. I think they were scared to pay him 3,340 $5 million. I also think they was concerned about his professionalism and the way he conducted himself. Not only off the court but on the court as well.

7 (22m 6s):
Go ahead.

9 (22m 7s):
Wait on the court. Can I on Luca

7 (22m 10s):
On the court. They, they got tired of all the arguing. All the moping, the pouting and things of that nature with, with the

9 (22m 15s):
Ref. Yes. Okay. Okay. Listen. That, that, that, that's, I, to me, I would think Luca reminds me of a, of a great player I played with arguing with the ref when he, when he fell, he deserved the call. He didn't get a call. He goes back and forth the rest. TJ Hus Ada, he remind me of TJ and most of the time, nine times outta 10 TJ was right. Especially we went back and watched when we watched film. Right. Now, when I look at Luca all I can see Unc Luca plays the game a certain way at a very, very high level where he's top three, maybe top five in the, in the NBA right now, correct me if I'm wrong. So you mean to tell me as good as Luca is, they don't wanna pay him the money.

9 (22m 55s):
They wanna pay him because he has an issue with beer and has an issue with smoking hookah. Can I tell you what other players might be doing as well that might not display the same behavior but still getting their bag? Yeah. Can we think about you? You an NFL player. You play, you, you play with linemen. Linebackers, they drink, they smoke. But when it comes time to performing, when it comes time to performing, what do they do when they show up on Sunday? On They do what? Get

7 (23m 31s):
The job done.

9 (23m 33s):
Okay. They, they get the job done. I think that should be the bottom that that should, that should be the bottom line. Now finding reasons why not to pay someone and saying, well you smoking hookah and you drinking beer is the reason we don't feel like paying you. But the production that you do want as a player for that franchise is showing up.

7 (23m 50s):
Yeah.

9 (23m 51s):
Now it's hard for me to even talk about something like this when I don't drink at all. Right. And I don't smoke no hookah. Now my issue is cigars. So it's hard for me to kind of interject and understand where people will come from. Right. When the main goal, for me, the main thing is always the main thing. What are you doing once you touch the field or once you touch the court? That's what I'm paying you for right now. What you choose to do in your own time that's on you now when it affects your plate and your production. Now we got a problem. Right?

7 (24m 21s):
I think the thing is, is that they felt Luke of being a leader. He should be a little bit more professional as far as okay, don't smoke. I I, like I said, this is speculation Ocho and I hate speculating. Yes sir. And Conjecturing sir. But yes sir. For them to get off a player that's 25 years of age, that's a five time all NBA player. At this juncture of his career, he has more first team all NBA election than LeBron did. And he's the quickest. I have a quick on to 5,000 points. Okay? When LeBron James was the quickest of 1000 all the way through 35,000 or 40,000, he was the quickest and he's three games ahead of what LeBron was at the, at the 5,000 point pace.

7 (25m 1s):
With that being said, Ocho, I, I think the thing is there's a combination of, there's a lot of things that work here. Paying him $70 million a year until he is age 30, the habits, because guess what? Those habits, as you start to get age, now your body starts to break down and we're on the hook. We see now all of a sudden that three year extension for Joel and bead at 1 93, it ain't looking too good, is it Ocho?

9 (25m 27s):
Ah,

7 (25m 28s):
It ain't so, and that's how the, you have to, and for me, look, I'm always gonna be pro player 'cause I always want them to get their money because the, the, the team team making money. But I as being a business owner myself, you understand there are certain things you try to protect yourself against down the road. Oh. And so I got you. And people always like pay, pay, pay. It's easy to say when it's somebody else's money. That's money. Yeah. Imagine when you, and when some you feel somebody's trying to take advantage of you, I give you like somebody's working and you look, man, you trying to overcharge me, nah, I'm good. But if it was somebody else's money, you would pay it in this situation. And there might be, there's some truth on every side.

7 (26m 10s):
Maybe Luca, I don't think Luca, everybody ain't going to have the work ethic as LeBron, Kobe and Jordan. Okay. Let's go ahead and clear that out. There's a lot of people that do things a lot of different ways. There's more ways to, to get to the bottom of something than just going straight to it. Mm. With that being said, I understand, I might not agree with it, but I understand the Maverick's take, we gotta pay this guy $70 million a year.

9 (26m 39s):
Yeah. I-I-I-I-I got you. I got you. I I, I understand.

7 (26m 42s):
I understand. I think Luke, Luke was like, and now, and maybe this is what Luca needed. Ocho maybe he maybe like, yeah, because I don't know if Luca realized how good he can be because once you start having success, you remember like when you, when you worked out really hard that first off season and you had that success, you became obsessed with having that level of success. So it was nothing to get Ocho when somebody said, Ocho come up. Nah bro, I gotta go get this work in this morning. I gotta work on these, these ladders. I gotta work on these cone drills. I gotta work on this high hand eye coordination. I gotta get that done. Luke ain't gonna never have nobody like LeBron, he ain't gonna have nobody like the Dwight Howard.

7 (27m 25s):
He ain't finna have no caps on his shoulder. He gonna look like that. He going, he get in shape, he gonna look like Yoic. So if y'all think he gonna have caps on his shoulder like LeBron, I mean and Dwight Howard, that's not what he is. Right. Right. But I do think, I do think now when you get traded, you get released. It's a wake up call because You know you feeling good o you. Yeah. That's why he was so hurt by it Ocho because think about this shook the, this shook the NBA they said at never look at all that. Have a player of this caliber been traded that didn't ask for a trade. Kareem asked for a trade.

7 (28m 6s):
Right? The greats asked for, You know what funny for trades, you didn't ask for this

9 (28m 9s):
Right now. You know, You know what's funny? You gave me your, you gave me your perspective of of of being a business owner and not wanting to invest that kind of money into a player, but to me is still some type of red flag where I'm really not believing the reason you don't wanna invest that type of money based on the accolades that you just ran down with. This young bull has been able to do in such a short amount of time. It got to be more to it than some goddamn beer and hookah. They got to be more

7 (28m 37s):
To what they, what they said. They called him lazy. They talk about the weight issue. There was such a s frequent frustration within the walls. They mentioned his social habits that the athletic has reported on Taste of beer and hookah, which have been a, a concern for NBA type since he was 19. So he came into the league and You know, you had, but the problem is also they say they predict his basketball demise highlighting a healthy history that as some see it will likely lead to a catastrophe in the next five years or so.

9 (29m 13s):
Oh my goodness.

7 (29m 14s):
Ocho this is what we know Ocho this is what we know haven't played the game. Those teams see when players think they're doing something and the team doesn't know, that's where they run a foul at. When you got that kind of money, you tell me what Dallas cowboy player is doing something that Jerry doesn't know about.

9 (29m 34s):
They know everything. Huh?

7 (29m 35s):
Jerry got the police. That's why everything, they, the little foul stuff that they, they can handle NFL teams. They have FBI level security. They know everything. So we tell, oh, we gonna do our homework, we gonna read a week. You know,

9 (29m 52s):
Hey, hold on. They the funny you talking about Jerry, we talking about all 30 teams? Yes. Yes. All 30, all 32 teams in the off season right now, wherever you at in the world, they know what you're doing. They know who you hang around. They know where you like to go. They know what you're spinning. They know everything. It's different.

7 (30m 16s):
It's, and so it's gonna be very interesting to see OCHO because we got some co guys coming up, Jaron Jackson Jr. He's coming up in line. Yeah. He wins defensive player of the year. He's eligible for a supermax five years, 345 million. About to find out. Mm. He's not as credentialed as Luca.

9 (30m 37s):
Wait, how much, how much of that? Five years?

7 (30m 39s):
3 45, which is 69 million a year. Fully guaranteed.

9 (30m 45s):
Hey, it's, it's too late for me to play. Who

7 (30m 46s):
Off? Yeah. It's late for you to play. Who OCHO should have gotten into that thing a little early. And here's the problem. Ojo. If the problem is, is that, let's just say for the sake of argument, none of this is true. Your son and the man's reputation, you son the man's reputation. Now we've seen it, but now because we've seen him ho smoking hookah and drinking a beer, they kind of, You know, they kind of dodged the bullet because they got him on camera smoking hookah and drinking a beer. So you, it's hard to for defamation, huh?

9 (31m 19s):
Can I, can I some who don't drink beer, huh? Outside of me. What athlete doesn't, what athlete doesn't drink alcohol outside of me? What athlete doesn't smoke hookah outside

7 (31m 29s):
Of me? Hoop of weed? I don't know.

9 (31m 32s):
I mean, I mean we, You know, come on now what we talking about. I understand now I understand both sides. Right? I I got you. But I'm just saying using that as, and then lazy and social issues and like, what does that have to do with playing again from the business side of things? I understand. What are you doing for me every year? You tell me all the time on in the NFL players every year and they got update their

7 (31m 57s):
Resume. Resume.

9 (31m 59s):
And every year

7 (32m 0s):
Luca damn show is,

9 (32m 5s):
Man,

7 (32m 7s):
I'm surprised. I'm surprised it got to this. A lot of people say they would've just given them the money. Boy, who it's gonna be interesting I think moving forward on Joe, we need to pay attention to this because if Luca don't get the supermax, who the hell gonna get it?

9 (32m 25s):
Ja. Anthony Edwards. Shaa

7 (32m 32s):
Shaa, Shaa can get, I think Shaa can get two 90.

9 (32m 38s):
That ain't, that ain't enough.

7 (32m 40s):
I think he, I think he can get, I think he can get 2 94, a five for two 90. I think

9 (32m 47s):
That ain't enough.

7 (32m 48s):
Right at right at 60 a year. Have to check my math. I know Jar Jackson is in line for that. Jared Jackson Jr. His father is, is senior. So it's going, it's gonna be very interesting to see coming down the pipe. I don't know how much of the game that you watch, but I could tell Luca was a little nervous. Obviously he wanted to have a big game. And that's what you wanna do when you play your former team Ocho. You're not, you don't need to prove them wrong. You need to prove you right. Because You know what you can do. And Luca, with the exception of a game, what the game against the nuggets, he's kind of struggled with his shot. It's gonna take him a while to get his legs, to get, to get in the feel of things. He's learning a new offense.

7 (33m 29s):
Learning obviously never played with a guy like LeBron, but this is gonna prolong LeBron's career. I can see LeBron playing another two, three seasons after getting Luca. But watching Luca last night, he's special. Everybody knows it. He can pass out on the double team. You see, they did a great job. They tried to, he got going early and then they trapped him doubling blitzed him wanna get the ball out of his hands. And he made the right plays more times than not. But LeBron came to the rescue in the fourth quarter with 16 points, 16 huge points made every right play. And it was a good win for the, the Lakers don't take too much silence because they was playing without Anthony Davis playing without live. Andy was also playing without Daniel Gaffer.

7 (34m 10s):
But I like the Mavericks. I think the La Mavericks, once they get Luca, excuse me, once they get ad back healthy with Kyrie and the way Kyrie can play off the pick and roll the way ad can play in the pick and roll mid-range. All three should score at all three levels. I think the VINs got, got a, got a, got a good team, but I was really impressed with the Lakers and how they were able to finish this game off even though the MAs were underhanded under Man Ocho let that go. I'm

9 (34m 37s):
Focused.

7 (34m 37s):
We done moved on with that. Hey,

9 (34m 39s):
Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm locked in. I'm locked in.

7 (34m 41s):
I see it. I I'm locked

9 (34m 41s):
In.

7 (34m 42s):
I see it. Listen,

9 (34m 43s):
It still, I'm thinking about the bad in your head. I'm thinking about I can't let nobody trigger me out. My fuck. Yeah. Hey, hey can, hey, can I tell you something? You know, I heard somebody talking about like exactly. If, if if you

7 (34m 57s):
Not giving that your spot, I

9 (34m 58s):
Got you job. You ain't hiring no more. You know, I just got a, a new job. Yep. Can I tell you I'm gonna see you on Monday.

7 (35m 10s):
You got a new one Where you working at? Yeah,

9 (35m 16s):
Thank you. I-A-I-A-A. Hey, I, I appreciate that. And matter of fact, hey, guess what else? Guess what else? I'm gonna see you on Tuesday morning too.

7 (35m 25s):
Okay. The Jersey Vic Victor Wi Bema gave a child sales for 73,000. The Jersey Wemby gifted a fan after the December game sold for 73,000 days after the Spurs season ended, the decision to sell the jersey so quickly raised the possibility that the child's parents had planned to sell the jersey all along. Golden declined to go into the specifics of the seller or how long the company had been in discussion to sell the item. Despite the injury news, his memorabilia market has been impacted by the short term, a rookie card of his sold for $860,100 a record price Saturday night on Gold in addition to the Jersey ocho.

7 (36m 8s):
You like this? I

9 (36m 10s):
Mean, listen, I'm sure it was a fan that, like you said before when we were talking about this, a fan that was sitting courtside in order to sit courtside, I'm sure the family, obviously you have to have some kind of, some kind of good money. You gotta have some kind of good money, man. Yes. But obviously a a, a huge spike in chunk of cash like that, You know, not knowing their financial status. I'm assuming they felt that was more, more important or more valuable than actually having the jersey itself.

7 (36m 37s):
But You know what this does not guys are not gonna want to get paid

9 (36m 40s):
Stuff. Yeah, yeah. You right,

7 (36m 42s):
Because I'm gonna look up and I'm gonna see it on, I'm gonna see it on Google. I'm gonna see it on one of these auction

9 (36m 47s):
Sites. Right, right, right.

7 (36m 48s):
If that's the case, hell, I keep it myself in selling. That's what I hate. Look, and like you said, I don't know the financial decision of this situation, but it's hard for me to believe that that young man could be sitting courtside and they need they hard up for, for money. Because like you said, courtside isn't cheap. Yeah,

9 (37m 8s):
You are. Right. Wait, wait, wait a minute. It depends on the team now. It depends. Now Lakers court, court side seats.

7 (37m 13s):
That was at the Lakers.

9 (37m 14s):
Lakers. Court size seats. That's expensive. I don't even want know the number.

7 (37m 18s):
Lakers probably the Knicks. I think the Knicks would probably be expensive

9 (37m 21s):
Also. Yeah. So, so San I mean San Antonio maybe Boston. What's your thing? Maybe Boston.

7 (37m 26s):
No, I think they, what, where were they at Ash? Were they, were they at the Lakers game or were they in San Antonio? I think they were the Lakers.

9 (37m 37s):
Well, hey listen, Lakers, court size seats, man, that's a a down payment for a car man.

7 (37m 45s):
Oh, I could imagine what that, those tickets went for a Lucas's first home game. It's

9 (37m 49s):
Crazy. Huh?

7 (37m 50s):
Can you imagine what those went for?

9 (37m 51s):
You got,

7 (37m 52s):
Let alone the

9 (37m 53s):
Playoffs. Don't even tell me

7 (37m 57s):
Man. Please. Oh yo. 2029. It was a Nets game. Nets. They were at the Nets.

Future Health (38m 8s):
This is Ashley Ginetti from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones These days. Those are Ozempic and Semaglutide. And with Future Health you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years. And no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh com. Future health is not your healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may very Sponsored by Future Health.

Rocket (38m 38s):
These days. It feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you're one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.

Turbo Tax (39m 23s):
Hi, I am Leah Palmer. And I'm Stilo. And you might know us as the host of the hit iHeartPodcasts grownup stuff. So lately on the show we've been crunching the numbers on tax season and we're learning a whole lot. For instance, Matt, did You know there are more than 33 million small businesses in the us? That is way more than I thought. Same. And do You know some of the top cities for small business growth in the us? I actually don't know that one. Okay, I'm gonna tell you, we've got Scottsdale, Arizona, Atlanta, Georgia, Miami, Florida, Orlando, Florida, and Austin, Texas. Those are all over the country. That's Why we've been talking with the tax experts at TurboTax Business about the tips and tricks small businesses should keep in mind when navigating tax season to file with confidence and hopefully save a few bucks. Well, I can definitely tell you the more stuff I've learned about how taxes work, the more I think small businesses might wanna leave it to the professionals this year. Yes. TurboTax Business has a fleet of experts, especially small business experts, who can give you advice throughout the process or just handle the whole thing for you. Get expert help today by visiting turbotax.com/business.

Safeway (40m 28s):
Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Powerade, monster and Poppy. Or breakfast items like Quaker Instant oatmeal or General Mill cereals plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.

7 (41m 2s):
I'm Zion Williamson had reportedly made major strides in losing weight in recent months. He's currently weighing 264 pounds, which is the lightest he's weighed since the team drafted him in 2019. He listed 2 84. Huh?

13 (41m 17s):
How much did you say he weighed?

7 (41m 18s):
2 64.

13 (41m 19s):
Okay. That, that's, that's good weight. He could do, that's

7 (41m 21s):
A good weight. He's listed on at two eighty4@nba.com. Meaning he's dropped significant amount of weight since the start of the season. He signed a five year, $197 million extension that he signed with the New Orleans in 2020. Comes with a handful of stipulations to protect the team from injury struggles or failure to maintain his weight. One such condition says that Zion must keep his combined weight and body fat percentage below 2 95 and guarantee 20% or to guarantee 20% of his salary for the next season. So let that see. Get ocho.

9 (41m 57s):
So they got, they got weight incentives on the salary.

7 (42m 0s):
Y yeah, they got weight clauses. You want their bread.

9 (42m 4s):
Right. Hey, I kind of like that. I kind of like that. 'cause if, if you have someone that's young, if you have someone that's young and he's, he's struggling, you understand his dynamic and how, how great he is when he's on the court. He hasn't been on the court. Who has a problem with his weight, who has a problem with injuries because of the weight he's carrying. Who has bunnies? You know, bunnies is hops on. I'm, I'm just trying to,

7 (42m 26s):
I know what it is. Yeah,

9 (42m 27s):
I'm just trying to make sure You know what it is. Who has bunnies the way he is and having to bounce and pound the way he does. He's better suited at a much smaller weight than what he carries. So I like the clause that they have in this contract forcing him to stay under. You want this money young fella. I'm giving you an incentive to keep you weight down to where we feel you can play your best. I like it.

7 (42m 53s):
I can motivate you by fear. I can motivate you with money. But the only thing that's sustainable is self-motivation. Mm. Because you'll get so much, you'll get enough money then it won't move you. Mm. I can scare you enough. And then there's just idle threats. At the end of the day, if you are not a self-motivated person, there's no amount of money because eventually you are what you repeatedly do. Therefore, it's not a singular act. It's a habit

9 (43m 23s):
All over.

7 (43m 24s):
So all that stuff, there's a reason why. Go look at the greats. Forget the super ultra witch, but go look at the greats. LeBron James plays, like he ain't got a dime. Michael Jordan played like he didn't have a dime. Peyton Manning, Tom Brady, all those great Ray Lewis, Michael Strahan, Reggie White, all the greats. I see. It's not the money that's motivating them itself. Right. That's motivating them. I can feel you. I'm gonna find your OCHO if you don't come, eventually you become desensitized to being fined. You become desensitized at at what? At what point?

7 (44m 5s):
How much money do I need?

9 (44m 9s):
Hey, nine nine. I

7 (44m 10s):
I just hope he gets it. So You know what? Damnit enough of this. This is embarrassing. I'm a professional athlete and these people gotta put clauses in my contract. I'm making 200 million and they gotta incentivize it just so I can get it. Let that sink in. Yeah.

9 (44m 29s):
I'm, I'm, I'm letting it sink. But listen, I'm, I'm trying to be a sponge right here. Right. And you said something earlier now I didn't wanna cut you off 'cause you was preaching, but I need you to run that back now. You say you are what you repeatedly what

7 (44m 40s):
You are, what you repeatedly do. Therefore it's not a singular act, it's a habit.

9 (44m 45s):
Stay. Stay right there. Stay with me now because I'm gonna use that. I'm gonna use that. I'm a kid now. Next time they get outta the line, I'm gonna use that on kids. I see. Yeah. Matter of fact, I'm gonna use that. I'm gonna use that in preaching to my daughter. You know, I'm going to College station. Yes. University of Kentucky is running the college station down at Texas a and m. You know, so my daughter's running, so I'm I'm, I'm gonna talk to her before the track meet and I'm gonna tell her, I'm gonna start off with that. You are what you repeatedly do. Okay?

7 (45m 16s):
Therefore, it's not a singular act, it's a habit.

9 (45m 20s):
And I I need to make sure I know you baby. I baby I know you probably watching. So you be ready, you ready to be ready for this speech now? Got me getting on this plane. I need to see, I need you to pr something better. Bring it home.

7 (45m 34s):
But money, the money's gonna come. The money is gonna come. Oh wait, you think Michael Jordan thought he was going? Yeah. If somebody, if somebody would've told Michael Jordan, Michael, this is what you going be, Michael didn't do this because of money. Oh

9 (45m 46s):
No. Oh no. Oh no. But

7 (45m 49s):
He played as if he was flat ass broke. Everything that you want, all you have to do is go out there. Look, the fans will appreciate a guy that gives it everything that he has, but that's not supremely talented. But they know that he's giving, he or she is giving it everything they have as opposed to somebody they know that's immensely talented. And they look at it like, man, he bull jiving all that to to, to waste a gift. To waste a gift. Ocho you demean yourself. Yeah.

7 (46m 29s):
You cheat yourself. I just, I I hope this is the one time in 2025 that Zion, God dang it, enough is enough

9 (46m 41s):
Something gotta kick out

7 (46m 42s):
Going, let me going to be what I'm supposed to be an all NBAA perennial A-A-A-A-A all star. That's what he should be A perennial. Not just once and then three years later, another a perennial all NBAA perennial all, all star. Every year he has that accountability.

9 (47m 5s):
Speaking of, speaking of, speaking of ability, speaking of what he should have been outside of being a per perennial all star, was he not supposed to be next in line to be the face of the NBA? Yes Or am I, am I, am I tripping?

7 (47m 19s):
Yeah, he had, he had that LeBron, he was, LeBron had that buzz coming around, out, out of, out of college. I, You know, Wemby. Now it's Wemby, right? You no, I use and people that I know, there's only one Michael Jordan. But look at the greats. You think Bird played for money? Look at, just take the greats. Just take the greats, put attach any name to it. The money's gonna come

9 (47m 44s):
Because

7 (47m 45s):
They look at you and see the NBA players. The NFL players show hair, tar, Mookie, Beth, whatever the case may be.

9 (47m 53s):
Ocho Yeah, go ahead. Alright.

7 (47m 55s):
It's really simple. I I, I played like, I was broke because any amount of money that I was getting was 15 times what I was making. And you mean to tell hold ocho You mean to could tell me you going to pay me money for something I've done for free for 17 years? It ain't make a dime now you wanna pay me to do it?

9 (48m 17s):
Come on now. Come on

7 (48m 20s):
Park Warner. I ain't get a dime. JB I ain't get a dime high school. I ain't get a dime. College ain't get a dime. Now I get to this level and y'all going to pay me for something I did for free,

9 (48m 32s):
Basically. And, and, and speaking of that, I like the fact that you just mentioned this, right? I like that you said Peewee, you didn't get you, you didn't get paid no. Junior high. You didn't get paid. No, I get paid college You didn't get paid. Well nevermind that, that's a whole nother story anyway about college. But I, we gonna get back to that, but obviously make it to the NFL obviously. Now you paying me to play a game that I played as a child, having fun and entertaining and you mean to tell me now I'm gonna get to the rules of the NFL and and how they, how to, how they like to control, You know, the, the, the individualism. So now you mean to tell me when I get to the NFL and I'm playing the game the way I played it all my life, and now I make it to the highest level with the one percenters.

9 (49m 13s):
Now you're telling me how the game should be played now that I made it. So why, why, why would I change? Huh? And this, this is, this goes back to you as well because you should get on me too about my style of play and the way I play the game. Yeah. What's the first thing they take from us? What's the first thing they take from us when they want to keep it Black money. Huh? Money. Why do they take up money? 'cause they, the NFL or any entity and their only way to control the players or the people that work for them is by taking the money because that's what they think they value most. But like you just said, you just said it, the money gonna always come. Which is why I never changed. Huh? I never changed. Right? I ain't played football in 13, 14 years, You know, because of you and some other entities that will afford me the opportunity.

9 (49m 59s):
Hell, I'm making more money that and I ain't caught a touchdown in

7 (50m 4s):
Yields. That's how it should be.

9 (50m 6s):
Come on now.

7 (50m 7s):
But these guys, I mean, I, I don't understand bro. I mean think about the, the money that you making you these guys making 40, 50, 60, 70 million that's on the court. Now they're making another 10, 15, 20 off the court. Yeah. So you making a hundred million dollars and all you gotta do say, You know what? I gotta have my weight in between this and this. All I gotta do is just play hard. You're not gonna score 30 a night, but just play hard. Some guys just, they can't even give you that consistent effort.

Lenovo (50m 45s):
The Volume, The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory. Nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere

Pandora (51m 49s):
This Valentine's Day celebrate every love story with Pandora. Whether it's romantic, platonic, familial, or a gesture of self-love. Pandora's Versatile Designs let you express your unique connections in meaningful ways, meaningful ways. Each piece tells a story of love or friendship that transcends materialism. Turning every gift into a heartfelt message that connects hearts from best friends to significant others. Pandora helps you honor the bonds that make life richer and more meaningful. Make the feeling last from first sight to forever. On Valentine's Day and every day, be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today in store or online@pandora.net.

13 (52m 29s):
Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through much 27th Spring in for storewide deals. Earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks from Doritos, Cheez-Its and Pringles or Sweet Treats from Haagen-Dazs, kinder Bueno, and Reese's Plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.

The Unshakeable podcast (52m 56s):
The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.