
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes Unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best Describes the Jets season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, the 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 and bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch Right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon. Sharpe, the guy at the bottom of your screen. He's your favorite Number 85. He's the route runner extraordinaire, the Bengal great, the pro bowler, the All Pro from Liberty City. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Do us a favor, please make sure y'all hit that like button and please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Thank you guys for helping us grow ocho. We've gained almost 20,000 subs since we went, came back live last Friday. Woo. Right? That what I'm talking about. So yeah, we're back. We're back in this full swing of thing OCHO Guys, please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you listen to your podcast.


Make sure you subscribe to Nightcap every podcast subscriber counts. Thank you guys for your support. Please make sure you check out my Sha by La Porter. We're back up. We're in stock pre-order and you're gonna get your order asap. It's never, it is not gonna be another month, two months, three month process. So thank you guys for selling us out, but we have it back in stock. Thank you so much and thank you for your patience. Please make sure you go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84, the link Nightcap merchant pen at the top of the chat use code. The discount applies to everything.


Everyone received a merch. There was a lady in the chat chat that said she hadn't received a merch. She just ordered the merch a week ago and she said when she hadn't received it, when you guys have put your orders in six weeks in advance. So thank you for your patience, ma'am. Your order is going to be shipped. Thank you very much. But we're told everybody has received their merch that ordered it early and you guys are really, really appreciate the quality. So let's jump right into it. O ocho, US basketball beat Serbia one 10, the 84 KD took his anger out.


You know, they left him out of the Nike commercial every, what is it says, winning isn't for everybody. Something to that effect. And KD felt he, he should have been put in the commercial. I happen to agree with him. He put on the show 23 points, including 21 in the first half on perfect shooting. LeBron James added 21 points, nine assists, seven rebounds. KD was perfect in the first half and LeBron was perfect in the first half. I was a little nervous O Joe because you figure KD goes eight for eight, LeBron and goes five or five from three. LeBron is perfect in the first half. He's perfect from the three point line and you're only up 10 points. So I was like, well damn I that, that we supposed to up like 30.


I mean, I you're supposed To be up 30, but you, you gotta understand they are playing a quality opponent in serving turnovers. They, they, they, they have, Huh? Turnovers. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Again, the turnover. They they hurt you every time. Yeah. They hurt you every time. Take possession. Whether, whether the Olympics, whether it's the NBA hell, you could be playing the goddamn park. Can you turn the ball over? Yep. No matter how much you score and how efficient you are from the field is going to affect the outcome and the score. And that is why they were only up by 10. But listen, I talked to kd, right? Yes. Lemme tell you, I think the rest he had not playing in the ex I call him exhibition games and having the rest, having the fresh legs as opposed to everyone else is why he was so efficient from the field and fresh and had such a good game. What you think he Was, he was, he was extremely, he was extremely efficient.


But that's Kevin Durant. He shoots 50% from the floor. He's a guy that shot 50% from the floor, 40% from the three, 90% from the free throw line. So I mean, although we, we, it's a welcome site. He set the bar so high from him for himself. We expect this when he's on the court. All, I mean, the time, we've never seen anything like this. A guy that can handle the ball at seven foot tall, that kind can drive the ball to the basket, can pull up from 35 feet and swish it and you follow him. He goes to the free throw line. He is gonna make 90% of those. Yeah. But we've never seen anything like Kevin Durant. Yeah. Dirk had to fade away, but Dirk couldn't put the ball on the floor. Like KD Lord, not Dirk couldn't take you one-on-one like KD without Yeah.


The one leg, the one legged stepback. That's dirt. Now we see a lot of guys. KD got that shot. LeBron got that shot a lot. Luca has that shot in his bag. Yoic, but least seven foot tall to be able to handle the ball like KD can. Yeah. We needed that. There's a reason why he's about to, hopefully, if everything pans out, he's about to be the first male to win four gold medals in basketball. Yes, sir. Jason Tatum did not play. I don't think Tyrese Halliburton got in the game either. Did he? Did Tyree Halliburton play as I don't think Halliburton played either. I see. I I I have a question now. Do we think Halliburton and Jason Tatum might be hurt or the fact that we have such a, a great bench And, we have such a great starting cast already starting.


Do you think this is something strategic by Kerr? No. He said they're good. Look, trying to get KD back into a rhythm. And so KD gets it going. You don't wanna break that rhythm. I mean, the guy had didn't miss, so why the hell you gonna sub him out and put somebody else in? Right. And look, there are gonna be opportunities. And that's what see Ocho when you go to an, when you go to the Olympics or you're on an Allstar team, you have to understand Yes, sir. And I get it. Well, everybody said, well, I'm an Allstar too. And I'm a Olympian too. You are. But at that point in time, in the back of Steve Meyer, that's Serbia, that's Nicole Yoic. Three, three final three MVPs in the last four years. They got Bach don Bono Banovich.


He's an NBA player. They have Hoc, he's an NBA player. They're a really good team. Yeah, Very. They're a really good team. I'm trying to win. Damn your feelings. I, I hate, I honestly O Joe I hate because, you know, look, not now, but when we played in the Pro Bowl ocho, you know how that thing got Yeah. When that thing got made in the game, they weren't running no subs in and out. Oh hell no. Oh, oh, No, no. We riding the big guns. Yeah. So, Yeah. But I, I I, I listened to Steve Kerr's press conference. He said there're gonna be opportunities for Jason Tatum. And I, I look, it's tough. I mean, it's tough ojo, because you have to understand that man just won the NBA, he was all right.


He was an all NBA player. And it, like, they treat him like, he, like basically he, The Other, he, he at Halle was the 11th or 12th guy on the bench. Yeah. You now, the, the one thing, the one thing I think about it obviously for one, represent your country and, and, and you think about the added pressure, even though it's still the game of basketball representing your country and then not actually playing. I wonder does it affect their mental, in their confidence by not even getting in the game simply because Kevin Durant was hot and you never want to take the hot man off the court at the time. Right. I wonder if they, that that would bother him a little bit. Look, you don't make it to the level. You don't make it to the level the great listen, the greater the player, the greater the talent, the greater the whatever it is, the more pride he or she has.


Don't let anybody tell you otherwise. Whether it's Oprah, whether it's Tyler Perry, whether it's LeBron James, whether it's Michael Jordan, whether it's Beyonce, Taylor Swift, the greater the person, the greater the pride that they have. Jason Tatum is an NBA all NBA player. He's a perennial all star. He's a champion. Yes. He has pride. And he might not ever admit that. You damn right, it bothered him. Right, right. But we go on stage. I wanna grow my brand too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So now, now, now all the pressure's on curb. The, the pressure's not even on the players. It's the pressure on Kurt now having to be able to figure out how to get everybody in, how to keep everybody happy and not have the team spinner within.


Because everybody wants to be able to get their playing time and showcase their skills on the biggest stage representing their country. Right. Team France, you know, the, the of the Olympics are in Paris, Joelle and Bead. Many thought he was gonna play for Team France. Yeah. So that big front line, Joelle and Bead, Victor Winman, Rudy Gobert. Hmm. That didn't happen last second. He switched his allegiance. He's playing for team USA every time Joe l and b got the ball. They booed, they won. Yes, sir. Nobody's surprised by that because they wanted to greatly increase their chance of winning the goal, winning, especially on home soil.


And he greatly would've helped that. But unfortunately he chose fortunate for us. Unfortunately for them. He decided to play for team USA. Were you surprised that they boot him? No, not at all. Not at all. Obviously having allegiance to the U SA and having allegiance to play over there and choosing the U SA instead, I mean, obviously they're gonna boo you that that's gonna happen. I think he knows they were gonna boo him being, being at Joel and beat in general. And at times when he played the certain way stadiums, he gets booed here in the States. Yes. Depending on who they're playing. Right. So I'm, I'm assuming he used to that he plays in Philly.


Yes. We know how Philly fans are. They boo him in Boston. They booed him in Boston. Their own players. New York, everywhere he go. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, Hey, listen. So I'm, I'm sure he's used to it. He knew it was, he knows what come with the territory when you decide to play for, for team USA. So I'm sure it's not gonna bother him at all. If anything, if anything, he probably gonna go out there and cut a goddamn rug the rest of the way. Just to let them know I'm still leading Vp. I think I'm still, I don't think he hundred percent still Bat Knee. You remember his knee? You his knee. Yeah. You remember Ojo? He a lot of the playoffs, he was banged up. Yeah. And what he needed was rest. And he didn't get a whole lot of time because once the NBA finals, they were in training camp, getting ready to try to build some chemistry.


If anybody should be upset, it should be Cameroon. He's from Cameroon. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So I get it. France, you know, like, well, he grew up in France, yada, yada, yada. But yeah, he spent a lot of time in America. We paid the, the America, he earned 50 million a year in America. So if anybody should be upset, should be booing. It's the cam, it's Cameroon. Cameroon. Right. That's his native country. So I ain't got no problem with Joel and Bead. He went like, look, my son was born here. He gave, you know, he laid it out like my son is born, him born in America. I'm proud, I'm proud to be, you know, be in America. I'm proud that this country has accepted me and my family.


So I get it. I'm not surprised that he got booed either. Ocho, the friends, the France French team really thought they had a leg up considering that big lineup that they could have trotted out there with Joel L and bead. Can you imagine? Right. Seven foot, four and a half. Victor Wema, seven foot, one and a half. Rudy Gobert, seven foot one, seven foot two. Joel L and Bead. That would've been nasty. Boy. That would've been been nasty perimeter been nasty Trio. You might not guard nobody, anyone on the perimeter, but you ain get those shots off in the paint. Yeah. Yeah. That would've been, that would've been nice. That'd been real nice. Will this team win Gold ad referenced the movie Space Jam and State of America to understand how strong the international competition has become?


We don't take these things for granted. You don't come in like, oh, we're the monsters and they're just going to crack. We're going to crush everybody. Like those days are long gone. Which I said because, oh Joe, you gotta think about it. If I'm not mistaken, I think in 92 there might've been less than 10 international players in the NBA, the prominent ones that we knew of. Sharun. Barcelonas. We knew about Tony Ku coach. We knew about, yeah, our beatta saboni up in Portland, but there were not a whole lot. There are 61 international players currently in the NBA and there was not any international players.


Were not even in the top 30. The best player in the NBA is is an international player. Nicola Yoki. Yes, sir. Yes sir. So you might have three of the top five. You might, you could make a case. Giannis, he's an international player. He's Greek, he's playing from the Greek national team. What about Luca? Even though they didn't make it. Serbia, those are the players. The Serbian team has three players. That's currently in the NBA current. The best player is on the Serbian team. Look at Canada, Shea, Gils, Jamal Murray, RJ Barry, nice Lou do nice Dylan Powell, No team in nineties other than the Americans had six players that were in the NBA on their roster.


The Roster. Yeah. It's Different now. Now this Is, yeah, it's different now. And even when I think about it, you think about the international players and its totality catching up to the U us in general. But when you look at it, the U US players are so deep. The starting five, the bench is great. I think when you look at the international teams, they have one or two players that are, that are very good. Yes. Obviously some prominent players that are in the NBA as well. But I don't think they have enough meat and potatoes to compete as long as the U US players are playing to their full potential, each player individually and their playing as a team. And once the chemistry, once the chemistry hits and everybody's hitting on the same cylinder, I don't think even, even with the improvement of the international teams, I don't think they stand a chance.


Oh, Joe. But you Gotta real Realize, I I, I just don't, I'm I'm just being honest on the international now, now there might be some times where the games will be good. Yeah. There'll be close now if we can eliminate those turnovers. But if we playing efficient up and down the court, oh, they, they ain't doing nothing with us. But y'all, these guys have been playing together all their life. Yeah, you Right. Didn't Just see, I, I Ima imagine you take a a, a team of Allstar, let's take, you take, now granted it is different in football because we've been playing it and really no other country really plays it like we play it. Right. Right. But if you put, if you put an All star team together and you put it against a team that have been playing, they like, hold on. They know, they know everything.


Yeah. So these teams, they've been playing 10, 12 years together. They play all the time. Every international competition, they send the same group of guys for the last decade plus. So it's hard to try to put LeBron and KD and Steph, yes, we know what they are individually, but they need to harness some of the individuality in play of the team. Right. As a team. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. And I, I think that's, I think that is something that they're, they're good at doing. We don't really have, I, to me, I don't think we really have any me, me, me type players Yes. That are on the team. I think they play extremely well. They all know how each other's, each other like to play.


Yes. They know their strengths, they know their weaknesses. And I think that's why the key word I say is the chemistry. If the chemistry is on point, if you get that chemistry early, I think they gonna be fine. And just, just, just picturing, picturing them losing. It doesn't even seem right despite the international teams having quality players as well. Some of them being the best here in the states when we are in season, right. When, when we are in NBA season, I just don't see team USA losing unless God forbid, everybody just has a horrible game. Right. Don Staley, a member of the United States Women's National Selection Committee was asked about Kaitlyn Clark today, and she said if we had it to do all over again, the way that she's playing, she would be in really high consideration of making the team because she's plead head and shoulders above a lot of people.


Ugh. I thought that's tough. The job of a coach is to project Right Ocho, if I take a player in high school, am I saying that's the best he's gonna be? Or I'm projecting in a week, a month, a year, they're going to be better. Yes, sir. I said it at the time. She has Yes, sir. A u elite Skill of passing the ball. Yes sir. Now she's averaging 17 and eight. Could I see once she gets up, gets up another year or two under her belt, and she understands the physicality as she's starting to grow, could I see her averaging another, say, five, seven points and to bump that up to 22 to 24 game while still averaging eight to 10 assists?


Yes. Yes. She's that good Ocho she's that good. Yeah. Angel Reese. Because see, it's different. OCHO is different. The women's game and the men game are different. I don't believe that. I could, could be wrong, but I don't believe there's 68, 69, 70 international women playing in the WNBA. Yeah. There aren't any. Lauren Jackson, and I know you don't remember Lauren Jackson. Jackson, but she's a three time NBA. She's in Australia, but she was legit. She's a three time MVP. She won the title. They're not those in the WNB. There's not those on the international level. So Caitlyn Clark going, or Angel Reese going, were they gonna lose?


We got the 10, we got the 10 best players in, in, in the Olympics on the women's side. We don't have the 10 best players on the men's side Because you have Yoic. Because you have Giannis And speaks for themselves. Yeah. But I I I'm a little surprised that she said that. Yeah. I mean, listen, what, what's she doing? What, what, what we know from Don Staley is she's gonna give it to you. Raw pause. She's gonna tell you how she feels. She's gonna say some of the things that most people won't say, whether it causes, whether it ruffles some feathers or not. Right. That's how she feels. She watched Kaitlyn Clark play in college. She's watched her mature and get better as a basketball player throughout the tenure of her short N-B-A-W-N-B-A career so far.


So that's how she feels, because she knows what she's seeing. And she understood when they asked her a long time ago on how good she was and how great she was when she stood after a game and applauded Caitlyn, you know, on how she played and what she's done for the game in general. She can see that some of the things, some people don't wanna see it, some people don't wanna say it. Right. And Ms. Dawn Staley understands what, not only would she bring to the game as a player, but what she could have done if she was on that, that USA team as well. Well, Look at what they did, wouldn't they? Didn't they sign a what, a 10 year bill? A 10 year, 200, a $2.2 billion deal. They, Yeah. Yeah. With would the potential be 3 billion?


Look at the sales at the jersey, the merchandise, the Jersey sales. Right. With Kaitlyn Clark and, and Angel Reese. Hey. Amen. Look here back. You know what my brother always, my brother tells me all the time, Ocho, and this is one of the things that he shared with me. He says, there's no telling how good you could be as long as you don't mind who gets the credit. Woo. Come on. Now. He tells me that all, that's one of the things that he, he tells me all the time. He says, you don't know how good you can be if you don't care who gets the credit. Yeah. I like, I like That man. Why I care. Oh, now all they doing is talk about Caitlyn Clark and Angel Reese.


Oh, you mean to tell me rookie rookie's about to make 200,000 a year. Hey, Caitlyn, how you doing girl? Girl, you know, I love me some Kaitlyn. Hey Angel, bye. You Barbie shy town, Barbie. However you wanna be, whatever you wanna be known dad On. Hold on, get that to me one more time. Give that one to me one more time. You Don't realize how good you can be as long as you don't care who gets the credit. Yes, sir. I'm sure gonna use that. I'm gonna use that one. I'm gonna use that with A kid. And it's true. You, you see, you look at the teams, you look at teams, and it doesn't matter who gets the credit. Right. Because eventually, if you start caring about who gets the credit, what's gonna happen though, Joe? It's gonna break up.


Yeah. Oh yeah, definitely. It's gonna Break up Ocho. Oh, definitely. What happened to the Patriots? They had a 20 year run. What happened? O Joe. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, Shaq and Kobe dominant. What happened? O You're right. It happens all the, it it happens all the time. I, I, I say it all the time. One of, one of my favorite saying is always focused on your plate. Always focus fo always focus on your plate. Not worry about what, what's on anybody else's plate. I can't eat that. What's on your plate? I gotta eat what's on mine. Oh. Oh, you, you sure ka You sure Ka. Caitlyn Clark already has more career assists than 75, 70 4% of all the players than the WNBA history.


And she's only played 26 games. That's who's gonna be surprised Ocho when she hangs her, her shorts and her jersey and her sneakers up. That she's not the all time assist leader in WNBA history. I don't think anybody's gonna be surprised by that. No. I'm gonna be more surprised. If she isn't, then I'm going to be that. If than if she is right watching her. And I know it's, look, I know it's an all star game because you got elite level and she is playing with Aaliyah Boston, who was a, a reigning rookie of the year. She's an all star and she can run the floor and Caitlyn Caesar every time. Now, when you play with All Stars, you got a lot of number one draft picks a top five pick.


And she, she picking, she just fighting with the ball. But if you get open, oh, she gonna hit you. Oh, she gonna See you. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Man, she gonna see you. Oh yeah. Every time, every time that, that, listen, that's a gift. That's a gift. That's a gift that Magic Johnson had as well. That's a gift that LeBron possesses as well. Yes. You know, he's an elite passer. He sees things before they even happen. Yep. Yep. But good luck with the women. I look. The women look ocho, we got Asia Asia's by far the best player in the WNBA. Yeah. She's far. Then you got Stewie, who's next? I mean, we got, we got the best players.


We do. Yeah. Yeah, we do. Yeah. I believe if we sucked the, sent the WNBA off All Stars, just those women that made the All Star team. I still believe we win the gold medal. Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. Most definitely. Yeah. I mean, e either, either way you take it, you, you seeing the Allstar, you seen you seeing Team WNBA. Yeah. I think you would still get the same outcome. We'd be coming home with gold. Yes. No matter what, because we are just that good. And I don't wanna say dominant, we're just that good in general, across the board


At your job, do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we Appreciate that greatly. If you want deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In u in US swimming. Leland Rash Marshan says, A new Olympic record takes gold in the 400 meter. Im the 22-year-old Frenchman trained by Michael Phelps. Coach Bob Bowman went 4 0 2 0.95 to set a Olympic record breaking into one set by Michael Phelps in the Beijing Olympics in 2008. He was a head of world record place, but slowed a bit down the home stretch. Marshawn earns the first Olympic gold medal of his career. And if I'm not mistaken, it was the first gold medal for France in the Paris. Olympics. Correct. Japanese mashuda took Silver American case case. Carson Foster took the bronze We America we got went one two gold, silver American Tori Husky Huk Husk won a first Olympic gold medal in dramatic fashion beating loaded field, including world record holder in the a hundred meter butterfly.


Gretchen Walsh, her teammate Gretchen Walsh Huss ster Wall 55.59. She held off Gretchen Walsh who touched 0.04 seconds later. Mm. Yeah, I love it. Hey, listen some something about, something about that water man. Something about that water obviously. I mean, I'm not sure if y'all had swimming. I don't think y'all had swimming pools where you were growing up. Yeah, we had pools. I'm you, you Oh, come on. You know how to swim. Be honest. Yeah, don't, don't don't, don't lie to me. Be honest. Yes. Be okay. Black Michael. Oh nah. See yeah. Lemme tell you something, lemme tell you something.


Out here in Liberty City, we have a park called Charles Hadley Pool. During the summer, we all went to the pool. I used to dive off the, off the, off the high dive. I can swim, I could do the a hundred brushstroke butterfly. I could, I could swim backwards. Now, there was a time, there was a time and point where I was the inner city state champ at Livy, at Charles Hadley pool On how well I swam. I was like a dolphin. I mean, it's kind of hard to be, I swam like a dolphin. I mean, you do realize like the inner city, you can't be the state champ if you just dealing with the city. I'm, I'm just saying that's what we called, that's what we called it. First we called it as Kids. We grew up, look, I grew up swimming in rivers and in ponds ocho.


See that ain't, that ain't no swimming. That ain't that ain't no swimming. That, that, that ain't no swimming. What the hell? You think it's that ain't a RA river in pond? Yes. There ain't no ladder. There ain't no side. You get your ass out there at the middle That you, so so you know how to swim? Yes. Yeah. So you know how to swim. Long story short, yes. I can swim Mocho. Okay. Do me a favor. Yeah. Do me a favor on tour while we on tour, whether it be Atlanta, whether it be Dallas, whether it be Houston, let's race hundred meters, 50 meters, whatever you wanna do. Ocho All the places, all the places, all the places to be going to are gonna have an Olympic side swimming pool. So let's, let's do it for the chat. Oh, me and you race Ocho. I I don't swim like that, but I can swim.


Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm, could I save you myself? Yes. Could I swim and get somebody else? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I I, I just, I just wanted, I just want, you know what they used to call, you know they used to call me back then. What they call you too, huh? Boy, in 1987, boy they called me Flipper. I, I tell you. No light. They used to call me Flipper 'cause I swim your golf Boy. You got a bigs feet Now. I ain't had no big feet. I don't wear nothing. But besides 11. But I, I can, I can swim with, I can swim with the best of 'em. Swim with the best of 'em. Listen, inner city champ Charles Hadley Pool. Ask anybody, anybody in the chat from Miami, anybody in the chat right now from Liberty City? Tell 'em about me. Tell about a legend. What? I I'm a legend in the pool. I, I tell you what I could do.


What? I probably could drown you though. Oh no, you can't. You can't drown. You can't, you can't drown me. You, you can't drive me. Listen, I listen. You what do, if I get my hands on you out did the deep, But you li you little unc all I have to do is continue to relax. I could stay in the water by four minutes. Okay. Four minutes. Yeah. I, I I'm telling you, I had, I had the lung, I had the lungs. I had the lungs of Hippo. Okay. I got the lungs of Hippo. I'm telling you it was one time. Right. You know Rel or Rel Para. Yeah. You know she was in the Army, right? Yeah. And I had the opportunity to go train with the Navy Seals for two weeks. And I, I went through, I went to the bootcamp and they was like, what did Navy Seals train at ocho?


Huh? What'd Navy Seals train at? I was in Paris Island. That's where the Marines train. Yeah. The Navy Seals train at Coronado Beach. Nah, see, you know, I couldn't go to the beach 'cause all that, all the seals was there. No, the, the seals had migrated and they took up the beast. So every they took had to Paris Island. Oh, you about those seals? Oh, you talking about the Not the Navy Seals. I'm talking about like seal Seals. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, listen, I do, I do a little bit of everything, bro. Yeah. Para island parisi. I know about Paris Island because that's what exactly about. Yeah. Yeah. The Sand thatt, they don't, they don't Play bad. Oh. They don't play The sand. Nats tear you up. And Savannah, anybody from that area, they, y'all know how bad the sand nats get over there.


They tell your butt up And. if you not used to 'em, they gonna make you wet like okra. You know, if you, if okra touch your skin, like when you clip okra, cut okra, you cut okra. Yeah. We have to wear long sleeve because it make you rope. I mean it leaves weps on you. Anybody, anybody in the trap that's ever from the south or cut okra. Nevermind. Hey, also the men anchor by Caleb Dressel won the four by one a hundred meter freestyle relay. Yesterday we beat, we beat Australia and I think Italy was second. Yeah, I I think yeah, I think Italy was second, right? Yeah. I think Italy was, no, no, no. Italy was third.


I think Australia was Italy second. No, Australia was Great. Britain was, who was second Italy. While Ashley's looking that up, the U s women national team beat the brakes off of Germany. the U US national team of a summer ago is gone. The current group has found their scoring shoes again at the 2023 Women's World Cup. the U US Women's National team scored four goals in 390 minutes. And when we eliminated on penalties in the round of 16 by Sweden today, they scored four goals. The first to do so against Germany in competitive match since 2008. Yeah. We put something on them. Yeah. Yeah, we did.


Matter of fact, not only did we put something on 'em while they had their stride, why they back in stride. It would be perfect. It would be perfect. I mean, we have that, we have the perfect platform for them. They can, they can, they can talk to us about, about, you know, their, their their first match against Germany. We, we gotta invite 'em on. We gotta invite 'em on Nightcap. I know there's a time difference, but we could prerecord it. Ladies, if y'all see this, we beg of you. You all of you. You know my love and my passion for soccer. I'm a soccer enthusiast. If you would please at some point join us while you guys are in Paris. We, we'd so much really enjoy that as would our chat and followers. Yeah. The Americans were first followed by Australia.


Italy was third Ocho that, that three headed monster of Rodman. Dennis Rodman daughter Swanson and Smith. They did, they did a number. the U us can clench a spot in the knockout round stage in a, in a prime position to finish a top of group B against Australia. They played the O on Wednesday. Today the women's gymnastic qualifies. the U us finish five points clear five el everyone else in the indi in the Simone Biles all around vault beam floor. Jay carried the vault. Jordan childs floor. SUNY Lee all around beaming bars. Simone Biles did not let an injury scare, did not let an injury scare slow her down on a long way to return to Olympic competition.


She posted a superb all around total of 59.566 in front of a star study crowd at Cy Arena. Plenty of celebs were in attendance. Tom Cruise, lady Gaga, Ariana Grande turned out as did Anna Winter, the long serving editor of Vogue Magazine. Yay. Listen, the fact that Simone Biles can be, can be injured and not allow that to get in the way of her routine and still perform Flawless says everything you need to know about her. She Just can do things that they ocho I mean the mood that she does, she got, she's competing and they got moves named after her.


Imagine, imagine Ocho you playing and they got Oh, that's a ocho. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, they doing an OCHO Sim Oh, as similar. Similar. There's only one person I can think of that has something named after him while he was playing. Long after he is gone. 'cause anytime they hit you with this, you got Mo. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So he got, so she got like six moves named after her. And as a matter of fact, I think somebody did one of her moves today. This is the first time someone has done a move, one of her moves in competition. And they were able to execute it. Yes. The the funny thing about it, her moves are difficult. Yes. So when someone gives you, gives you names of a certain move, it lets you know how difficult that move is to do.


Matter of fact, remember the movie Back to School? Yeah. Is it Back to School? Oh, back to or Rodney Dangerfield. Who? Rodney Dangerfield. You remember that back to, I think it's Back to School. Is it Rodney Dangerfield? Yeah. I was watching Back to the Future yesterday with Whip. Oh you, oh, you remember there was a move that Rodney Dangerfield did that nobody had ever attempted called the Triple Indy. You probably, I mean, some people in the chat might, might, might know about it, but I, yeah, listen, I, I need me a move named after me. You Too late now, Ocho. Oh, it ain't never too late. I'm in shape. Oh yeah. You know I'm in shape. Yeah. I got a couple. I'm in shape Trampolining, you know I got a trampoline.


You already know. Hey. Oh, the trampoline pogo, that was me. Yeah. Hell nah. When I get, hey, when they see me, that LV trunk fill and things. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I told you you don't need that LV trunk. You talking about $185,000 trunk. And I tell you, I got a, I got a dude out of the city. He get you the same thing. Same one. He, He can, he can wrap it with Louis Vuitton and nobody be able to tell a difference. Is That Brazilian wandering spider in there? Hey, hey my dog Tutu. We can get that for you now. Hey, you know what I'm saying?


That water. Hey, Hey, hey my dog Tu get that. I don't want to bite me on the neck. Don't bite me on the neck. Oh no, no, no, no, no. We already got the venom. We already, we already extracted the venom out the spider. So you ain't got deal with that. Ain't gotta deal with that. Nah, you ain't gotta deal with the bike. You ain't gotta deal. See we, we, we get ours off the, from the black market. I don't know. Ojo. Yeah, I got you gotta be careful that black market, you know they be adding fentanyl and everything. I know. Ojo, I think I might, I might take my chance with a spider bad please. I man, you can't drum me without the black marketing used too, man.


Yeah. Listen man, that thing with everything, man. Nah, I'm good. Good. Nah, You nah, you know the black the, the black market is, is is like, is it's just, it's so strict and it has to go through so many guidelines that nothing is passed through the black market unless it's authentic. It's like when you're selling shoes. Yeah. It's authentic. They, they gotta go through appraisal to make sure they real Same Thing, real drug. Yeah. It's exactly. But they add that thing man. Fentanyl is what they give elephants to put them to sleep. If it'll put a, if it, if you a little bit will put a elephant to sleep for 10, 15 minutes, what the hell is gonna do to a human? A elephant is five. What? Four or five tons. Yeah. Yeah.


I, I I, I could imagine. And, and you know what, that's something that we don't have to worry about. And obviously with this product that we're speaking on, you know that wander and spider ve Yeah. Yeah. Fentanyl does nothing. It that it doesn't coincide. Now we know what fentanyl is, is, is, is found in. Yeah. And that ain't what we own. We ain't on that. No. So we good? No, we Good. That why I'm saying I'm the spider. You all that spider for hours. Ocho, they talking my unc that gonna be painful. You might pay that too. Ocho That too long. Ocho that's too, that's unc. That's, that's too long. You go, that's not even, that's not even humanly possible. Do you think how long you think you gonna live forever? No, I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna live forever. But I sure don't wanna for no goddamn damn four hours.


I mean, you know I'm saying they be able to close the casket. They keep that thing open. Y'all have to look at my face the whole while. Yeah. Die. Hell nah man. Please. But, but the Stars came out to see Simone Biles, lady Gaga, Tom Cruise, Ariana Grande, and Anna Winter, the editor of Vogue, the French women gymnastic team failed to qualify for the finals. The expectations were high after last year's bronze medal at the World Championship where the French won for the first team medal since 1950.


But the French crumbled under the pressure Melania, the Jesus Do. Santos, the face of the French women's program also failed to qualify for the individual all around. That's a lot of pressure. Ocho I mean, you on soil A lot With the expectations. You did something in the world that you hadn't done in 70 in 70 plus years. And now we're on home song. We're gonna be the ooh, the crowd is buzzing. It's electric and they succumb to the pressure, man. Yeah. I listen, I could, I can, I can imagine. I understand what they went through in chat. I just, just, just to give you an honest truth and authentic truth.


Simple football game on Sunday before kickoff, UNC my nerves was bad. Unc. Oh yeah. The but the butterflies, the butterflies in my stomach, regardless of how confident I, I may have walked out the tunnel regardless of how confident I may have been throughout the week. Throughout the, you know, in, in on Media day talking trash to the opponent. Unc before kickoff, I was nervous. Oh yeah. Oh, you full kickoff. I had butterflies. Yeah. I I'm not gonna say scared, but just imagine representing your country at the Olympics and the rest of the world is watching. Yeah, man. Oh, I went to the bathroom. I went to the bathroom probably about, probably about six, seven times.


Really? Yeah. Before kickoff My stomach. Man, it didn't matter. Ocho. And then here's the thing. We had them guys, man, Ocho, you know, them guys be throwing up like Tommy, like Mark re and you know it's a reflex. You hear some Man, I Man, you hear it be quiet in there because you know everybody getting ready. We're probably like 10 minutes before the game. So not everything is really hushed and all you hear in the bathroom throwing up, Come on man. So now you like, Come On, that mess you up, man. Y'all gotta do this every game.


Yeah. I play with, I play with a guy, I forget his name, Darren Rosoff. He ended up breaking his neck. He was a wrestler, but he could throw up on command. He could do on Command. On command. He was in the game and well way, we wanted to call a time timeout and the rep, he just threw up on the center's hand. Oh. Purpose. He was a nose guard. He just threw up. Right, right, right. He just threw up on the center's hand. But anytime you could just be walking down having a conversation, he like draw throw up and he could throw up just like that. Just, just like you like spit water out or something he could throw up just like that. He, he, he was a big boy. Huh?


Fat. He was fat? Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. I I'm like, come on babe. That's crazy. But yeah. Oh. So my, my nerves, my nerves were bad. Always. Always. Yeah. And they, they, they, they always used to say whenever you, you know, it's time to retire when you, when you getting ready to play a game and that feeling is no longer there, that mean your, your love for the game is gone. I still love Mocho. I just couldn't do the meetings no more. I ain't gonna lie. And that's still my biggest thing. They'll tell you now, Hey Ash, I don't do the meeting. It Means be hell bro. Ash, Ash does all my meetings. Right. Unless it's absolutely like when obviously when we start talking Xs and, and this and that and what we need to do.


Right, right, right. I get it. But other than that, Yeah. Nah, y'all ain't finna talk me to that with he boring ass meetings. Yeah. And it, and it'd be the same thing. The same stuff. I start doodling, I'm thinking about everything. I'm like, look it around like Mr. Sharp, is everything okay? No, everything okay. It is not okay. No, I'm not. Okay. Hey, the meetings be long. Listen, NFL meetings, they have meetings about the meeting and they meeting just to meet at times. Yes. Some stuff just be, just to take up the time. Just to take up the time to make sure they stay on the schedule, bro. I'm like, bro, we just went over this. Okay. Yeah, you leave. Okay. Mike has this meeting. Okay, we have an offensive meeting and then we go in and break up. We got a tight end meeting to go over meeting.


Yeah. What we just went over in that Went over again. I'm like, come man, all these damn meetings. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's why I say they have a meeting about a meeting That, that Hey. Oh Hey. Those were the good days, Man. I, Hey, I'm glad when I started getting older and Mike was like 84, you ain't gotta come to this or 84 8 just be out there of like the second or third period when I didn't have to practice. Yeah. But once, and I, you know, he's like, get your lift in so forth and so on. Get your cardio in. Oh, I said Mike, hey, I Can give a Comfortable, I give a couple more. And, and and they, and they, they really don't trip as long as you know your shit. Oh. If you know your shit, you don't make no mistakes. Oh, you good Man. I done been you I been in the West coast so long.


I had been in the West coast so long. You could, you could do it blindfolded. Yes. You could do it blindfold. Man. I'd be in there. Oh, Those were the days Ocho. Those were the days. Oh Yeah. Ilona Maher. Hold on. Ilona Maher helped the U US women's rugby team to a pair of wins and pool sea action today. the U US defeated Japan 30 67 and Brazil 24 to five. the U US played France on Monday before starting play. Those rugby players are different. I saw one of them arm wrestling beat. Yeah. Hey. Yeah. Them women talk.


Well they strong now. Hell yeah. Now any, any, any anybody playing rugby? Yeah. A sport like that with no pads, no pad, no covering, no helmets, no face masks. You built differently mentally. Hell yeah. You Built differently mentally. Yeah, I've been good. 'cause I ain't tried to go in the middle. Hey, y'all just passed me the ball on the side. On the, on the side. Yeah. Hey, hey, were y'all in there? Were y'all laterally? Him and he laterally? Yeah. And then y'all lateral to me on the side because I'm hitting, I'm hit that sideline. I'm gone. Hey, I ain't tried to run the middle Full. And, and they playing full speed now. No helmets, no nothing. Full speed. Yeah. All that tackle. That's why Ocho, I used to be a running back.


I played running back up until like I was a senior. Whoa. Until you got to Savannah State. You said some Tight end? No, I was a senior in high school, man. Okay, okay. Okay. Ocho, you know what I got? I get back to the Hold my bad shark. The dude done hit me in the backfield. My bad. Sharp. No, I said, you know what Joe? We in spring practice, I right my senior year got the ball. We ran the vera. I was a fullback. Right Dude with I said, I said I'm moving the tight end. That Was it. That was it. That's all she wrote You, man. I'm tired of that. Oh, Ocho man. I'm tired. My bad sharp man. Man. Who? Man, sharp. That's me. Sharp. I get it next to next time. Yeah, dude, I'm in the backfield, man.


Dude, dude done fit me around, dude. A hip in the butt with his helmet hit in my back. Yeah. I said, nah, I'm done. I went the tight end. Looked back Back. Yeah. Coach, say, Hey, You gotta check back. You can get a scholarship at a run at the running back. I said I can get a scholarship at tight end too. Yes, Sir. They give tight end scholarship. I'm done. I'm done. I was done with that ocho. Yeah. I don't like that running back. Only reason I played running back anyway. My brother played running back now. I wasn't really, that was Ocho. Check this out. Hmm. How much are individual gold medals worth in each country by territory? If you win a gold medal for Hong Kong, yeah, they'll give you $768,000.


Wait, that should payout for winning Gold medal. If you win a gold medal, woo. And you can see it on the screen. OCHO Israel. Yeah. 2 2 75 Serbia, two 18 Malaysia two 14, all the way down. Look at there. How does even Spain is a hundred thousand. the U Us. Wait, we only get 37,000. We ought to be ashamed ourselves. Wait a minute. That mean, that mean the sponsors. The sponsors, depending on who, who you represent or who you who, who you're endorsed by. They pay more than the U US does for winning gold. If anything, we should be at the top, if not at the, we should be right Behind At least, at least 2000 should be right Behind Hong Kong.


At least, at least quarter of a meal. Ocho They need to do something by that. Come on. Now that don't make no sense. I mean, look At all these, I mean, look at all these country. Hey, Estonia, a hundred grand Kosovo Ukraine, 125 Kosovo been fighting for the last 30 years and they can somehow scrimmage up 30,000, 20,000 Ukraine. How you Ukraine? Ukraine been for the last two years and they their 20 Man. That, that, that's crazy. I I'm, I'm not sure what the Olympic media Is doing. Bull drive, But somebody they need, they need to strike, they need to strike The only way to get that money up. 37,000. Huh? Like our teachers, our teachers make 37,000.


And I ain't thought it represent country. I I thought it was 75. I didn't know. I didn't know that it was that 37,000. Come on now. Come on now. O Olympic committee. Come on now. Y'all gotta do right. You, you gotta do right by athletes now. Come on now. Hong Kong. Almost a million dollars. Almost. Almost. Come on man. How about this At ocho? Yeah. Hey no. Allows if you win a hundred meter, if you win a hundred meter gold, me and OCHO 25,000 a piece. Bet. I know. No, I know. You gonna see this and you know, I don't like to spend no money because that don't make no sense.


I ain't even know that If you win gold, if you win that a hundred on top of your 37 5, that the U us is gonna give you, me and UNC 25,000 a piece. You too Sha careri, Ms. Richardson, sis. You know how I feel about you. I love you. You get that a hundred on top of your 37 5. You got another 25 and 25 coming from me and unc. Come On now. Yeah. A Since. Ain't They not gonna fight by us. You win to gold 25 KI Tell you, no lie, I lie for you before I lie to you. That Don't Make no sense.


That don't make no sense for it. Be Goddamn embarrass. I'm embarrassed, my Bad. Come on man. 37,000. All the work they've been putting in, all the work they've been putting in the past four years. And you go represent your country and you walk away with 37,000 and Hong Kong giving away almost a million to anybody that went gold. No allows Train, no lo train. Four years for nine seconds seconds. Rod Benjamin trained, he trained four years for 46 seconds. And you mean to tell me for all that 37,000 Hell they gonna do with that America the beautiful Y'all come.


Got you. We gotta do something about that. No, what we got you Shaki. We got you. Oh, and what you call them? A Sid? Oh, Sid what? A Sid running the the, the fold, The hurdles. The four, the Hurdles. Yeah. Is is she running the, she running the open folks? No, She gonna run. She she going, she gonna be on the relay. She gonna run, gonna run one to four by four Relay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well you might, Hey, you, well you might as well. You might as well mail. See her check now. You might as well mail. See her check now. Come on now. I got, we gotta put money aside. That's already what, that's fine. How much is that? We already done put aside. How much is that Ash? That's under cage. Oh, we already done put a hundred K.


Okay. I got it saved up. That's Fine. That's fine. I, I, I got, I got that right here. I got that right here in the, in the safe. We good, we good. 37,000. Yeah. Come on man. Come on Ul. Come on Olympic Committee. We come on now. Come on man. We got all, we got all this money to send everywhere else. Yes, dibbling and dabbling in everybody else business giving everybody else Y'all been president, But we ain't got no money to come on now, baby. Hey, they better never let me be president. Win a go. You. Hey, break a world record. Get a million dollars. Yeah. Win gold. Hey listen, win gold.


500,000, two 50 for silver. One 50, 100,000 foot bronze. Matter of fact, when I think about it, I think about the U us. We are the big bad USA so obviously we wanna be on top of everything. Yes. Well, you win gold. I you win gold. I'm giving you a million. Yes. You get a million for gold off rep. Well, I, I would Give a million. You gotta give him a million for a world record. Yeah. I, I want to be happy. I want him to be proud not only to do, to represent our country, but to be paid well for doing so. And winning for all the work you've put in for the past four years. Yeah. We Got said so. Damn, that's a hundred thousand. You good? You good?


Hey, listen, trying to think the funny Who we gonna pay? What we Got funny. You know the funny thing about it, I just left, I just left, I just left Cleveland yesterday. I just left Cleveland yesterday doing the sign and Oh, some, some great dudes was there, man. I saw Troy Polamalu, Roy Jones. Okay. Barry Sanders. Calvin Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. I I just did a whole, my signing yesterday. I just made a hundred K yesterday. See, so I That's that, that's, that's, yeah. We good. We good. We good. I got it. Hey, what the Noah, Shari, we got you. 37 thou Hey you, you.


Hundred Thousand. Guess what I'm gonna pay, I'll pay 50,000. Any, any American to break a world record. I don't give a damn what the video is. Steep will chase 5,000 meter shot, put disc because I don't care. Yeah. I like it. I like it Out of my pocket. I like it. 37,000. Yeah. Come on man. I I I've been working the past years, been working my ass off the past four years. What I mean by the time you pay your coach, You train them and Everybody, everybody don't have sponsors. Like c everybody ain't got a sponsor like Shaka.


Everybody don't have sponsors like Noah Low. Everybody ain't got it like that. That's crazy. Some of these people living like working at, at home Depot and a hardware. And I understand like sometimes these, these companies, they pitch in, but damn, Come on now. Come on America Olympic committee. I'm not sure. I I don't even know the name of who runs the committee or whoever the president of the Olympic committee is. That don't make no sense. I dunno who the PI had no idea it was the, I I had no idea it was that low. I didn't either. Hey, what you think? Well, hold on. What you think they make at the Pro Bowl? You win the Pro Bowl, man. A hundred. It's a hundred thousand I think now At the Pro Bowl.


Yeah. And they out there playing around. What you mean to tell you getting 37,000 for reps in your country for the whole world Watching? Man, I first went to the Pro Bowl, we got 10 grand for the winners and five to the losers. And you know what it cost. Oh, so you know what it cost. You take your family. Oh yeah. You in the hole. Hey, that, that whole check, that whole check going Pocket and mo Pocket Pocket reimburse everything you paid for. Oh, it Was two 50. It was two 50 for a hotel room. Remember you got over there Sunday? Yeah. If you wasn't, you were y you weren't in the Super Bowl, huh? Right. You y'all stayed at the Ani. I was the first one to stay at. At first We stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. That was where they used Oh, That's where everybody could, could See you and stuff.


And then they moved us to the Ani. Yeah. And the room. And I ended up taking, I took my coach and his wife. I took my offensive coordinator. Hi. I took my position, coach and his wife, Eckle and his wife Chris. I took BP and Steph, his, I took Wade Harmon. So I took, I flew them over. Yeah. Put them up. Right. Everything was on me. My sister had done gone. My sister's like, I don't want to go my sister, I'm done. Right. She went twice. That was it. She didn't wanna go. She ain't wanna go no more. So basically it was just like, okay, I bring my position coaches. Right, right. Because I, because I, matter of fact, I, I appreciated them working with me.


Pushing me. Even like even, you know, coaching me hard, letting me know what I was doing. Well, what I didn't do. Well, my first promo OCHO was 93. And I was the first team all pro. I bought the offensive lineman Rolexes. Mm. Because I believe who was lot of money. They, I believe when they called a play and, and, and seven el and John would say, Hey, t I'm coming. I believe they blocked a little harder for me. Matter of fact, you hit, you hit it. He was just, you see the motivation. You just said, you see the motivation. Talk to the chat. Gimme two seconds. Hold on. Yeah. That maybe, maybe Shaki, you know, Shakira and Noah, you know, and see it.


They gonna see this, you know, they gonna see this. Right. They gonna see it before it's time to run. Yeah. Hold on. We got something on. You know, I, Hey, you know, I got my nephew Rob Benjamin. I lovery. I've been, Hey, I know he can do this. I know Carson Warhol Ry, you, you can make the argument. He's the greatest 400 meter hurdle. The world champion, the world record holder gone under 46 trying to be a repeat champ. But I believe Ry can do it. So I'm gonna put my money where my mouth is. Rock 20 5K, world record. Another one. We gonna, we gonna make this right. Want y'all to be looking nice.


Floss Ocho going to do something. I don't know what OCHO going to do, man. Yeah, of course. I believe I look, I, I, I'm, I'm a firm believer, you know. Hey, I did right. We the, the training staff, everybody. Hey, we went around to collect the money. They got a nice little bonus. The equipment, the equipment guys, the video guys. The equipment guys. Oh, we broke 'em off. We made sure I made sure they was taken care of. Man. That's what you supposed to do. Listen, Sid, Noah, Shari, I know y'all gonna see this, right? I know y'all gonna see this.


I got 50. Here go 50,000 right here. That's for the world record. Unless I'm not even playing here. Go 50,000 right here. Yep.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, ju Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, One Of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the U US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Nah, we, we, we not playing since that, that that little motivation. Sometimes you need a little motivation, right? Yeah, motivation. Hold on, hold on. I got another 50 right here. Just, just wait. Hold on. 10. Oh no, this We ain't playing. We ain't playing. We not playing. You win that hundred. That that a hundred. Noah Shari Shaki. That hundred Sid. The 400 hurdles. I got you. Just in case. Just in case you need a little motivation. You know I'm, I'm about the type to be stunned and showing off cast. I ain't no rapper. It's sitting right here, Olympic. It's sitting for you.


I tell you what I do. If you break Olympic record, I add another 25 world record 50. Stop playing man. 37. 37,000. That's what we doing. You done bust your ass 30 for four years straight to represent our country and the payout for saying thank you for the work you put in is 37 fucking thousand. Come on man. Nah, come on man. Stop playing man. We gonna Do the a, The, the a, the great USA home of the free. Y'all better come on with it. Y'all better come on with it. Come On man. Y'all better be glad. Me and Ocho ain't out there because we done got some Franks. What, what the, what they play what the what's the what, what, what?


The, the monetary in France. Franks. Come on Man. What they play? What? What's their money? Euros. Okay. Yeah. Y'all better be glad Ocho win the euros because we done got a million dollar worth of euros out. Come get it. I'm gonna be right down at the end. Come get it. And you, you know my, my my my cheap ass. I don't even spend no money. You know? I ain't, I ain't bullshitting this, this for a good cause. Yeah. I, you know what? Outside Out, outside of child support, I was about, hey, I was about to get me a new watch. I ain't even, IF that watch f that watch. I'm gonna set that money inside. I'm gonna set that money aside for the Olympians.


37,000. Yeah. They oughta be ashamed. Come on man. Man. Where, where all the big wigs at? Yeah, ZOS, bill Gates. Come on man. Yeah. Y'all talking about y'all proud. Y'all be proud. How proud are you? Hey, I didn't know it was that low. I didn't either. I didn't need, I didn't know it was that low. I thought it was like, I thought it was like a hundred thousand, 75, 50. They giving a hundred thousand for the Pro Bowl. And they out there playing around. We talking about representing your country. They got me 38 hot.


Man. I'm you too. His sweating. Oh. I know. Real Gonna be mad than the motherfucker. But what you gave away? Money. Oh, this ain't her. She got her own money now. That what I say. Hey, ain't nobody be mad at me. That's what I tell the kids. The stock market go up or down. They like Daddy, how did stock, I say, that's your money daddy money over here, daddy. Money ain't impacted by the stock market. Y'all money impacted by the start market. Y'all the one that should be praying Daddy. Good. That ain't got nothing to do with me. That's y'all. But yeah, man, we got y'all nor we got you. We got you seeing Carrie.


Hey Rob Benjamin. Gotcha. That's crazy. Hey, where we At? You know what a somebody said Grant Holloway. Grant Holloway. Oh, we got you the Flamingo. The Flamingo. Yes. Come on Black. Same for you. Same for you. Go to a grant. Go on to get this 75. 'cause I know you ready got the world record in. You going to get this 7,500. Come get 75,000 off phone. I know you got it in you. Come on Now. I know you got it in. You're going to get it. Three time World Champ, Olympic Champ. Hey bro, you got a chance to be the greatest hurdle of all time.


All time. Come On bro. That's what we do hurts what we do? Alan Johnson, Roger Kingdom Aries Mart Grant aint add your name, bro. Come on now. We ain't playing. Come on now. Well you, you saw what Flavor FA did? Huh? Oh, you at the game? I saw you at the water polo fla Fa Huh? What he had? He, he had the sponsor, the water polo team. Oh, did he? Flavor, Flav. Fame. Had he had to sponsor the water polo team, that shouldn't be happening. No. No. Stuff like that should be taken care of. If you representing your country, Ocho check this out. How much do you think it costs?


The fencing equipment. Costs Fencing? Yes. Oh, that's a good one. That's a good one. 'cause I, I, I, I have, I Have record. What you got Foil? I think we went one, two. The women went one, two. Right. And, and, and, and fencing Foil. It's two, but there's two of 'em, isn't it? Didn't the, in the, in there two different types of fencing. I like the team. I like the team fencing too. Hung gone. How much is fencing equipment? It's expensive. I, I don't know much about fencing at all. Hey, man, B and my brother used to fence so much with broomsticks foil.


All man. Shout out to Flavor. Flav, man. Okay. Salute. Yeah. How much, how much the equipment cost Ash for fencing. Ocho? Yes sir. You wanna find some of these countries? Shoot. Oh, that's, that's easy work. You got, you gotta remember I had took Geo Geography class when I was at Yale for a semester. Yeah. I got my, I got my Globe now. Foil, et What is it? Et Penn and Saber. What you wanna find first?


Ojo. I mean, listen, I know the Globe by heart. I know the globe like the back of my hand. All you gotta do is just say it. I'm gonna point right to it. You, I'm gonna give you an easy with Ojo since they done got a lot of our money over the last year and a half, two years. Ukraine. Who that? Ukraine. You Ukraine? Yeah. Boy, I can't see nothing, but he got damn glasses, bro. Hey, I got it right here, Baby. Where's it at? Ukraine? Right below. What'd that say? Lar Belarus Be? That's what it say, Belarus? Yeah. Below Belarus. It's to the, yeah, to the east. Right, right, Right, right above the Black Sea.


Yes, that's it. Yeah. Right above the Black Sea. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't never been down. You know what? Yeah. Estonia. Oh, Estonia. Yeah. Oh yeah, I know, I know Estonia. Hey, but my lighting, I can't see nothing. Huh? Yeah, I, I was, I was in Estonia last week. Hey, hold on. I got, I need my light. I need my light from a, there we go.


Now I can see it is, man, where the hell is stone at now? You, you know where it's stone at? It's below Finland. Right next to St. Petersburg. Only St. Petersburg I know is St.


Petersburg in Florida. I don't know about no St They got St. Petersburg in Russia. That's, that's way older than St. Petersburg in Florida. Okay. Okay. I found it. I found it. It's right there by Latvia. Right, right, right above Latvia. Latvia and Lithonia. Yes. Lithonia. I said that right. Latvia? Yes. Yeah. So Right, right, right next to Moscow, Poland right there too. Yeah. See, okay. You doing good? Yeah. I, Hey, listen, I I told you I was, I had Geo, I took geography, geography 300 man at Yale. I never forget. 2002. I, no. Yeah, 2002 during the off season.


I was try, I was trying to get my masters. What about Malaysia? Malaysia? Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, wait. Oh, hold on, hold on, hold on. Lemme show you. Let show you where Malaysia at real quick. Hold on, hold on. Let me get over here. Hold on. Malaysia should be right, Right There you go. Right there. Malaysia. Malaysia's right there by the Gulf of Thailand. Real, real small. It's green. Yes. You see it? You See it? Yes. It's above Singapore.


Yep. Right? Yep. Right above Singapore. Below Cambodia. Yeah. Cambodia. Thailand's right there next to Cambodia. Yeah. See? See, I told you, I I know my stuff now. You see how fast I got to that thing? I got that thing about five seconds. Shoot. Give Gimme another one. Gimme another one. Told you, boy, that Yale, that Yale education don't play. You want another one? Yeah. Gimme, gimme one more. Gimme one more. Lemme show you how good I am. You know what Ocho I'm gonna give you. Shoot. Yeah, gimme a good one because it, it don't matter where you go. It don't matter where you, you go in the world. Goddammit. Mo shoot. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, Waldo Ava. I done been there. Who? Ava Mo.


Ava. Yep. Hell, I'm gonna have a hard time finding that one. Ocho Mo. Ava. Yep. I'm glad I got this damn light. Boy. Can they, why my eyesight bad Mo MoFA. Where the hell is MoFA? I'm gonna ask you to find it because I don't know. Oh, found it. Damn.


Where's That? It's under Ukraine. Oh, you went back. We back over there. Hold on, hold on. I gotta, I gotta turn my globe back around Under Ukraine. It's up under Ukraine. I I still don't see it. I'm looking at Ukraine. I just see Romania come On down. Oh Yeah. What? Yeah. Told you, I told you about Hey, that, that, that Yale, that Yale Harvard education. Boy, that goddamn geography, man. I was trying to get a, trying to get my master's in. I'm trying to get my master's in world travel.


I already know Ocho. Yeah. I was trying to get my master's in world travel. You Talking about a Rhode Scholar? This man can't read a roadmap, man. Hey Ocho, did you see what they carried the athletes medals out on? No. What, what, What? Baton lv Hey, well Listen, hold on. Now they in Paris. It is only, right? You Know what? It's only How about, How about it's only right, Whatever you bring the athlete's tray out, a metal out on. Yes sir. You give 'em the tray that it's on. Let him have a little food in there. Let let him have the tray too. Yeah. Well, may, may. You think they did? Maybe they did. I don't because there's no need. If, if, if the metals come, if the metals come in the tray, what's the point of taking the tray back?


Hey, That's a, Hey, that's thing Tray. That's a lot of trades. Louis, Louis got because they're 10,000 athletes. You probably got how many you, I mean, what you could probably give out at least what you, what you say Ocho, how many gold medals? A thousand. Yeah. You'll give out more than a thousand, you know, probably a thousand medals for sure. Over two, 3000. Listen, Louis Vuitton has, has had the opportunity to prepare for this moment. Yes. For four years. You are never, they're never four years gonna be on a get a, a, a, a a, a bigger commercial platform than what they got right Here. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. And you gotta think an entity of this magnitude really doesn't need any, any more.


No, they don't. They don't need it. They don't need, Yeah. Yeah. But Still everybody know what that, everybody know what that LV stand for? ocho? Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. But do do Right Do do right by the athletes though. Do right by the athletes. Flavor Flav signed the five year sponsorship deal as the official hype man for the U US Women's men's water polo team, which was announced July 1st by the U US water polo. As part of the made contributions to the women's water polo team for Paris Olympics. His duty as high man includes multiple appearance. The team events including the 2024 Olympics. That's live. That's live. That's live.


And the fact that flavor fa Flavor, Flav had to put money up for all in America. Polo team. We got co we got companies worth three. We got companies worth trillions, not billions. Do you know how much money? Trillion. You gotta have to get to a trillion. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. A million billion. Listen, all, all, all of all of this should have been taken care. Our country. It's a thousand billion. Everything should have been taken care of. A thousand billion. Everything should have been taken care of. It should have. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't understand. I don't understand. They Need to, Hey, y'all need to hire us. We did. Y'all need to put us up, put us out there so we can go solicit some funds.


Yeah, I'm, well look here. Hey, matter of fact, if you, if you had to work in Olympics any job, what job would you assist for in the Olympics? If, if you could What you mean Assist? Yeah, assist. Like, like, like a job. You could, you could be an a, a gymnast assistant for the gymnast or speech body. Women's speech body. Like the, the, for women's Speech volleyball. So what you gonna be the coach or what what, what I'm assistant whatcha gonna do? Let's go ladies, let's go. That's all I gotta, what the hell you want me to do?


You know, You know, I'm, I'm trying to think if, if I can have a job at the Olympics. Oh, that's a good one. You know, I would love to be at, at the track and field event. Oh, for sure. I be The coach, coach auto boat. I wanna be next voting the Coach. Yeah. To to be the coach and see the, and and, and give 'em that pep talk before the hundred, before the 200, before the 400 before the four. Before the four by one. Yeah. I I love to have that conversation. Yeah. Or maybe like, maybe like the water boy for the, for the, for the, the U us men's national team. Oh, oh, basketball. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be be the Water Boy or something. I mean, to like, to hear like when Tom Hammonds, I don't know, I, I forget the guy's name now, but Tom Hammond used to be the boy of, of, of track and field at the Olympics.


And to hear him and Otto and, and Senior Richards Ross, mc le, they do an unbelievable job. Otto knows it backwards and forwards. And to hear them talk and like he's done going through it. He's like, I'm looking at this and I'm looking at that. I'm seeing the way he's running and I saw the block and this and that. I don't think there's three people in this field that's going to, that's gonna keep him off the podium. Man. I just Yeah, that would, that would, that would, that would, oh, I'll tell you what, if the Lord spent my life, I bet I'll be at the track and field in LA in 28. Oh yeah. Most definitely. I mean, it, it's right.


It's right there around the corner. Yes, sir. I'm Gonna be there. Right there around The corner. Oh, I'm gonna be, I'm definitely gonna be, I'm definitely gonna be on a flight from Miami. Yes. I'm gonna take that five hour flight. Matter of fact, you might might, you might wanna book your hotel now years in advance because then you ain't gonna be able to find nowhere to stay. Oh, I'm gonna find somewhere to stay. Y'all place you stay. I'm, I tell you what, I'm going, I'm gonna see track and field. Yeah. I'm gonna see some swimming obviously. I'm gonna catch basketball. Catch the men's team. Yeah. LeBron. I wanna see the, I wanna see the gymnastics. I wanna see the gymnastics. I'm gonna see the women. Yeah. I wanna see the, I'm try to think if I can't be going way out, man, because you know, a lot of them been, they gonna have to do out like the, the, the, the shooting.


And you know what I wanna see archery, Archery, archery's, Man, you see the way, man, they find that arrow. Yeah. And let that that boat be dangling And if you be Shooting. I bet, I bet. Archery when it come to shooting or any, any of the fuel events like that. I think you probably have to be quiet too. Oh, oh Yeah. You gotta be quiet. Yeah. Like when you play golf, you Gotta slow your heart rate down. Ocho you know, when I grew up in the, growing up in the South, they teach you to close your eye when you're shooting close one eye. But they keep both eyes open. It's like, why would you, why would you render 50% of your vision? You wanna see all of it. So I, you know, you always look down the barrel, you know, you close one eye. No, them just have both eyes open.


They don't miss, Hey, That's crazy. You see Bob, the camp catcher went viral today. His only job is to jump in the water, grab swimmer swim caps that are falling off. Yeah. Hey, that's, that's, that's a, that's a good job, man. That's a good one. I wonder how much they pay Bob. They ain't pay Bob nothing. I bet Bob, Bob might make more than 37,000. Hey, Bob had his viral moment. That's his pay. That's his, his hat going viral. Hey, that, that, that's his pay, Man. Bob, shout out man. Look, look, look at Bob.


Look at Bob. His, his stance to jump in the water. No kind of form, no technique. Yeah, but I'm going, oh, I'm, I'm going track and field. I'm gonna see track and field. I'm gonna see men's and women's basketball. I'm definitely gonna see swimming. I'm, I can't I say play the game there. Yeah. Wait, wait a minute. Now you never know. You, you never know. I mean, at some point in time she probably gonna wanna start a family ocho. Yeah. Yeah. But that, I mean that's a conversation that, that that would be had. You know that. But she's not, she, how old is, she's 27 most, first of all, all to meet you nine.


She's going to three Olympics. Most women mo especially well American women. When, Yeah, when do you stop American women, they, they retire early. You look at mm, you look at Mary Lou Ratton, you look at Sean Johnson, you look at Dominique Monu, you look at Dominique Dolls, you look at Gabby Douglas, you look at all them. Nastia Lukins, they gone. They were gone. Now this is the thing, do they retire early because they want to, or do they retire early because they can't deal with the injuries that they sustained throughout their career? Think About the OCHO they've been doing, they've been tumbling and flipping since they were three. So you figured Yes, they little. Yeah. At the age of 20 and the 21.


Because your best years are your teenage early twenties, Right? Yeah. Yeah. You look at Nadia Coleman when she did, we got the perfect 10 a old, I mean a lot of the, like the European and older. I mean, I saw a lady, where was she from? She might have been, that was her fifth Olympics. She was 40 doing gymnastics. Right. So that mean, I mean, at 31, I mean, Simone can still continue to dominate. Yeah. Even at 31 if she's able to, you know, maintain her health. But See, the thing is, but I, I think she can, I think she can Do it. And Simone, Simone has has sponsors. Now you look at like the Soviets when they had, you know, well that was, that was, that was the still, maybe that wasn't before the fall because they had Fe Laa, Corina and Bosca.


But I think she was Belarusian and maybe she was this Russian team. Right. But a lot of the, like those European women that like, they get a certain age, they're like, ah, yeah, eh, Yeah. But 31 Ultra, I mean, like, it's not, look, there's not been a lot of women America. I don't know if there's any other, like I said, obviously like the, you know, the great women obviously Mary Lou and you mentioned Gabby Douglas and you mentioned Simone Biles and you mentioned Dominique Dos and Dominique Occhio and Sean Johnson. Nasia Lucin. I'm talking about a lot of these women who won the all around titles. Some the silver medals. And you like Nadia Coleman, I think she just went to the 76. I don't think she went from Romania.


The Romanians normally bring a, a strong contingent. That's when Bella Corolla, he ended up defecting and he became a lot of these trainer. But is it possible? Yes. I I'm not gonna say anything is possible. Yeah. I wouldn't put anything past Simone Biles. But at that point, if, I mean, if you're the greatest, I mean, she wins the women's all around with all the world championships and how many times she's been the national champion of America. I mean, yeah. Is it, there's there's nothing else to prove. But I think if she was a compete in 28 at the age of 31, I think it would be to Legacy is already solidified.


Yeah. There's really, really nothing much more she has to prove At this point. I'll Be the greatest. But it, it would just, it would just have to be something she wants to do. Right. To, ah, she's already the, the, the goat. So I, I'm, I'm not sure. Right. I'm, I'm not sure because it's A lot to you by, that's, that's, that's a lot, man. That that tumbling. I mean, if it is work for her, because I mean she's four 10 what? Probably 90, 95 pounds. But she's done a great job of maintaining her weight off season. She doesn't go, huh? She's, Yeah. Weight down fluctuate Much. She, she's four foot eight Real. Yes. Okay.


Okay. You know what? Now, now that you just mentioned her height, are there any gymnasts, I'm not gonna say of size because I, I don't wanna be disrespectful, but that are a little on the taller end. Are there any gymnasts like 5 8 5 7? Or do you have to be somewhat short? Toia lucin, Dr. Lucin had to be over five foot tall. That's a great question. Probably, but five two. Five three. Yeah. See Noia Lucas was tall. She was five three. What about, so that's that. What about, That's considered tall and gymnastics five three is considered tall. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. I mean, what about Lana Corina, Keena five, two?


Yeah. See most of them, I mean, So I, I I wonder, I wonder if you, If you want, 'cause Ocho you need to be small to be able to flip the tumble to get that. Because think about Right. And that's the taller you are. That's the, the greater the center of gravity you have. Right. And, and that, that's what I was just getting ready to say. Can you still be as sharp? Yeah. If you're tall, if you're taller than five two and five three, will you, you still Be as sharp. They say average sharp ocho, they say, Ash said the average is between four nine and five four. Simone is below average at four foot eight. Right. And then when you start getting above 4, 5, 4, It makes it that much more difficult. You think? How Tall was felon boka?


The Russian swan? See How tall was She? Five two. Okay. That's Corina probably with the same thing. So, so in the history of, of, of gymnastic in general from a women's standpoint, no one has ever been 5 7, 5 8. I i ocho dope. Like I said, I I, I watched gymnastics and I know a little bit about it. I don't recall. I don't recall. Now there have been like Larissa Latina, she had the most gold, had the most medals before Michael Phelps. She couldn't have been no more than about five two. She might have been five foot tall. Right. Marrisa Latina Russian.


You say Kayla Ross is five seven Hederman from Germany is five seven. Okay. Five seven kind of tall. That's that, that, that's Tall. That's very tall. 40. That's a lot to try to get that flip. Right. Right, right, right. See, Larissa Latina was five three mm. So I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. That's my, that's my history lesson for the day. Okay. The Volume


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Carolo Judy Batista and NFL Networks, team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.