
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Right now I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cashback offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing and obsession for some of us This's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay is for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for wa watching. Joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite, aunt Shannon Sharpe. That guy is your favorite number 85 Liberty City Zone. Bingo, ring of Famer, pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thank you guys for joining us. As the Chargers take down the Broncos take down who 34 to 27 in a Thursday night game. I don't know what the game is called, but the Chargers did win by the score of 34 to 27. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support.


Thank you guys for your continued support. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. Shaa by La Porter, the holidays are punished us. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you didn't order it by today, I hate to got bad news for you. You're not gonna be able to get it by the 30th. The 18th was the cutoff. And so hopefully if you ordered it by midnight, if you ordered by midnight, there's still a chance. But if you don't get it in by the 18th, we can't guarantee you that it's gonna be there by the 30th. Go ahead, OTO. I I hate to interrupt, you know, while we do the introduction on apparel in the merch, but I was just curious if, if I was gonna get mine before Christmas, 'cause I was hoping I could use it being that they have a few flights to catch in cold weather cities.


Are you at your house right now? Yeah. Okay. Are you sure? I, Yeah, I Mean, For real. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now, now maybe it might be, maybe someone might be keeping it from me on purpose knowing that I'm waiting on it. So I I would have to deal with that on a Okay. Okay. At a later date time. Yeah. Yes Sir. Yes sir. I apologize. Go ahead and continue. My bad. If you cannot find Shea by La Porter in a city or state near you, you can order and we'll get it right to you immediately. And one more thing, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company on all of its PLA pages, all of it Platform, excuse me.


And the she she media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. I knew it's released, just dropped last month. We've got t-shirt sweats. We've also had stocking stuffers such as beanies, cos, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour. Stop. The tickets are on, on sale now. The link is pinned in the top of the chat. Whoa. February 6th in New Orleans. Make sure you're there. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. That's, that's us. Please go vote. The link is pinned at the top of the chat and on our social pages as well as our in our social bios.


The chargers take down the Bronco after they outscore 'em 21 to six in the second half. The chargers needed to win. Need to win one of their next two games to clinch a playoff spot in the A FC. The Broncos need to win or tie one of their next two games in order to clinch an A F C's playoff spot. Bo Nicks 29 of 42 63. Two touchdowns. Justin Herbert, 23 of 4 31. 2 84. Two touchdowns and one inception. Broncos got off to a great start. 21 scored 21 points in the first half chargers. Get a free kick. What people didn't understand about the rule OCHO on the last play, if somebody fair catches it, yeah.


Send us for a fair catch. And there's a penalty call on the kicking team. Yes sir. You can elect to have a free kick because there's no time on the clock. Yeah, that's what the charges did. They elected to get a free kick. The guy made a 57 yard field goal. So they went in at the half down 21 to 10, but they come out on fire in the second half and score outs, score the Broncos 21 to six and they win the ball game very much. Could have been very detrimental to their playoff. Yeah. Had they lost this game, but they did what they were supposed to do. They hung tough, they dialed the pressure up in the second half and the Broncos c committed some penalties. Listen, coach, I'm gonna let you take it out there. Yeah.


When the quarterback start the slide, they're not gonna let you touch him even if you bump it. So guys go over the top with the monkey roll. If you touch the quarterback, he's going into a slide, they're going to throw a penalty. You can't say bull jive that say, I didn't hit him that hard. Don't touch It. Yeah. But the Broncos, they self-inflicted penalty in the second half, both offensively and defensively. And Bo Nicks had, he had Mims, Marvin Mims Jr. Seven, eight yards behind the defender. And he puts too much air up in it. Lets the defender catch up. And that was basically it. You can't miss those kinda opportunities when you're on the road.


Go ahead, Ocho. Well listen, first off, the Broncos lost and I've, I've allowed you, which I don't know why you doing it, but for some reason it's coming out your mouth. I didn't say anything. I don't want you to say foot or ball tonight. Matter of fact, any words that begin with a letter F or begin with a letter BI don't even want to hear it. I don't even wanna hear it. I didn't say, I did not say that. You Did. You did. I said, I said the Broncos lost a game to the charges. Broncos, what letter is that? They start with a letter B. Right? I don't, matter of fact, don't say foot or ball and I don't want hear no words come outta your mouth tonight on the, the entirety of the show begins with letter F begins with the letter B because the broco Broco the good guys lost to the bad guys.


How about that? That, that, that's the letter B. That's that's a letter B The good Guys. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. The good guys lost to the enemy. Oh, There we go. I like that. I like that much better. Now, I, I hate to, I hate to do this, but I wanna make sure that you understand with the Broncos losing tonight that there's a certain team in the Midwest that has an opportunity to get into the playoffs and be into the hunt because it's tonight's loss. I got I But y'all gotta win out and the Broncos have to lose out. You, have you seen our e have you seen our schedule? Have you seen our, have you seen Our schedule? I seen, I've seen, I've seen the, I've seen the Bengals. Okay. Oh, I can't say Bings. I've Seen Bill. That's, that's the word B Anyway, but anyway, back back to 98.


Listen, Bo Nicks, they look good in the first half. They, they look good. Good In the first half. I'm going this good. I don't know if Sean Payton is a quarterback whisperer or what it is because Bo next started the season off. Not very good, not very good. But how he's been from maybe week, week five or six and on, he's been playing great football, he's been playing really great football. The opportunities in the second half, the throw to men, you can't, you can't miss that. Huh? Those, those throws like that and opportunities and moments you have to make those. And I think that would be a different Got it. Obviously they didn't, they didn't help themselves with the penalties offensively, defensively, like you already said. But that guy damn Justin Herbert in the second half and he put the team on his back, on his shoulder.


Yep. The plays, the throws using his legs as well is one of the reasons why they, why they outscored the damn Broncos 21 to six. And it, it was a good game. It was a good game. It wasn't a snooze fest like the last previous game that they had Thursday night. So it was kudos to them. And I mean, Bronco Broncos fans in the chat, you can say of ball, but UNC cannot at all, at all. No words again that begin with the letter F or the letter B. Well look, you know, when you go on the road, you gotta damn near play perfect. Yes. These teams are very, it is not like one team is exponentially better than the other team.


They're very close. The score would indicate that, but you can't miss those opportunities. You got 'em on third down, you got 'em off the field. And guess what happens? You get a rough in the pass, you get a rough in the quarterback penalty and guess you give 'em a new set of downs and they score a touchdown. Right? You're about to make them kick a field goal. Okay? You got Justin Herbert sack or at least tackle for a loss and you horse calling, you give them a first down. It's things like that. You jump off sides twice or one drive. Yeah. I think they had like four penalties on one drive. Well, you're not gonna, I mean you're, first of all, there are not very many teams that are good enough to overcome that kind of dysfunction on one drive. You can't give, you know, two 15 yard penalties and two five yard penalties.


You can't do that. Right. And the Broncos definitely not good enough to do that, especially on the road. And so, you know, you, you chalk it up. I'm sure Sean is telling like, Hey guys, we've gotta clean some things up. We still got another opportunity next week. They're on the road, if I'm not mistaken, against Pittsburgh and then your home against Kansas City. Now it seems like Mahomes is gonna play. Yeah, Yeah. Tomorrow on Saturday. And it'll be very interesting to see there's a good chance that if they clinch home field, he's not gonna play the final game. Yes. Yeah. No need. No need, no need. You're not gonna, you're not gonna run, you're not gonna run that risk. But I, I, I think at the end of the day, Ocho, you gotta give, give the charges credit because they like, man, the Broncos were kind of having their way with 'em in the first.


They Were, hey, they, hey, hey, what's wrong with Boing and Khalil Mack? Like, they, they not, They're not, they did great job mojo. They double they did a great job. They doubled him a little bit. They chipped him on the way out. Bosa did get a sack. The guy came off one side and forced Nicks up into the pocket and they did a great job of collapsing the pocket and they got one. But when you look at it, I thought the Broncos did a great job of neutralizing what they were trying to do. Their pressure team. Yeah. Now they did get caught some pressure. You saw they started a, a bringing James off the edge. Yeah. They started bringing some of their linebackers Right. To try to generate some pressure, try to, he a rookie quarterback and so we're gonna try to speed him up.


Yeah. One thing you don't wanna do and let any quarterback is that you don't want, let him get comfortable. And as long as he's not comfortable, you have a great chance. Now they make him uncomfortable. We want you to make snap decisions and give the, give the charges credit. They added pressure to the mix and they, they frustrated the Broncos and they ended up winning the game. You like it? I don't wanna hear you say foot and you said Broncos again. So, matter of fact, every time you say anything with the letter F or the letter B in it, you owe me a dollar every time. And I'm, I'm, I'm Italian, I'm The whole night.


I shoulda never said, see I now, now I got you say, I shoulda have never told you that. Hey, once I did that with your, with your, your, your strip tigers. Yeah. Oh listen, listen. You know it's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt when you, it's gonna hurt when the Broncos lose the last three games that they have. And we get opportunity to go into the playoffs and that we shock everybody because of what we gonna do offensively. Now I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know. I'm, I'm not Cleo. I'm not Cleo. I can just see, I can see it playing out right now. The Bengals have a horrible, horrible season defensively, but for some reason they end up in not only the a FC championship, they end up in the Super Bowl.


Because what better story is there than Joe Burrow and Jamar Chase back at home. Oh, Y'all got the Steelers too. Y'all got the stealers again. Lemme, lemme finish what I'm saying. What better story, what better story is don't get too happy too soon. Don't do that. I'm happy with What better story is Therem than Jamar Chase and Joe Burrow planned in their second Super Bowl in New Orleans, Right? Oh, Madden Right in their backyard where they went to college. Oh, and Madden, it's possible. It's gonna be a beautiful story. It's gonna be, and don't say I didn't tell you so in chat, anybody that does not believe in me right now and what I'm telling you, 'cause I got the script.


I got the script, I know how it's gonna play out and I don't, don't be coming back and saying, oh, oh, so you said it first. Oh I, you know, you was right. You'll see 1, 2, 3, Cancun, let's get in here. Joe Cole Mahomes likely to start Saturday against the Texans. Andy Reed said today he did look good out there. He moved around pretty good. So you always looking to make sure that he can get out of the way, not do further any harm to them. Well, not to further any harm to him. So that's what I look, look at. I've been through it with him before and he's amazed every time he does it.


The guy, he seems to have been mentally tough and just puts it in his mindset that he is going to go in there and get it done where he is a few days ago. Yeah. I mean obviously the first couple of days that you are at your source Yeah. You know that, that well, that, that plane ride home, you try to minimize the swelling O Joe. So they probably had him in a boat. You might have had him in a calf and Had your foot elevator too, especially on the plane ride home. Yeah. So you try to, so you try to minimize the swelling once you get that. Now, unfortunately, you're gonna have to live at the facility. Oh yeah. We're gonna have to give you 24 hour, we're gonna get you treatment, you gonna have to sleep on the the table. We're gonna get you as comfortably as we possibly can, but you about to get treatment around the clock.


Yeah. I mean, And that's a part, that's a part of it. Don't Joe, people don't realize that. But that's a part of it. That's what you, man, I'm gonna go home. Not when you care. Not when you really care. And the game means something to you. This is what you do in order to make sure you get out there and try to Be there for your team. And I, I think today's game, obviously as, as opposed to when we were playing, obviously me, I mean the amenities and what we had to, to, to our disposal as far as treatment is concerned and, and the medicines and the technology when it comes to healing and having to be at the stadium. You know, long hours, well, well before practice, after practice and sometimes even coming in the evenings to get that work to hurry up and try to get yourself ready for a game on the weekend.


It's, it, I I'm sure it's much, much better as opposed to when we were playing, you know, so I think, oh yeah, I knew, I knew Mahomes was gonna, I knew was gonna play. I I knew it was gonna play just because they had the resources to, to heal the body much quicker as opposed to look at the goddamn method I had to use, you know, for those of you in the chat, they'll know, look at the method I had to use, the home remedy I had to use where I had to, you know, had my teammates helped me along with what the doctors and our, our physical therapist, you know, asked me to do to make sure I didn't miss any games during my tenure while I played. So Kudo, kudos to Mahomes. He's obviously one of the toughest quarterbacks out there.


When I think about a quarterback that has always nicked up and always hurt, but still pulls through and always plays. I think of Steve McNair, I think of Ben Burger. Yeah, those, those dudes always, for some reason they were always banged up but always showed up to the party. But find a way to get out there every time


Apple cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs, bank usa, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but what, what, describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year, there's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays.


Congratulations to Easter Seals, Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up, picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are, spend two hours talking about the games and we will, in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Oh, Joe Mahomes gives his offensive lineman over a hundred thousand dollars in gifts each. I don't know why the first most expensive gift is a Rolex Guide dweller valued at 20,000, a Yeti cooler valued at $425 Lu Casey Boots valued, valued at $900. Of course I said it right. I know what the K boots are. The hell nomadic Elite. There are the boots that you put on in a pressurized boot to help get the swelling out, keep swelling out. That's a thousand dollars. Oakley sunglasses at two thou at $200 for a grand total of $22,525 for five offensive linemen come to a whopping total of 112,624.


That's Life. That's life. I mean That's life. Now. Now I hate to see, I don't know who the least sack quarterback is, but I can imagine when he got his lineman. Yeah. Oh, Brock Purdy got his, got his five offense. Oh, Brock Purdy gave his teammates 10 Toyota Tundra trucks. What? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Hold on. But, but you, you have to understand Brock Purdy probably has an endorsement with Toyota as well. So he that made the transition in getting him those Toyotas, I'm sure he got a pretty good deal on that.


Yes. I'm sure he got a pretty good deal on that. And because of, obviously you just, you just mentioned it the way the officer line has been playing, the way they've been playing, obviously when it comes to Mahome and being sacked and him running for his life, most of the goddamn people, despite being 12 and one or 13 and one, whatever their record may be. Yeah. He's already banged up. You know why he's banged up for a reason. I'm not sure. And I mean, no disrespect, I'm not sure who the left tackle and the right tackles are, but baby, we gotta do something. We, we, we got to do something, especially going into the playoffs. If you're gonna try to compete, especially from an offense standpoint, you can't play the way you've been playing all season long. No. Like I know you have to watch film. I know when you watch film, you got to feel bad about yourself when you see that name in your number and, and, and the things that are happening to your quarterback out there on the field, you got to feel bad.


So I can understand spending a hundred thousand is the reason why you got a hundred thousand of gifts. And the goddamn 49 ERs Officer lineman got Toyota Tundras. I mean no disrespect. I uncle. Yeah. Like, like come on. They, they have to do better. And I'm not one to really, I'm not, I'm not one to really chastise players, but, but I mean, it is abysmal. And we talk about not once, you know, once in a while, it's every goddamn week. Come on baby. Every Game. Yeah. But the quarterbacks normally do things. Josh Allen is the least sack quarterback. I can just imagine what he's gonna get his he already got him some didn't didn't he get him something? I mean, you know, you, they got these, what they call these things.


They drive the, in the countryside. You got as you, what do they call them? Like they looks at the four wheelers, but they got like, Like, oh, the Can-Am Can-Am. Yeah. Is that it with the big tires? They're like, they're like a a a like a off-road vehicle. Yeah. The Can-Am with the big tires. Yeah. Attv. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So that used, that's a very, that was a very, a very popular gift. I don't know if, if somebody got those, but that's normally was a very, very popular gift. Hunting, you know, rifles, hunting, you know, shotguns, rifles. That was a very popular gift Right. When I was, when I was playing. I don't know. They probably don't advertise that because, you know, everybody's like taboo against guns and damn near every American got at least three.


We, we got more guns in America for everybody to hate guns. We got more guns in America than rest of the damn world combined. But listen, everywhere, especially For Civilian, every, everywhere I go, I carry, I carry both of mine. I carry both of mine. You know, so we, we got, we got one on the right, we got one on the left. I don't go nowhere without Yeah. Yeah. I got that. I got another thing. But that's another hero nor there, But no, but it, you know what I, I, I think, you know, for me, I know if I had been a quarterback, you know, I, I would've definitely taken care of. Yeah. But like I said, I did that one gesture where I got stainless steel rolexes for my lineman and I had it engraved. I said, you know, thanks for making this possible, Shannon Sharp.


So I don't know, some of 'em might be in a pawn shop somewhere, I don't know. But hey, lemme take this back. I actually, Gary Zimmerman said, nah, you don't have to do anything for me. He like, sharp. This is, this is my job. I, I expect me, I expect to do my job. I blocked you. Go catch touchdowns. We trick when you put the ball into the end zone, you get first downs. You, you paid off my hard work. But seven also said the same thing. Seven said, nah, you ain't gotta get me anything. T So That's dope. That's lying. But Brock Purdy, he's winning the day right now. Okay. Joe Burrow gifted all of his offensive linemen, Japanese Katan of swords from the 16 hundreds. They're unique. Each sword comes with its own story from certain towns or battle.


He put, he put them all in a room and had them pick theirs out. Orlando Brown said, Joe does a great job at buying gifts that are extremely meaningful. The fact that he bought mill a sword is just the most ancient form of respect. Now. That now that's, now that's dope. Yeah. Now that's dope. You remember ke you saw, you remember Kill Bill, right? Yeah. Yeah. You remember the hanza, Hanzel hanzel, Tori Han, I forgot the name of the sword. I, I forgot the name of the per what, whatever it may be. But that is a gift. Now that's a thoughtful gift. One that you can cherish and that you can put, I don't know where you gonna live at, but can you imagine having a sword, Japanese sword of any kind Now that's called memorabilia. That's probably something that's gonna be worth some eons later on down the line.


Just in case, you know, for, for, for God's sake, you need, you know, little cash or something and you got a God, Japanese Samurai sword happen to be hanging in your basement or something. Ocho Yeah. With the money they making Now, if you need a little something down the road, you need your ass. Whoop. Lemme somebody need to take that sword from you and cut your ass with you. Listen, Unc let's, let's let's understand something, let's understand something. Now you, let's never forget it don't matter how much money they give you, and they willing to give you more because they always know what's coming back to 'em anyway, because despite them giving more money, the lessons and the understanding and the discipline it takes to be financially savvy is still not there. It's still not there. But but go ahead.


Yeah, yeah. You know, I, I tell people this all the time. It's not how much money you make, it's how much you keep. Because you can make it a ton of you. If you make a million dollars and you spend a million dollars, what have you actually accomplished? Well, if you make a million dollars, you only get to spend 500. 'cause Uncle Sam, I'm gonna get his one way or another. Now you can a, you can give it to him voluntarily. Or guess what? He'll take every, all your possession, put your ass in jail and then make it so hard that you're never gonna be able to, to come back up from it. Yeah. So you have to be very, very careful. Just like I said, you make a million dollars say, actually I made 500,000 because you better sit $500,000 aside because Uncle Sam won his money. Yeah. I, I, I think, I think it's, it's something, it's something that I should do.


And it is, it is long overdue. Is is is having something written, maybe something written or maybe an audio, audio book on, on my savviness when it came to spending and how I was able to save for so long. I don't think the people in the chat or just people in general understand what percentage of us as athletes, not just NFL players, not baseball, not for, I mean just everybody NBA, like everyone, like 87 maybe it might be at 90% now they go broke, two years removed from the game that they, that, that they play. Why? Because when it's coming in and now in today's game, 10 years from now, because you think getting so much money or you making so much, you know, you, the money goes across the ES ESPN ticker and everybody think, oh my God, they got go gobs that God damn money 80, 80, 90.


And you, and you look up because of the way you spinning. 'cause you know it's coming in. Oh, when it's coming in, boy you're feeling good. Oh you feeling, you feeling good man, listen, God forbid something happened, you get hurt. You look up, you at the end of your career and you where you gonna be like, well god damn, where all that money go? That shit go fast, man. Especially it does, especially those that like to stunt having multiple cars, you got houses every goddamn where, you know, you bang, Multiple everything. Multiple everything. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, on that shit go fast. People don't understand how fast it go because so, So much coming in, it's just like, it's just like, it's just like if when you, when you are an athlete and you are working out for your sport, yeah, you can pretty much eat whatever.


But what happens when you don't play that sport and you don't work out and you still eat whatever you gain. Well, it's like this pile of money when you work it out the pile, when you playing and you got the money coming in, the pile stays this high. But what happens when you stop and you still spending like the money's coming in And then you know, you know the, you know, you know what the crazy part is? A when the money's coming in, you get, you get lost in being able, in maintaining that image of looking like an athlete, of looking like you got money always. Yes. You are constantly, always trying to stay within that realm of looking the part.


Yes. The problem is when that money start rolling in like that, the way it was when you was playing, you still trying to keep up that same image. Yes. And then that's the problem where everybody goes south because you don't wanna look like, oh, I fell off. Oh. Oh, you ain't got it no more. Man. It's impossible. There's no job out here in this world at all where you can make, I'm just gonna throw a number out there where you can make $650,000 a week. Ain't nothing. Nothing. Yeah. There's nothing you could do. And when, when the, when the money start rolling like that, you gotta set yourself up for at least practice it while you're playing. Like that discipline for me is because I practiced it while I was playing it and it became so easy to trans transition after football.


Well hell, my cheap ass was already living cheap when I was playing. So once I stopped playing, it was easy to keep on doing it. Still to this, still to this day, you know, I mean, every blue moon there will be signs, you know, every so often if you pay attention there'll be signs. Yeah. Yeah. There I still got it, but I ain't gotta do it man, because it was never a part of my image. When people make it a part of their identity and their image, Hey man, boy shit get rough when you start playing bro. Oh Joe, the big news of the week came out of the falcon, they announced rookie Michael Pennix Jr. Will take over the starting quarterbacking job from Kirk Cousins. The number eight pick in the NFL draft. Pennix will make his debut as the NFL starter Sunday against the Giants in Atlanta.


Raheem Moore said there was a football decision and we're fully focused on preparing the team for Sunday night game against the Giants. Pennix Jr. Reveal he found out when he was getting Falcons, that he was getting the Falcons starting gig while shopping at Costco for hotdog. Hmm. Do you like the move Ocho? I I love it. I love it. Huh? Even with them still having an opportunity, I think they think they need to make a change. They need to make a change. Get that offensive spark, give that team a spark. I think it, it was smart by the coach. Make the decision. I'm excited to see what Pit can do. Obviously being somewhat of a dual threat quarterback as opposed to Kirk Cousins who was somewhat stationary and he has to play better. He knows he has to play better. The the last, what, four last two or three games.


You, you can't, you can't play that kind of football. You just can't, you can't turn the ball over like that and put your team in harm's way and expect yourself to compete, let alone even have a chance at winning the game, playing the quarterback position. That goddamn bad. Like that was bad. That was very bad. I thought, I thought that he would like keep the job ocho for the simple fact there's still a game behind. Yeah, but they're like, look, the Giants coming in. It's either, it's, it's just as good a time as any Right. Make That change. But think about it, Kirk Cousins's gonna make $62 million this year. He's got another 32 million, 38 million coming in next year. Yeah. That's guaranteed. Yeah.


Either way. And I they well, yeah, they gonna bring it back. They gonna bring it back. But can you imagine sitting on the bench next year behind Penning Jr. Making Oh, They, no, no. You can't have, you can't have no, you can't have no guy making 38 million on the bank. Well, where The hell they gonna be at? They whatcha gonna think Try To trade. They they can't, they can't, they can't cut him. You gotta, you gotta try to trade him and you might have to take some of that salary on, but you can't have him there. Yeah, Okay. They'll have to pay most of his salary like the Broncos are doing with Russell Wilson in, huh? Yeah. I mean, I mean where, where else do you see him fit then where else do you see where a quarterback is, is in they're in need in dire need of a quarterback, especially with quarterbacks coming out to grab this Field.


The Giants, the Raiders, the Giants, the Raiders, the two. Now they're probably gonna be in the market to select one, but what's to stop them from, from the Giants and the Raiders? From doing what? The bronc what? Oh, allow repeat, bring his draft the quarterback and just make, Okay. Okay. Leveland that mean they would bring, they, that means they would be bringing Kurt in on a one year deal, if anything. Well, if you trade for 'em, you gotta remaining deal. I mean it was a four year deal, like a hundred and something million. Like $180 million for it was 45 million a year. Yeah. Now the question is Ocho I mean Cleveland needs a quarterback. I'm trying to think who else needs a quarterback? Alc South lc.


West lc East. Oh wait, wait a minute. Whoa. Wait, wait a minute. Wait. You talking about Cleveland needs a quarterback when Deshaun Watson comes back and he's, and he from his injury, he will be the starter next year. Ocho, I, You know how much dead cap money that you know that is guaranteed He eat it if he ain't producing this dead cap money. Let's be real. We have real conversation. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If he's gonna only gonna give them the production that he's given them since he's been there. Right. I got you. I got you. I'm listen, I'm I'm with you when you're right, I'm With you. Where's the value in that? Right. Look, I just, I I'm, I I'm, I'm gonna say I'm surprised but it, it just goes to show you that they're this close and they'll game back.


And if they beat Tampa, they, they, if they beat Tampa, let's just say they beat Tampa. They sweep Tampa. They got the same record. That means they win the division. Yeah. For them to be this close and they make this move. It lets you know just how bad cousins were playing. Yeah. I mean, shit. Hell, huh. Goddamn Ray Charles could see how bad Kirk Cousins is playing. You can't turn the ball over like that and expect to win and compete. It. It's, I And the Titans need a quarterback too. Ocho huh? The Titans. Oh man. Hey, hey. I Just, I feel sorry for Will Levis. Why I feel sorry for the Titans fans. Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm serious because when you, when you look at, when you look at Young Bull man and you, you look at his, his makeup, you look at his DNA, his, his stature and, and when the, the eye test in general, you know, the arm strength and what he's able to do, you know, being able to run the ball as well.


He looks like a Josh Allen. He doesn't play like one he has. Yeah, he looked like Josh Allen. He played like Woody Allen. Man. Oh boy. Good and terrible. Nah, he gone that me look, I mean four pick sixes is the abundance of turnovers, the frequency in which he turns the ball over. Nah bro, you can't, it's over him in Tennessee.


Hell no. Who he play like Would he, Steve, whoever, whatever Allen you wanna take. What's the, what was the one that had the TV show? Tim Allen. Hey Tim. Home Improvement. Oh hell nah. Teddy Bear said I got on my pajamas. I'm ready to go night, night, daddy. Oh man. Okay. You, you got me crying on that one. That was a good one. That was a good one. Damn. Oh hell nah. Oh, you, I'm taking the, you you, you've been in favor of this move because you all, you were, you were, you were saying like, Hey, might as well go to Pennix Jr.


Hell, you said that after the first Oh yeah, yeah. The first two bad games. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Yeah, most definitely. And I knew, I knew they weren't gonna make move or they weren't gonna be make a move fast because of money always coming into play. I as, as, as a, as a, as a fan of the game and, and a casual fan and enjoying the game of football. I understand when it comes to business, the one making the money stays on the field. But when you're playing, when you're playing as bad as Kirk Cousins was playing, you give the team owners management head coach no choice. You gave him no choice. You they, their hands behind their back, their back is against the wall. They had no choice but to make a change at this point.


You're right. Oh, Joe Michael Parson says he's open to taking a little less than market value. If that means the cowboy can become a title contender. Michael made it clear on Thursday that he's not looking for a contract squabble and expects something to be done in time for training camp. I definitely think I need to be here for training camp because honestly when so much of the defense surrounded by your play and your presence and the others are getting lined up based off you, I need to be here. So that's that way I can get these guys accordingly. We can rush together, build chemistry. It would just be nice to be surrounded by good players. You know what I mean? Players that are going to help you win championships. To me having $40 million and being chip every player slid two with three or four people.


I don't think that sounds fun to me. So he doesn't need 40 million. No, I don't need 40. How about 38? I need to be somewhere where I can have a lake house. I can go anywhere. I could be a lake house in Tahoe. You, you know, you don't know. Mike also said that his podcast early this week that we're gonna figure out a way for me to be a cowboy for life. Yeah. You know, I like it. I like Michael said, said all the right things. Yeah. It it sounds good. It sounds good. Yeah. I like, I like, you know what, I like the, I like the seed he planted though. I like the seed that he planted and this is a good one. 'cause every time it's time for a cowboy player, a superstar player for the Cowboys to get to get paid. You know, one thing they always miss, they always miss training camp.


They always miss training camp because for some reason Jerry decides to wait until this not not to. No, they don't miss training camp. Wait, they no is a training or mini camp? Mini camp. Oh Yeah. Always. But what you call cd Miss training Camp cd Zach was there. Okay. But CD was Miss CD Was Miss, miss C and Ezekiel. Elliot Miss. Right. Oh, he was a little late something. Yeah. Zeke. Yeah. Zeke missed some too. Wait, So I, I like that. I like that. Remember Zeke was in Cabo. Yeah, I like that Micah planted that seed. Put it out there. Now letting Jerry put the pressure in the onus on Jerry to get the deal done. There's no need to play around the market is is already set. You know what he's gonna get? Micah says he don't want 40 million. Well you better get your money.


Yeah, yeah. Don't, don't get no, don't get no discount. That's what that Well You better get, you better get your money. Don't give no discount, don't do that. But if you notice Ocho, that's the difference between MLB and the NFL. If you notice they always take the most money. Yeah. If that means even going to a losing team team because we got to keep driving the prices higher. And so that's why people say, well man, I don't understand why Soto DJ to stay with the Yankees for seven 60 and he went to the mess for 7 65 because that drives the value up. And you see everybody else, that's what they do. That's why very few teams now I get what's his name, judge.


Yeah. Now Judge had more money on the table from the 49. Yeah. 49 ERs the Giants, which is about 40, which is about, he probably had about 30 million million. But he looked at it and says, what I can make in endorsements, being in New York Yeah. And being a Yankees captain would mean more to me than going, than going to the Giants. Right. That's What I'm saying. But for the most part, they don't do that. Arod wanted to take, wanted to take money off his, off his contract to go play with Boston and the players associate said, oh no, hell you not, you gonna get every dime because we're not about to set that pre Right now what has happened, Tom Brady is because of this, because everybody else, after Tom started taking less money, what did they do?


If you wanna win, you do it like Tom. Yeah. And see even Tom, it came back to be bit bite Tom in the butt. Yeah. Because when Tom wanted his money for the Patriot, what did they do? OCHO opened the door for. Yeah. Yeah. And see it is, it is different. People aren't in fortunate situations. Like Tom was obviously not to be married or dating a wife that makes 10, 10 times more than you do. Yeah. Yeah. She had more money. She's probably worth more money than Tom. She was making $30 million a year when Tom was making 10 years. Hold On, hold on. She's making about by about 38 By 32. Yeah. She, I'm, he was the highest with Tom was making, Was the highest paid supermodel for a very, very, very, very long Time. Yes. Absolutely. Yeah.


And so what happens is, is that he does that and that everybody else expects you. And not only does he suppress his team's market, because if you go talk to the guys, they say, well we can't pay you more than what we're paying Tom. Right. Clearly your position isn't better, isn't more valuable than Tom will Tom take this? This is what you take. Or you gotta we go, you go elsewhere. Nah. So now everybody, Rhonda Lee, you see what Brady did You see what Brady? Yeah. Yeah. But I also see not what you doing because y'all not running the organization like they running the organization. Right. So no, I'm not doing that because my situation isn't Tom. Because see to at quarterback you could play a lot longer than any other position.


Yes sir. So while Tom might not have made the money in the beginning or during the, but when you play 23 years and you get a, a continuous stream of income, that's different than playing say 10 years. Right. And getting your money tenure years. Tom got his money over a long period of time. You see Tom now, now what's the likelihood of you going to get the job that's gonna pay you $37 million a year once you, Once you're done playing. Shh. What's the likelihood of you having these big endorsements with Hertz and Delta and things like that when you are done, It's different. Guys. Gotta think about stuff like that. Right? Bear, how much money do you think you worth?


I just want a few treats. Hold On. Lemme turn this AC off man. It's cold as hell in here When Hey all I need you to do, make enough money to get, get old teddy breasts from treats me and Titus get treats. We good daddy? Oh, the latest evidence of dysfunction with the jet, the New York Jets organization comes from the athletic on a Woody Johnson reportedly Ns to trade with the Broncos for Jerry Jeudy because Johnson believed Judy's Mading rating was too low per the report. That wasn't the only time Johnson cited matting rating ratings in connection with football decision. He reportedly pushed back on citing guard John Simpson because of his awareness rating on the Mading was too low.


Madden Factor apparently comes from Woody's teenage son, Brick and Jack an unknown unnamed Jess executive Joe Douglas allegedly we're discussing things. You hear Woody cites something Brick or Jack Red online that's being weighed equally against whatever opinion someone else has in the department. Yeah. Huh? Yeah. I'm I, Hey listen, I'm not, I'm not trying, I'm not trying to flex. I'm not trying to flex, but I, I need you to understand, I need the people in the chat to understand like, this is not a bad thing for Jerry Jeudy. This was the good thing. This was the good thing. I saved my brother Jerry Judy's career.


Jerry Jeudy is one of the best, best, best receivers in today's game. He's fifth right now in receiving yards. Can you imagine if he went to that abysmal organization right now? The Jets. So I think people need, especially Jerry, I think you need to see the good side on, on why I kept your rating as low as I did because the owners respect the decision making that I am, that I'm making. No, he did. Oh wait. Who? No, Woody Johnson does. Yeah. Yeah. All owners ain't looking at no mad rating. Yeah. I I know I, I know what you're saying, but I listen, I'm, I'm in those rooms. They, they talk to me, they ask me some of these questions, you know, and they base it their understanding that the rating is based on what you're doing in real life.


Huh? Stay with me now. It is based on what you're doing in real life. So they take that into account and the fact that I am the mattings rating adjuster and one whose credit credibility is of a high standard and who follow that. And I, I'm, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm happy to be at a position to do so and, and, and, and help careers. And and that's what I've done for Jerry Jeudy. Congratulations on a hell of a season so far. Let's finish these last three games off strong and next year's rating will start out at a 95. Hell no. How you gonna go from 80 mid eighties to a 95? He, He, he be from the crib.


He from the crib. And I can go, I can go in internally and change it on my own. That's me. Yeah. But he has had an unbelievable season. Absolutely. He should make the Pro Bowl. Yeah. So being mad at my rate ratings adjuster actually hold substantial weight against amongst owners. That's what OCHO said. Jeudy said, I blame Ocho. It's a good thing. Look how you shining now. So you going to improve my ratings nine five next season. Just finish the next three games off. Strong twin. That's It.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check, I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in, everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but what, what, describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business, and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


Congratulations to CBS Sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. In a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom built T-Mobile private 5G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra-low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking,


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Ocho, check this out. Yes sir. Another stunning nugget from the athletic art article revealed that Woody Johnson and his wife and his sons have criticized players inside the locker room. Per the report quarterback Mike White entered the locker room after late season loss to Seattle. He threw his helmet on the floor before heading to the shower. J Jets players reportedly heard what he say, you should throw your helmet, you effing suck. The jets threw spokesman, confirm what happened at the hold on. And that Johnson apologized to white. So he did say it. Hey, but listen. Huh? This is, this is, you know, stuff like this. This starts off when we are kids we're, when we're kids, our parents teach us not to lie.


Yeah. Our parents teach us to tell the truth, then they turn around and tell us Santa Claus and the god damn tooth very is real. You see how we contradict ourselves when, when it comes to growing up, I think we need to live in a world where we all are just honest with each other. When you go to work, your boss should be able to tell you that you absolutely suck at your job. Your boss should be able to tell you, Woody Johnson, I should be able to tell him He suck at his too. Exactly. Exactly. And I Think, but I won't have a job and he'll still have his Yeah, You you, you know what, you, you right about that now that that's it. That's the problem. I think I'm gonna keep my job, I'm gonna keep my opinions to myself. Right. Right. But I, I just, I just think especially in the, in a world when it comes to our respective crafts and what we do, even if it's our childhood dream and we happen to make it, sometimes we need to be told that we're really not good at what it is that we're doing and that we need to be better.


Now we're in this era now where everybody gets participation trophies sometimes, you know what, you know why you didn't win because you just absolutely suck and you should try to do something else that you're good at. Or maybe find whatever your niche may be because this ain't it. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta be, I mean, like, like I said, you gotta be careful. 'cause I don't know, there are a lot, I mean, Mike White handled a lot of ways. 'cause normally, I mean, you catch the right person on the wrong day and they gonna say, oh, you suck. Yeah. Why you think your organization hadn't won any games? Because you've been the head of it. Think about it. Yeah. I can't. I can't Because here's the thing, Ocho, he could have lied. The man actually apologized. He actually said it.


And people, y'all quick to say y'all. Oh, they making that up. I keep telling y'all, y'all are not paying attention when stuff like this gets reported. Someone is leaking it. That was very close to the situation because for this, I mean, the only difference between truth and fiction is that fiction has to make sense. If somebody would've told you in a vacuum, man, Woody Johnson taking, he taking instructions. I mean, he basing a lot of stuff off what his teenage son say. No way in hell. You believe a Amanda has a $5 billion organization, a business, and he's taken advice from teenagers.


You would not have believed it if somebody would've told you the CEO of a corporation Said, somebody said, and and the person that he's talking about actually heard it, said, you effing suck at your job. You would have believed it. Believed it. The man had to apologize. Yeah. Well actually when I, 'cause he Said it. Yeah. Well, actually, when I think about it, unc, if you think about it, I think people in the chat can probably agree with me. When you think of someone that has that kind of money, who thinks with a, with who thinks somewhat at times when a at a egotistical level, I can actually picture them saying it. Oh yeah, for sure. Imagine some of the things they say behind closed doors. I don't gotta imagine because I know.


Oh yeah. Because hell, I've heard some of the things they said in Frank Open door. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I I I can, I can just, that's How they think. Yeah, Absolutely. And so don't fool yourself. You understand it and you keep it moving. Yeah. So I, it doesn't surprise me just the fact that it's, it, it would be cool for a change to have owners, coaches tell the truth for a change. Just tell them like, kid, this ain't for you. It's not. And that's okay. You should try something else. Maybe a trade, a hobby. 'cause football ain't the answer. Wow. The athletic report didn't stop there.


It was relayed an interaction featuring Aaron Rogers and Johnson Son Brick following a victory over the Texans on Halloween. And the first win for Jeff Ulrich after Jeffs fired, Robert Sala and Rogers had a game ball in hand ready to give it to the interim coach. The athletic article said, but before Rogers could speak, Bri Johnson took another ball and awarded it to Garrett Wilson in a profane laced exclamation with the owner's son later posted on Instagram, Woody then gave Ulrich the game ball Rogers had been holding multiple players said the energy felt drained out of the room. One player called it the most awkward, cringe-worthy b brutal experience.


Wait, hold on. I'm, I'm trying to stay with you, but you lost me for a little bit. Aaron Rogers was holding the ball and they, they get Aaron Rogers had the game ball. Right. He wanted to give the game ball to Uber it because it was his first win. Oh, okay. Before he could do it, the teenage son took a ball and gave it to Garrett Wilson in a profane lace tirade. Okay. Okay. Oh, that boy was in that cursing. Huh? You see what I'm talking about? Yeah. Now you see how awkward this is. Yeah. Now imagine you the Cowboys coach, and every time you try to talk Jerry y in his mouth before you get to speak. Oh yeah. Now you see what I'm talking about. Yes. Yeah. And Yeah, this is dis dysfunctional all and they starts at the top.


Look at the hunts. Look at the Rooney, look at the teams that are consistently winning and look at the team that have been consistently bad for years. I mean, the last, the last competent quarterback you've had, what? Maybe Joe Namath, no disrespect to Sam Donald, no disrespect to the quarterbacks that have been there before. Zach Wilson's, you know, it, it wasn't y'all problem, it wasn't your issue. Now you have one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time, and Aaron Rogers as far as his accolades and his, his resume is concerned, but it's still dysfunctional. You know why? 'cause it starts at the motherfucking top. It don't matter what you bring in. Huh? It don't matter about you. It don't matter if you change the goddamn paint job and put some goddamn new rims on the car if the motherfucking engine is bad.


Oh yeah. This is, look, you could say what, you could say a lot of things, but you know who's pulling all the strings at the Cowboys? Oh yeah. It's Jerry. Now Jerry might be getting his information from very quality people to try to make people think that, you know, Hey, hey, I know what I'm doing. But Jerry's getting his information from, what's the guy's name? He got a Yeah. Prayer per what's his name? I forget his name. But anyway, that's what Jerry's getting his information. Yeah. Basically two teenage kids are running the Jets and Woody is disregarding basically what his player personnel department, what His scouting department, what his general manager, he's forgoing that to take advice from his kids.


Yeah. Listen, it, it, he, he might be prepping or getting them ready for to take over. You know? It is, it's, it's just Will mcc, that's his name, will Cle. That's, that's the guy that Jerry gets the information from and try to make people think that he knows, he knows what he's talking about. But man, this is, and a player said it's the most awkward, cringe worthy, brutal experience. I could, I couldn't have imagined because when I was, when I was with the Broncos, Mr. Bo, Mr. Bowling had had kids and you know, I could imagine, you know, man, I could just imagine Mike getting ready to speak and one of them kids say something.


I mean, to be honest, Mr. Bowling didn't speak. Right. Mr. Bowling spoke. After Mike spoke, I remember we won the Super Bowl and Art was in the room and Brian, Brian turned the floor over to him. He says, I know there's a guy in here that's very happy. I'm paraphrasing 'cause it's been 20 plus years. Or Joe. Yeah. And he turned it over to Art. And I just remember art crying and he says, I'll never forget any of you guys in here. He said, you did me proud today. I'm proud today. But I can just imagine Mike getting ready to speak and someone interrupted and says, I got this. Or I'm What?


What? Oh, hell no. But in an organization that if you're gonna be successful, you gotta have one voice. Yeah. One sound. Yeah. In order for it to work, In order for it to function properly, the body function, the hearts has a specific task. The lungs have a specific task. The spleen, the colon, the intestines, everything, kidneys, bladder, everything has a specific task. It's only when one tries to overcompensate the other that the body gets outta line and things starts to happen.


Boy, just woo, they got Garrett Wilson was asked today if he wants to be, wants to be with the team long term, I don't know. Yes. For a SPN reports, the so wouldn't be surprised if Wilson asked for a trade in the off season. Garrett has not hidden his frustration with the season, including Sunday went over the Jags when he ran into receivers Coach Sean Jefferson following a stall Red Zone Drive in the third quarter. I Saw that. Yeah. I saw that. I forgot, I forgot what it was. I forgot. I forgot the, I forgot the play. But I saw the exchange on the sideline. He was, he was frustrated. He was frustrated.


I listen, I alpha receivers like that, you know, especially when you have one player going off and he, he's, he's, he's putting up the yards and putting up the numbers and you don't feel you're getting the opportunities you deserve. And when the opportunity does present itself, the ball doesn't come. And you know, you open, it gets frustrating. Listen, we just saw the same, for sure. We saw the same thing with AJ Brown a week before last. It just receivers that are really good, want to feel like they're a part and can contribute to those said wins. You know, when you, when you're not a part of it, you know, it kind of hurts. But here's the thing. Rogers and Adams have played together for a number of years.


Yeah. Gary Wilson is probably thinking, bro, we could have built some chemistry, but you had your ass here. That's a good one. When we were supposed to be building chemistry, you were at the pyramids or you were in Egypt and you, you wrote this off as being unimportant. That's a good one. That's how you build chemistry by working at it. Especially when we don't have chemistry. When we haven't worked together. I mean, think about it. Garrett Wilson was offensive rookie of the year, and he hasn't looked like that since hiss rookie season. And look at the guys that were throwing to it. Yeah. Now, I don't know about what you, if you don't know this Ocho, but in order for the Jets to have a, have the same record as they had last year with Zach Wilson and a bunch of guys, they're gonna have to win out.


Yeah. Yep. Told you, I told, I told y'all everybody made fun of me. You know, talking about Zach Wilson was a problem. I told you it wasn't z it wasn't nothing wrong with Zack. Zach was more than capable, you know. But you, you listen, you, you give somebody some shoes with no shoe laces. I mean, at some point them, they gonna slip off your feet. Yeah. Jake, I, I love how you say Garrett is over. Garrett is over. Gary Wilson is overrated. So offensive rookie of the year is overrated. Got in the chat. I'm looking at you. I'm just trying to figure out Wilson, if he overrated how the man went off his rookie of the year. Well, Garrett, what overrated. Look at the quarterback that he had thrown to him when he won the award.


Clearly Aaron Rogers resume is more extensive than all those guys. I'm confused, but it gets frustrating. It gets frustrating. And it seems like if you look at that last, if you look at that last drive Yeah. He wasn't looking for nobody. But Devonte and I understand it because I got a connection with him. Yeah. Devonte knows in this situation what I'm gonna do, back, shoulder fade. I'm gonna lead you on this one. I'm gonna do this on that one. Yeah. And then the the funny thing about it, you really can't say nothing about it because not only did he go to 'em, they were completing everything. It Yes. Was completing everything. I mean, what, what, what did Devar had nine for 9, 1 98. Nine for 1 98 with two tds and had zero yards, zero catches in the first half.


Zero. Crazy work. My boys went to work. Boy They did. Reporter asked Kendrick born for his wife's number. So my wife is actually my stylist reporter. Can I get a number? Hold on what you mean, bro? Hold on. What is he asking? Whatcha a whatcha asking? No, a card. I need, you know, I need help dressing. Oh, I think her name is Vanessa born. Vanessa born. Look it up. You like, bro. I don't know what you was asking, bro. You about to get lumped up in here. Gotta Be careful. Gotta be careful. I mean, I, I knew what he was saying, but Kendrick was talking and all he heard, Hey, can I get a number?


Yeah. What? I said, nah, nah, nah. I need, I need, I need, I need some, Some styling. I need some help dressing. Hold on George. Let's see. Tyreek Hill's social media post wins to begin a huge debate on what he meant. It's time for me to go coach Tyreek woke without punctuation. Dolphins fans panic, wondering if he was telling Mike McDaniel if it's time to leave Miami. Well, Tyreek said today what I meant was when it say it's time for me to go coach, meaning that he wants to see you guys. Teddy Bridgewater, meaning what?


When we see guys like Teddy Bridgewater, you see guys like Michael Big getting head coaching jaw. It's like, bro, I want to be a coach also when I'm done playing. You know what I'm saying? So that's all I mean By that. Oh, it's time for me to go coach. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I get it. I get it. I get it. I get it. Yeah, I get it. That, that Rick, everybody ain't, ain't cut out to be coaches, bro. Yeah. Hey, listen, I I, I love, I love Vic, I love Prime Eddie George, I love them boys. But to play a game all my life, all my life and understand what it took to get, to get to where I did and then retire and then go right back into that.


You have to have a love and passion. Oh Yeah. For the game. Yeah. And coaching and patience and under and understanding that no matter the amount of hours you put in, sometimes it's just not enough and you don't get the results based on the work you put in. Right. I, I can't, I can't. I I couldn't, I couldn't do it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I can see how people were thinking like, it's time, man, it's time for me to go coach. Yeah. And so he was saying, it's time for me to go coach in the literal sense. I need to go to go coach. I need to be a coach. I see Vic, I see Prime, I see others doing it.


Right. I wanna do that. Also, people, you know, look, Tyreek has not had the season that he had hoped for. Tour being out had a great, had impact on that. He's probably not gonna make, he's not gonna make the Pro Bowl. I don't think he Well, how close is it to a thousand yards? I mean, it's gonna be a long time. I mean, he's gonna have to have go off. I mean, does he have six 700? Does he have 700 yards receiving? Who? Re I think he only has like one, maybe one or maybe one or 200 receiving yard games this year. He has 8 0 5 5 touchdown. You So he's going need, he needs, he needs 1 9 5 over the last three games, Joe. Yeah.


He, he, he, it's possible. Yeah. He'll get that. He'll get that. And but the two him miss what, four, five games, huh? Yeah. Yeah. He'll get that. But the, but the thing is Ocho I Mean, when you look at pro bowlers, right? I mean the only two I can think of in the a FC off the top of my head is Chase and Jeudy. Yeah. Yeah. I Mean, when you, when you, when you, When you, there's a third though, right? There's a third. Well, you take four. Okay. But I'm trying to think. I mean, I mean when we look at the A FC, we take what's Nico College? How many yards did Nico College has? I think he missed some games. Yeah, He, he had a hamstring. I think he missed about three or four. If you go a c if you go, he got 8 49.


I say, so Nico Collins, because how many touchdown do he have? Six. Okay. All, all them, all them gonna get, they they gonna read it. Reach a thousand all Chase Nico won. But the Provo vote, I mean the pro about to be announced what next week? And Andre, Rick still, well, you know, at some point he used based on name alone. He might still get that nod. Yeah, he might might. What about Za Flowers? How's he doing? What's his numbers? They Don't, they don't throw the ball enough in Baltimore though. Huh? Nine Za Flowers has nine 16.


For real? Yeah. He got a quiet nine 16 too, huh? God damn. He had some, he had some, he had some big, he had some big, he had some big, big games. Yeah. He could imagine. What if they dropped back and threw that thing all the time? Yeah. So it's gonna be interesting. Yeah. Re wants to coach. He's not looking to have a new coach. The


Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events looking nice. Abercrombie's latest job of party looks is taking me through the season for dinner with the fam drinks with the guys and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm mainly a jeans and t-shirt guy, but Abercrombie has to dress your fits that keep me comfortable. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.