
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report,


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy Healthcare just got less painful.


What's your favorite peanut butter chocolate treat? Easy call, right? Well, it might be more of a dilemma after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup. It's a delicious twist on that favorite treat. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter, and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Shop Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup now at a store near you found. Wherever candy is sold.


The Volume NFL playoffs we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six, go to draft King Sports book app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers To get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draftking Sports Book The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or In in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm also a row sponsor. Row Sparks are amazing for guys who wanna boost in the bedroom because they work fast and last long. Listen, we're about to get a little explicit. So you heard it from me. Maybe you heard too much from me how much I love Row Sparks, but I'm not the only one. These reviews are for grown folks. Only one person said while my wife and I went on vacation for five days. I used Roast Sparks a couple times and we had fun nine times Fun in that week alone. Okay, cut. How's I talking about that? What I'm talking about right there. That's him. Another customer said, boom, I'm Superman. I carry roast sparks in my pocket at all times. Full stop. And lastly, someone says, I'm not bragging, but my wife actually tapped out for the First time in year. Cause you the UFC made a give it up if prescribed. You get $15 off your first order of medication to get hard. Connect with a provider, 100% online. RO do co slash Nightcap to find out if row sparks are right for you. That's roro Co. Co slash Nightcap.


Life doesn't happen by weekly. So why should payday? The money you earn can be in your hands today with Earning. Earning is an app that gives you access to your pay as you work up to $150 per day with a max of $750 between paydays. Just download the earning app, verify your paycheck, then access up to $150 a day as you work and leave an optional tip. Any money you access plus tips are automatically repaid from your next paycheck. You know how I spend that money a special night out for two, A very special night out. Make earning a part of your financial routine. Join the earning over 4 million customers who say things like, when I think about earning, I think about financial stability, security. It gives me peace of mind. Download earning today spelled E-A-R-N-I-N in the Google Play or Apple App Store. When you download the earning app type in Nightcap under podcast when you sign up, it will really help the show. Nightcap under podcast Earning is a financial technology company, not a bank. Cash outs are based on available earnings. Standard cash outs takes one to two business days with no mandatory fees option to expedite your transfer for fee. Tips are voluntary and do not affect the service. See cash out under user agreement for detail services not available in all states.


Wow. Wow. Wow. The winner of tomorrow's game in the NFC Ocho. Yeah. We'll host the NFC Championship game. That's right ladies and gentlemen. Thanks to what the commanders did on the road to the Detroit Lions, the winner of the Eagles and the Rams game will host the NFC Championship game. The Washington Commanders use a red hot second quarter in which they scored 28 points. A red hot fourth quarter in which they scored 14 points, 42 points in two quarters. And they pull away from the Detroit Lion, the number one seed by the score of 45 to 31. Thank you guys again, again for joining us for another episode of Nightcap.


We're gonna get right into it. I'm your favorite. Shannon Sharp. He is the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of V All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Guys, we at 20,000 waiting for us in the chat that shows that you love us, you appreciate us, and thank you, thank you. And it also showed that you support us. We couldn't do this without you. So again, thank you. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. Celebrate. Hey Commander fans. Y'all need to load up on this Shaa by La Porter.


Y'all got a lot to celebrate. All I ask you to do is please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of his platform. She Shea Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. We got the UNC and Ocho T-shirts in stock. Our newest release just dropped last month. New t-shirts, sweats, beanies, coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you order yours while supplies last tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour. Stop. They're on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. The me I, the VIP meet and greet. Tickets are officially sold out, but there are still many other tickets left that you can attend the show.


But the meet and greet tickets are sold out February the sixth at the Mahalia Jackson Theater in New Orleans. Be there. You don't wanna miss it. Both Nightcap and Club Sha show were both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap was nominated outstanding podcasts, arts, sports and Entertainment Club. Shesha was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for your guys. The link is, is pending. Our social bios Ocho, we talked about it. The commander stunned the Lions 45 31 to advance to the NFC championship game. It's their first advancement since 1992.


Jay Daniels threw for 299 yards, two touchdowns. Jerry Gro had a brutal day. And this what concerned me, Ocho. Yeah. When your defense is a little sus with all those injuries, the last thing you can do is turn the ball over. Exactly. And you definitely can't turn it over four times. You play double. You gave a pick six up. Yeah. You took points off the port board with Jameson Williams. You gave him a short field to get another touchdown. And at the end that that little interception didn't matter. But you still have four turnovers. Detroit defense had no answer for Washington's offense. They racked up almost 500 yards of total offense. Only had to punt the ball once. The commanders will face the winner of the Eagles in the Rams game.


The Lions sin season end with massive disappointment. Hmm. And they expect to have huge turnover. It is reported that both coordinators are probably going to leave. Right. Ben Johnson being rumored to go into the Las Vegas Raiders and Aaron Glen potential, the Jets or the Saints. We'll see how that plays out. Yeah. But Detroit will have to wait another year. Very disappointing. Season 15 wins a lot of Pro Bowl players on that side, on that football team. Ocho. Yeah. But the first Super Bowl appearance for the Detroit Lions will have to wait another year. Yeah. Ocho. Yeah. Hey, lemme tell you something man. Listen, I know the lions lost and obviously golf has to play better with the defense being held together by duct tape.


Basically their third string out there, they have a few play makers. That's pretty much it. Obviously golf has to understand in order for you to even have a chance, a winning chance, you can't turn the ball over. You just can't. You can't. That first half of football I tweeted and I asked, and a lot of people answered, when was the last time you seen a half of football that exciting and that good were teams were scoring back to back almost every, well it seemed like almost every series now. There was, well You saw it, you saw it three weeks ago with Buffalo in Detroit. Yo Yeah. You saw it again with Buffalo in The ram. Right. And I think, I think in 2019, if I'm not mistaken, in 2019, The chiefs in the Rams, the chief Man.


Hey, I wish football was like that every Sunday. Oh, hell no. Every Sunday. But the fact that we were able to get this treat tonight and the upset that the commanders put on the lines was absolutely phenomenal. And I want people to understand how important it is and, and why teams invest in quarterbacks and why they pay quarterbacks the kind of money they pay. 'cause when you get a franchise quarterback like this, it turns your franchise around immediately. Immediately. You have to think, oh, they haven't been in the NFC championship in the past 33 years. Yep. The past 33 years. This is the First time they scored 45 points. 45 points. Which is a, is a, is a franchise record in the playoffs.


Man. Hey, I, I, I, I don't even know what to say. I'm, I'm so goddamn excited, obviously for Jay Daniels, for commanders fans that have waited for this, for who knows how long, who knows how long just to have, just to, to be in contention. Just to be able to compete week to week. And now to be playing an NFC championship at their three third, three year hiatus is awesome, man. It's awesome. Yeah. You pay double for turnovers Ocho But it doesn't matter if the team can't capitalize on the turnovers. And when they turned the ball over Detroit, Washington made them play the ultimate price every time They got points out of Them. Every time. Except that interception at the end of the, the first half Ocho. I don't know. Golf didn't play well today. Yeah. There's no way around it. He didn't play well.


Yeah. He got Jameson Williams. I don't know why he would throw that pole so flat because the guy's in a trail position. He's gonna jet it. If you throw it flat, he's gonna jet it with what we, we call it jet. Yeah. We call it jetting. But what we, what we mean is that he's gonna undercut it. Cut It. Yeah. Every, every time. I he going, You can't throw the ball that flat. You gotta throw why He throw flat? The whole field Ain't put no air up under it. Yes. And then, and then to, to me, honestly, I Cross, I think the ball was late a little bit. It was, I think the ball was a little late. 'cause that's the first thing I, first thing I tweeted, I'm said, man, that ball is late. Yeah. Yeah. All, all right. It was. But when you turn the ball over like that, give j Jay Daniels, man, hey, I don't know this rookie season that he's having.


Look, you know, we go back and talk about rookie season. We saw CJ Stride last year. Unbelievable season last year. He was rookie of the year. Right. We said RG three season. He was rookie of the year. But for him to do what? Because look, we've seen rookie quarterbacks go to the playoff. Yes, sir. If I'm not mistaken, I think Mark Sanchez went to the playoff. Yeah. But that was a defensive led football team and defensive, we saw Joe Flacco go to the playoffs. Right. That was a defensive led led football team. Right. This is an offensive led football team. Their quarterback is asked to do an awful lot. A lot. And he's like, okay, let me do it. Whatever you, whatever you need from me, I can Handle it. But as a rookie on As a rookie, yeah. You not supposed to be this goddamn good this early. Do you see his composure on a zero blitz?


Yes. Reman coming right at him. He's sitting there chilling, just waiting, just waiting. He hit earths twice. Blitz. Yes. What The hell? And I'm, I'm die, die Brown makes a unbelievable catch. Terry McClure to catch it with a bomb. Or did catch it with a, a a, a blitz. It wasn't bl because the safety Yeah. Was in the hole. Yeah. But he takes a terrible angle. Terrible. And, and Mcclar Mcclar hit hit the, hit the hit the hit the jet on him, man. And then he's gone. But Ocho the thing is, and we knew this, first of all, they're a pressure team. Detroit's a pressure team to begin with. Yeah. Oh yeah. We know. Once they got the lead, now you've got to take, you gotta take even more chances.


Yeah. You ain't Got no choice now. Hey guys, let's just catch the ball. They miss a tackle. You can hit your head on the goal post. It's a Wrap. It it's, it's a wrap. But Jerry and, and this, this what really concerned me because Jerry golf can be great where he goes, we've seen him do this. Ocho go 18 to 18 for a game, Weeks at a time. But we've seen him turn the ball, throw five picks against the Houston, Texas. We've seen him and they win the ball game. We've seen him turn the ball over two times, three times in a game and they win the ball game. But you can't turn the ball over against a team that's just this explosive on all stage. On the offensive side of the football. When they got play makers, when you got Ertz, who's a three time pro Bowl player, you got Terry McCluren who's going to another Pro Bowl, who's an outstanding receiver.


And you got guys playing exceptional Brown, making big time plays. Guy running the football, the offensive line. When you have a player like a Jayden Daniels at that position, which is the quarterback position, everybody believes in him. The offensive line blocks a little harder. Guys run a little harder. Guys make tougher and tougher catches for you because they believe so, Hey, I can't let this guy down. I believe in him. The whole team Now the defense like, hey, let's get the ball back. Now all of a sudden it seems like the ball has a magnet in and it's distracted to the oth the other side of the football. I've said this before, you pay double for turnover. Yeah. And when you are, I believe Detroit's is, is was the better team.


But guess what happens with your, when you turn the ball over Yeah. That team that you might be better than and you're up here. You pull 'em up to your level, either Even is everything out, evens everything out. Now They're gonna tear your ass up. Yeah. And and then also what I like also with the running game, because Jayden Daniels is such a threat similar to Lamar Jackson. I'm not saying he's R Jackson. I'm just saying the fact that he had he Not beef, he Yep. We To be able to hold, we hear what you're saying. To be, to be able to hold. When he put that, when he put that ball in Eckel belly or he put that ball in Brian Robinson's belly and he, he make them them in sit for just a little bit. Allow them guards to go up to the second level and get that block, then you getting five, six yards to pop every time.


Okay. In the end, the end, you wanna crash down. You know what, I'm gonna take it and go and go ahead. That's Not your responsibility though. Yeah. That's what I don't get. They got it fourth and two. Yeah. Arnold, that's not your responsibility. Yeah. I You have contained Yeah. Yeah. Your responsibility is contained. If he runs for a touchdown on the opposite side, coach, I don't know what you want Me to do. That ain't, that ain't on you. That's not you. Yeah. That's what, that's why I couldn't coach Ocho. He knows his responsibility. Right, right. Is contained. Right. Why would you take Ocho? I don't give a damn what? Hey, I'm gonna be looking right here at my gap, Lord. What about I don't care. They ain't got nothing to do with me. Right, right, right. This is my responsibility over here.


And when you dealing with a guy like him, or you're dealing with a guy like Lamar. Yeah. One false step. The man, I had a coach Les used to tell us all the time, son, if you hesitate to beat Oh yeah. You take one false step against a Jane Daniel, you take one false step against a guy like Lamar, Jackson. Jackson or or Josh Allen. Yeah. You beat it's over. You're not gonna, you're not going to recover and stop him from getting two yards. Impossible. That's why they want you to hold contained thing. Yeah. Do your responsibility. Yeah. Nothing in the A gap. Nothing in the B gap. Nothing in the backside. A, B or outside is your responsibility. You abandoned your responsibility and you gave up a first down.


Now everybody looking at you And the, the funny thing about it is you got your eyes in the backfield on the fake pitch that's going the opposite way anyway. You wouldn't have, you wouldn't have been able to get there anyway. What you gonna do? What you gonna do to chase him in the end zone and have everybody thinking that that's your guy. That's all you gonna do. Chase him in the end zone. They weren't like, man, Arnold got beat again. Yeah. Ocho, if guys would just do their responsibility, whatever that is. If you got a gap Ocho, if that guy comes in outside, that ain't my responsibility. Right. I got the a gap. Arnold has contained, he must not contain, means nothing gets outside of him.


That's it. Nothing. Hey, Ocho, if I'm, if, if if I'm, if I'm securing at a club, I got the front door, somebody coming back. I don't know what y'all want me to do that my responsibility. Hell, you should have somebody back there. Right? I, I got the front door. Right. That wasn't, they tell Vera why the girls always coming up. Are you in charge of the girls' Vera? Yeah. I'm in charge of the girl quick. So why the money coming up? Why the money coming up short? Vera, you in charge of the girls? Are you? Hold on quick. Are you accusing me of stealing? I'm just saying why everybody always accounted for it. But the money coming up quick with the, with the girls.


Arnold your responsibility, but okay now 'cause dq he says I'm going for the death blow. Yeah. I ain't selling for no field goal. I'm going for the death blow. I got this hammer in my hand. I got the momentum and I'm not going to relinquish it. Yeah. Maybe if you stop 'em on fourth down, who knows. Maybe that takes some of the wind out of the sail. Right? It gives you some momentum. But what do they do? They go in and score a touchdown.


I get it. We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future. With Chime Future. Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members FDIC spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I just wiped this runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


This is Ashley ATI from the Ben and Ashley. I almost Same as podcast. What if I told you that Future Health can help you make weight loss resolutions come true long lasting weight loss results all for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Jerry Goff Picked the worst time to have one of his worst games of his career. First game. Yeah. Yeah. You turn the ball over like that in the post season, you're losing Yeah. Probably 1000, probably 999 times out of a thousand. You are going to lose a game if you give up a pick six. Yeah. You throw a pick in the end zone. No, you fumble. Look, like I said, it was four turnovers. He had three, he had three picks and a fumble. That last one Ocho the game was basically, I mean you already, what you down 14 points. Right. So you're not coming back. You're not coming back anyway, bro. You cannot play that bad in that moment. Right. You are too much of a veteran quarterback to be that reckless with the football.


And then you Oh, Joe. Yes sir. This is why they tell, and I get it. I get Jerry Golf, he's like, this is a big game. This is a vision around the playoff game. Let me chase. But you're not used to chasing, So you don't know where those guys are coming from. Yeah. You see, the thing is, once a, you and I, somebody get a pick the first thing we do. Okay. Where to stay because somebody coming to get you. Oh yeah. Every Time they coming to get you. So I just need, okay, A let me a, let me, because the one time I didn't do that, I got my clock clean. The first thing the the F All I can see is like, yeah. All in. I mean, listen, Carl, rule number one when there's an interception and you on the offensive team, you keep your head on the swivel.


Yes. They coming to pick you off. Hey listen, you pursued, but you keep your head on the swivel 'cause you don't know where it's coming from. They can't block back anymore Ocho No. But if you bringing your ass to the ball, oh yeah. They gonna lock you. And you see what happened. Yeah. The first thing to hit was his back. His head back. His head. He never saw Vu. No, he never saw Lo He never saw him. And he put his helmet right up on his mofo cheating. I'm talking about Right. I'm talking about right to the kisser. And then, and then they said that there should have been a penalty called on that play. But if you have someone trying to make a tackle on the play, why can't you block him? Even though it is a quarterback? He had the chance to stop It. Held it, it was called the helmet. Oh. Because he went, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. I I, I understand. Yeah. And, and you know, it's funny, and, and Jayden Daniels also tonight, again Commanders fan.


If you're Commanders fan, you in the chat. You, you should, you should be happy. You should be happy. And I said it when the game was going on, despite, no matter who wins this game, if you're a Commanders fan and you know you have Jayden Daniels, you should be happy and excited for the next decade because you know what's to come. Yeah. There have been five quarterbacks that have made a conference championship in NFL history in their rookie year. Sean King in 99, Ben Roth Asperger in 2004. Joe f Flaco in 2008. Mark Sanchez obviously that defense led that defensive led Jets Brock Purdy in 2022. And now Jayden Daniels, they, a young bull is special man.


But if you think about it, Ocho, think about the guys you mentioned now that 99 team, that team had John Lynch, woo, RDE Barber, Eric Brooks, Warren Sap, and Derrick Brooks, Eric Brooks and Simeon Rice. Yeah. That's I Ian, you know, I mean Brooks in the Hall of Fame. Yeah. SAP's in the Hall of Fame. Hall of Fame. Lynch is in the Hall of Fame, if I'm not mistaken. I think Rend Barber is in the Hall of Fame. Yeah. So that's four Hall of Famers. Simeon Rice could easily be in the Hall of Fame. He has some issues. People, you know, reporters don't really care about him. But that's, that's a defensive base football team. Yes, sir. Joe Flacco. Do I need to say what they had Suggs Ray Lewis, ed Reed. Yeah. I won't say anymore. Yes sir. Look at Mark Sanchez. Look at what that defensive, that's a Rex Ryan team. That's a defensive base football team.


Brock Purdy's team that was, look, they had outstanding weapons. Yeah. But they played very, very, very good defense. They put so much on Jane d Jane Daniel's plate. Yeah. And he eats it all. Oh yeah. He's better than advertised. I thought he could be good, but there's always a learning curve. Yeah. And look, there's a and and the partner Cesar Ocho, we started, I don't know, Ocho bo Nicks might sneak in there and get some of that, get some of them A rookie of the rookie of the year. Boat oats. Yeah. Hey, look, he took deep breath, Exhale. Hey. And stepped on the gas Fold my beer. And they basically hold my beer And they, and they look back.


Yeah. This kid is sensational. And he has that like Josh Allen is a buildup type of guy. He has that, he has that Lamar Jackson acceleration. Yeah. He step on it right Now. Right now. Listen, he's not as fast, but he's fast enough. Yes. Yes. Fast enough. But you gotta realize he thin too. Yeah. He like, he kinda look like Lamar, when Lamar first got into the league and see Lamar got into the, got into the weight room, started lifting. Yeah. He put a little signs on, put little weight. He went. Yeah. Yeah. But he gonna mature ojo. Yeah. He got a 20 year, he got a 20-year-old body. When he gives 23, 24, 25, he'll add a little 10. He don't need to worry about trying to put on that egg, eating a whole bunch of food and drinking, you know, creatine and eating all that.


He don't need to do that. No. You are gonna naturally gain some, get some of that old man weight as you start to age. Yeah. But there, I don't know what's, they're not to like about this young man. He can throw the ball. He sees the field extremely well. He's el lucid. He has great pro pocket pre presence. Hey. And we know what he is when he gets the ball in his hand. And that's what I'm saying. Think about it. There have been a lot of guys like Lamar Jackson and the Jay Daniels, but guess what, they never got an opportunity to play in the NFL. No. 'cause they got moved position. Remember they wanted Lamar Jackson to move and I sent you a clip. You remember you, the clip I sent you? Oh yeah. Where I said that he shouldn't move, he should've went higher. Oh.


But you know, we, we'll talk about that a later day in time. But this kid right here, Ocho, it's amazing when you put a young man like this, and I call him a kid, so forgive me, I mean he young enough to be my, my, my kid way young than all my kids. But when you take a young man like this Yes sir. And you put him in an environment where he can flourish and you move the bull job around with is Dan Snyder. Mm. That, that, that cesspool, that cesspool of dysfunction. And you put him in Josh Harris group and with Magic Johnson and they still got my guy Doug is still there. Right. And you where got where you can thrive, you can, you ain't gotta try to be a, a rose and grow through the concrete.


You can be in a garden and it's lush and it's plush. Yeah. Hey, It is, it is so funny how everything is going. Right. And it's so hard. It's, it's so hard for organization to have everything go right from top to bottom. Obviously management has changed. Ownership gm, then you have the coaches that have come in. You got cls, you got Cliff Kingsbury who is phenomenal when it comes to coaching quarterbacks, especially dual threat quarterbacks. Like him being have Dan Quinn, He gonna get a job somewhere Ocho Oh yeah, most Definitely. He Gonna get a head job somewhere O Joe. Absolutely. Absolutely. Then you have Dan Quinn with his offensive creativity as well. I'm sure. I'm sure. Defense. He has some defense. You mean defense? Yeah. His defensive creativity as well. And I think that also might save the goddamn commanders as well.


Well they sneak in and surprise people because the way, the way they're playing offensively because of their defensive play, they might sneak in and fool some people now. Well we look, they they beat they beaten the Eagles. Yeah. So they're not, and and they're not gonna be in awe of the Eagles. No. If I beat you once, I can beat you again. Yeah, most definitely. It's hard. And If, it's hard, if, if a division rival Yes sir. We know each other. Y'all know us. We know y'all. We're not fearful of you guys. Just let, I just, I just want you to know. Yeah, we respect you, but we're not afraid of you. But listen, can you imagine, can you imagine that game, Eagles Commanders NFC championship game And obviously we look at the Eagles and what they done, I obviously last week they scored 22, they scored 22 point 23.


If I'm, if I'm not mistaken, I tweeted something. I said playing against the Rams. Even though the Rams had maybe I think the 18th ranked offense during the regular season. I kept telling people this is not about the regular season. I mean it's not about, I'm talking about the postseason. Everything from the regular season. It, it goes out the window. New season has started. I said the ramp to score a wheel, you know, and everyone was focused on, well in the regular season they were wearing 18. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking they Had a lot of injuries. Yeah. Cooper, Cub, Pook, NA, Pook, NACU, bingo. They had some injuries on that side. On the offense side of the football. Higby was dealing with an injury. He came back, I think he came back the last two games of the season. That tight end. Their pass catching tight end. Yeah. So they were dealing with some things Ocho Yeah.


But if you go back and look at them defensively Yeah. You look at verse and you look at Young and you look at Turner. Yeah. They got guys that can get up their quarterback. They got, you know, good guys on the back. I'm not saying they're all world on the back end, but they good enough Guys on the back end decent. They good enough. You know. But I like what DQ did. DQ went and got guys that he's familiar with. Hey B Wags, you know, I coach you with all of all pros. Oh, come on. Yeah. Do Armstrong at Dallas. Yeah. I had you come on Fowler. I had you, if I'm not mistaken, I think he had him in Atlanta also. Had him in Dallas. Hey, come on. Hey, he got those two guys, those two Alabama boys inside Payne and Allen. Yeah. I don't know if Payne was in there that I know I saw Allen, but they got some guys in there.


You know, you draft Lovo, you know, you get Marshawn Latimore, you, you, you've got some guys, you know, they got talent on the different side of the football. Yes sir. They might not have, you know, they ain't got no, Hey, you know, I ain't got no Miles Garrett or anything like that. Right. But they got, you know, they got first round draft pick father was a top, top five, top three, top four pick. Right. But you know what, they don't have any dominant players. You know, like Miles Garret or TJ Watt. Yes. They play, they play together collectively very well. Huh. They play together collectively very well. Everything meshes phenomenally well. That's, I'm, I'm excited, I'm excited to see tomorrow's game. And I, I don't, I don't mean to be going off track and talk about the Eagles and talk about the Eagles in the Rams game.


But the Eagles, if the Rams are able to stop the run, even though the Rams are undersides up front, if they're able to stop the run, it's stacking eight, nine in the box, whatever it may be. Jalen Hurst has to be phenomenal in the pass game. Uncle. Yeah. I'm gonna make Jalen Hurst beat me. He has to be phenomenal in the pass game. And I'm sure that's what they're thinking on that, on that side is we're gonna make Jalen Hurst beat us with his arm. The game that they've won. The game that the ram, I mean the, the game that the Eagles have won, it's when Jalen Hearst has throne for 1 31 41 13, it is been gained where they've dominated on the ground. And I'm sure the Ram know that. So what, what are we gonna do? I'm not gonna let Quan Barkley run for 2 55 again.


How about that? That ain't going to happen. I'm not gonna let him have 302 yards from scrimmage. That ain't going to happen. Yeah. Now, if Jalen Hurst throws the ball for 300 yards, let's just say he has an official day. He throws for two 40. Right. He throws for three to four touchdowns. You walk to the middle of the field, say congratulations, hell of a job. Good luck next week. Right. But I tell you what I'm not going do. Damn. Say Quo, you got us again, boy, you hell man. Hey, he, you should be, that ain't gonna happen. Right. That's not, I I, my defense ain't gonna be saying that. Right. That's not gonna happen. I'm gonna, I'm going to make someone Now it's different because when you like, okay, I'm not gonna let Lamar beat me. Well you got Derrick Henry. I still believe I would force Lamar to throw the ball from the pocket because I I, I let him get outside Ocho I'm at his mercy.


Yeah. Every time I rap Ocho what do I do? I let him outside. Ocho, if I come up, he gonna throw the ball over my head. If I stay back, he gonna to get, he gonna get 20. He gonna get a running start at me. Yeah. Now I gotta try to tackle this mofo in middle, in, in, in space, open space. Yeah. Good luck with that exact Yeah, exactly. Left. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So when you're dealing with a guy like him, like Lamar, you're dealing with a guy like a Josh Allen or you're dealing with a guy like Jayden Daniels. You, you, you know what, bro, if y'all beat me for the pocket, take off with it because I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't let you have, you can't be, at least I can see you, I can keep you in this little space right here. Right. It is difficult. I mean, 'cause you're dealing with great players. Lamar Jackson, we believe he'll be a three time MVP.


Yeah. February the sixth. That's when the honors is. And that's when they're gonna announce the MVP. But at least I can keep him in this space. Right. I let him outside Ocho he throwing the ball to Andrews and likely he got Bateman. We don't know if Za Flowers is gonna be able to play. And now I gotta deal with his legs. And he all, he doing all this herky jerky stuff and he's starting and stopping and spinning on me. Right. He got me on his highlight reel. Now, now, now it is like, yeah, see this is why he got, this is why he a 99. Yeah. Thanks to me. He done ju me got me on the ground. He on everybody. ESP everybody run the clips on your Yeah. Man. You let Lamar do what you mean let Hell nah, I ain't let him do that.


You think I let the man embarra me, but the commanders man, I, I was really impressed. I didn't have them win. I didn't put them on my bingo card to win this ball Game. I I, I didn't have 'em winning either. I didn't, I didn't have, I didn't have 'em winning either, just based on what the lions had done in the regular season and how well they played that, that, that's The only thing. And I've been saying this all Year and I'm, I'm I'm at, I'm at fault. Yeah. Commander fans, if you in this chat, I apologize. I I I, I apologize. I wasn't familiar with y'all game I am now, but Ocho but what we didn't couldn't predict was the turnovers. Yeah. If now, because think about it, Ocho, you gave up seven points on your possession.


They, the, the commanders didn't even have the ball. And you let 'em get seven points. Seven Points. Now you fumble the ball. Now you took points off the board, you ate. That was, I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think that peak was on second down. Right? So you got another crack at it. Another, and maybe you get a touchdown, at least you're probably gonna walk away with three mm. So excuse me, you took points off the board twice. Yeah. Twice. And so when you, when you play like that, even at home, Ocho and I tell people and to come play off time, I would rather be on the road because you can feel it start to slip away and you could feel like the, the crowd hangs on every play.


Yeah. Like damn. Ooh. And it get, You feel, you, you feel it, you sense it And it get real quiet Man. It get real quiet. But hey, I, I, I can't say enough good things about what the commanders have been able to do, the stable environment that Josh Harris, you know, you know magic. Hey Jerry, how you looking? All the quarterbacks that you had, and you ain't been here in a long, long time. This man did this with a rookie. Think about how many quarterbacks you done paid. And all you do is ya. I ain't even know if y'all don't, if you've never seen Josh Harris, you would never heard, never heard his voice.


Even when they made the playoffs, you heard what he said. He had Magic Johnson up there. He said, Hey, you hire good people. You give him a stable environment and things will blossom. Things will flourish. He ain't say nothing about him. He doing a great job. He ain't say he bought a team to have a, a ball of occupation ion who? I, who pays for a job? Ocho. I paid for the job at ES espn. I bought that seat. Who says that? Who says they bought an occupation? An arrogant, a very arrogant person says that I purchased a job. Yeah. But okay. You're not doing a good job of it. You're not. But man, the commanders, I can't say another good thing about them mojo that young kid, that young man they got at quarterback, the number five.


He's everything. He's I know they thought that when they drafted him. Yeah. They thought they saw all this. I don't know if they saw it this soon. Yeah. As a rookie, we're in the NFC championship game. Ocho. Yeah, Ocho. We had the second pick in the draft year one though. That's what I'm saying. He Ocho What big changes did they got other than the coach? They look at Terry McClure was there. Yeah. Yeah. Zach, if I'm not mistaken, Zach Ker was there. Yeah. Is one. I'm trying. So, okay. Austin Eckler. Austin Eckler, he, he didn't put up the type of numbers that he did with the charges where he was the fantasy darling. Right. And he made a pro, I think he made a pro bowl or something like that, or choke. They used, he didn't have that kind of number. Yeah, they use different here though.


They they use him. They use, yeah. They got Brian Robinson. Brian Robinson Jr. I think that's his name. The offensive line is pretty much the same. But the turnaround. That guy, yeah. Go look at, look at the team that was in the playoffs, what they got every last, and look at the team that's not in the playoffs. What they don't have. Look at the quarterbacks. Cj, Mahomes, Hertz, Allen, Lamar, Stafford. You got like overall draft pick. I mean the, the latest you got was Josh with Jalen. Hers was the second round pick Lamar first rounder CJ first rounder.


Yeah. Stafford first rounder. Jay Daniels first rounder Lamar Jackson. First rounder, first rounder. When you get that kind of stability at that position, everything else, okay. Everything else Becomes easy when you build around it. Yep. Front office, head coach, quarterback changes are all huge for the commanders, but the change in ownership should never be overlooked. Everybody knew Daniel Snyder was, was terrible and, and you know, hey, it's not a surprise. Yeah. It's not a surprise. Watch your be beloved to be a fly on the wall as he's watching the game tonight. What we talking about Daniel Snyder?


You think he was watching because he, because he wouldn't sit his meddling ass down. He stayed in the way. Yeah, because you know him and Jerry. I mean him and Jerry. They Jerry. Yeah. Him and Jerry. They, they right hand they deal. He wouldn't, he wouldn't stay out the way. Right. He wouldn't now he far out the way. He never get another team. They Wouldn't, they wouldn't allow him, huh? Because the owners have, the owners have to vote on that. They, they wouldn't allow in that circle. Not, not a, see, they never released the report. Oh, they, they knew they couldn't do that. 'cause a few, it would've been a few other owners that wouldn't have their team.


Yeah. I don't know how you make a deal. Okay, I'm gonna hire you to do this. But you can't release the report. You can't release the findings. So why the hell, why the hell did you, let's move on. Don't Joe. We we ain't gotta go. We ain't gotta wet. We ain't gotta do that with Joe.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy healthcare just got less painful.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. $3 a day and a three minute survey. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health


Oh, Joe. Yeah. For the seventh consecutive season. Crazy. Huh? The Kansas City Chiefs find themselves in the a FC championship game. Oh is he? Huh? The chiefs defeated the Texans 23 to 14. The Texans outplayed the Chiefs on offense and defense for much of the first three quarters. But that ma homeboy gonna find a way. Yeah. He is the man. They, they, they got him going down. He's Superman's. It finds Kelsey. But I told you nephew, a he don't have the legs that he once has. Yes sir. But he's a professional get open guy. That's what Travis Kel is now. Yeah. Can he run like he once could? No. No, no. Had he been able to run like he once could, he probably have 200 plus yards today but he can't run like that.


But what he can do is still get open. Yeah. And he can see things like he and p ma homeboy struggled this year Yeah. Of getting that connection Ocho what we had seen them have for the past six years. Yeah. But when it needed it. Oh yeah. That wifi, you know where ain't going. And they did a great job. They double him a lot of times. Don't choke. You see he run the cross, the basic cross. They got the safety coming down to, to take it away. Yep. They got, they played in and out on him. But look, check this out. And I said this before and people like, they keep saying Travis Kel is the greatest tight end of a play. He's number one in playoff in catches over Jerry Rice.


He's 200 yards behind Jerry Rice for the most receiving yards in playoff history. He's two touchdowns behind Jerry Rice for the most touchdowns in playoff history. Yes sir. 10 Pro Bowls. He had like seven, eight straight 1000 yard seasons. Yeah. No other tight end has more than four. Right. He has seven, eight straight. Remember Ocho, he would've got another one. Yeah. They ba they sat him out last year because they had, they was already locked into the three seeds. The thing that's most impressive about him, as great as he is in the regular season. Right. He's even better than the postseason in the postseason. Yeah. And that's not a knock on anybody. The top tight ends for me are him and Gronk.


Yeah. I think it's him and Gronk. I'm taking Trav. That's not to say I don't like Gronk. I think Gronk is phenomenal. He is. His relationship with Brady is Sec is just like what, what, what Trev I have with ma homeboy. Oh yeah. But you can't deny, you can't deny the numbers. Regular season. The Pro Bowls, the all pros the way big game after big game after Big. Have you ever left a playoff game and say, man, Trav let us down man. Man, he ain't play good today. Never that You, I mean Ocho and I'm talking about in the, when the money we shoving all the a it's finality now the playoffs is all about finality, right?


It ain't no, Hey, hey we'll look at the tape. We'll bounce back next week. Next week is eight months from now. This guy has been money 172 postseason receptions. That's crazy. He's far away. He's not done. He has 2020 yards. That's second all time to We know Jerry Jerry's the goal. Yeah. Not just because of what he did in the post. In the regular season, when you ever see a game where you say, wait man, Jerry man Jerry let us down in the post season, Man please. He's two in, in, in, in yards and touchdown.


He is a tight in. He's a tight in and he has a thousand catches and a whole lot of a thousand catch guys. What is it, 10, 12 Ocho? Yeah. That's it. That's it. Only what I think, I think Gonzo has the record. He has like 1300. I think Whitten has like 1100 and I think he's the next tight end. He has a thousand. A thousand. I think Gates had like nine. So I think Gates had nine, maybe nine something With, And then everybody else, you know, everybody else kinda after me and, and, and, but he, he for me Ocho and the most 100 catch playoff games in postseason history.


Can I interest you in that? No, that's, that's A tight end. That's crazy. He's won the most hundred yard games. He's won in catches. He's two in yards. He's two in touchdowns. And you know what makes, you know what makes most of that possible too, huh? If, if you think about it, if it was on any other team, it wouldn't be the same. No. The production, the numbers, you know, the accolades, it wouldn't be the same. And just the right fit, the right offense, the right quarterback, the right play calling, the right creativity and everything the rest takes take care of itself. Ocho, he went to the Pro Bowl with Alex Smith. Oh yeah. We didn't talk about this guy like we do now. Now. No. Until he got my homeboy.


Yeah. Yeah. Let's be 1000. And he was a phenomenal player. He was Good then too, eh? Yes, he was good then too. He got, I think he's going to 10 straight pro bowls. You gotta be good to go to 10 straight. And there are times that he had had ke had Kittle not had those all world season. He might have been another, he might have a couple of more. First team all pros. Yeah. It look at Brock Bowers had a historic season. Season Yeah. But the 10 pro, 10 consecutive pros for tight end. What he's been able to do. His body of work. When it's all said and done, I think right now it's just he and Gronk at the table having a discussion.


I don't know boy, hey bro, we don't need to do we we don't need to discuss it among ourselves. Right. We'll let other people discuss it. That's Yeah. I think it's them two. I love them both. Watch them both. It's, it's funny they both got the same number. Both played you, you'll probably say when it's all said and done, they played with the two greatest quarterbacks of all time. All Time. Yeah. That def that definitely helps. But what he's been able to do, man, like I said, he's a, at this point in time, he doesn't have the legs that he once had. He's just a professional guy that knows how to get open. Very savvy. That's It. Very savvy. That's it. Being able to defenses. And the funny thing about it, not only getting open is him and my home be on the same page and knowing where to settle, knowing where to settled.


Knowing where to be at in, in, in every time. Man. Never. If you play Kansas City and you, if you play a Steve Fola defense. Yes sir. The moment he feels threatened, he's coming with the bomb blitz. He finna blow it up. Yeah. The moment you threaten him, he's coming. Hell, I know that. How? Chiefs don't know. I mean, how, how, how? The Texas don't know that, bro. They gonna come if you threaten him. He's coming with the bls. Yeah. He gonna blow it up. He'll throw caution to the wind. Damn. That safety in the middle of the field.


I'm coming to get you. How many Listen, Seven Sacks. They sacked him seven times. What? They had seven sacks in the fourth quarter. Three by George Col. No, Kaus, Kaus. Kaus. He Hey, they got after them. Yeah. CJ was back. CJ was causing, look, they, they did a great job. I think, you know what, Altus got him early when he tackled him out of bounds. He kind of tweaked that ankle Tweak. Yeah. Tweaked up his ankle a little bit. Yeah. Tweaked a little bit. But the thing is, with Kansas City, you know this Ocho and I thought Texas did a good job. They didn't turn the ball over.


I thought Joe Mixon ran the ball well enough. But they're gonna have to get better on the offensive line. Yeah. That's, that's that, that's, that's, that's the next thing they do now. Ojo, they got Look, tank Dale. Tank Dale's gonna miss some time. Ojo, he gonna miss some time. Yeah. I wouldn't count on him coming back next year early. I don't know what they're gonna do with Stefan Diggs if he's gonna take, I, I don't think, no. You know, nobody's gonna give him that $30 million coming off an ACL injury. So he might have to take a one year deal. I don't know if he wants it for it to be there. I would look at staying there. 'cause I got a really good quarterback. I got Nico Collins on one side. Right. I like Dalton shows at the tight end, bro. That's a bull job, job that you did on that pass blocking.


I ain't look at bro. I ain't saying you gotta be Mark Bavaro or Gro or George Kittle, but bro, you can't do that. Yeah. Or Gule. That's some bull jive. Two guys should be able to block a, run it back at a tight end. Should be able to block a defensive end. Yeah. Two Guys should be able to, unless it ret or one of the all worlds lt something like that. Ain't no way. That should, that was, that was a, that's some half a, that's some half-hearted as separate. Yeah. That ticked me off. Hey, you know what, what else? Watching the game, obviously, you know, a lot of chirping obviously from some prominent figures in the NFL that are part of the NFL in general. Talking about some of the calls that were made in, in, in favor of the Chiefs.


We hear this all the time, especially around the postseason time. Sometimes it's regular season as well. It seems calls are always convenient when it matters most for them to give them. Right. Whatever it may be. You know, and one of the things that bothered me, that's starting to bother me just a little bit. I love Mahome. I love everything they're doing. Just that. Mahomes is intentionally playing with defenders to draw some of these, draw some of these. Oh, He slowed down and the guy pushed him like, bro, you still in bound? Yeah. He's, and then he went li he went, he he went limp on the Mocho. Yeah, but he was still in barrel, bro. Get your ass outta of barrel. Well he now he's doing it on purpose though. Aren't That's what I'm seeing. Yeah. And, and and, and it is forcing the ref to throw flags and they get, the ref are starting to get a little a, a little jumpy.


So every time, but Mahomes is playing around, he's doing it purposely because he's taking advantage of the rules and knowing that he could take advantage of it. And he flopping sometimes. And the late slide, that was a late slide. I don't know what the guy what, because he, he got the last second he go down. Yeah. I don't know what you want me to do. I've already committed. He doing it on purpose. I Committed to light his ass up. He doing it on purpose. 'cause he knows he can take, he can take advantage of, of the rules. So why not? Now I'm, I'm not sure it's probably too late now, but at some point next year, the competition committee or whoever, whoever the powers may be, they need never imp implement a rule. Not when it comes to that quarterback. Yeah. They gonna protect a, they gonna protect him. The rule base. This is what was told to me.


When in doubt, if it's a quarterback, throw the flag. I don't care if you get it wrong. Right. We will not hold that against you. Right. When in doubt, if it's the quarterback throw the flag. Well, I mean, he, listen, I'm, I'm Chad the chat and the chat. If y'all watch the game today, you know exactly what I'm talking about. Now I'm not, I'm not saying wrong and I'm not saying nothing bad. No. Chiefs look great and all that. He do. Patrick Mahome one of the best ever, but I'm just Oh, and he taking advantage of the rules a little bit. Just, just Ocho a little bit. Can I ask you a question? Yes, sir. We heard the same thing when Tom Brady and the Patriots were d winning. Right. It was the referee. They heard the same thing. Ocho Yeah. And we saw Tom Brady get a call.


Chris Jones hit the man in the shoulder pad. They said he hit the man in the head. He didn't touch his head. Yeah. There are a lot of phantom calls. It happens. Yeah. They called a blank A-A-A-A-A-A-A penalty tonight on Montgomery. That man ain't touch Montgomery's face mask. Yeah. Oh. He, he had a, he had His shoulder Pad, but then you know what, and, And because his head went back. Yeah. Boom. But you have to understand, remember we see it, but we see it in slow motion. Yeah. You're actually seeing it in, in, in in real time. In Real time. Looks like His head. His head does this and it looked like, oh, he grabbed his face back. Yeah. That man didn't touched that man face mask. Right, right. You right, you Right. And you throw that flag. You shouldn't be allowed to say face or mask the rest of the year.


You Right. But listen man, but, And, and I think the biggest call what got him is that when Mahomes overthrew Kelsey. Yeah. And Will Anderson hit him in the chest? Yes. And they thought he hit him in his chin. He didn't. And they, they they couldn't they couldn't reverse it. No, they couldn't reverse it. You talking about, and hey, listen, Mahomes sold it now. Yes. He sold it. They good sold it Because when, what would Brady do every time they would hit Brady somewhat late, he turned looking at the official. Yeah. That's what the quarterback, Hey bro, hey you, you, you're not gonna do anything about that. You Right, Right, right, right, right. But hey, hey, Look at, look at, hey, how many times you ever saw the official come to the sideline and talked to any other player like the official went to the sideline and talked to Josh Allen?


I ain't never seen, I had never seen an official Right. Come to the sideline and talk to a player. No. Say look, because he could have threw a flag. All that yelling. They threw a flag on Tom Brady one time, but Tom was probably Ming him. Normally they throw, normally they throw a flag on you, you know, you keep yelling each other, you know, you're like, Hey, you need to calm down now. Stop yelling. I seen it. I I've seen it a few times. I've seen it with Brady. Obviously I've seen it with Josh Allen and in basketball. I saw it with Michael Jordan. Yeah. So that's the thing. Ocho, the Texas are the first team in NFL postseason history to out gain an opponent by a hundred yards, have zero turnovers and lose. Prior to today, teams were 49 and oh.


In such games. Mm. Special and boys special man. They just know how to win. And boys special. And There's an expectation. When you been in this situation, you got to beat them. Yeah. How many times did it's normally not a you gotta beat, you had to beat Tom Convincingly. You had to beat him Convincingly. Yeah. You, The only thing you don't want to have happen. You didn't want Tom to have the ball with a chance to beat your ass. Woo. Late in the ball game. You want a, you want to be taken a knee because it's the same thing with home. You don't want him to have the ball late with the ball in his hand. And I, I will say this about the chiefs Ocho, you get the ball to start your offense on the 13 yard line and you kick a field goal.


Yeah. Next week you going home, you do that against, you do that against Buffalo or, or or Baltimore. You're going home. Yeah, You're going home. They got the ball again and they set up for another field goal. Now I don't know what they, I don't know what the tech is gonna do with their kicker, but there's a good chance they're gonna probably be on the market for another one. Yeah. I'm right here. If they need one, I don't know what they're gonna do with it. Bocho, Listen, you heard what I said? If they need a kicker, I'm right here. I mean, in one of the kick, that first kick, wasn't them close? Nah. Oh, then it went wide, right? Yes, it went wide. Right. Like what are we doing? Yeah. In a game, in a game like that where point And then he means extra porn Ocho, do you know how deflating that is?


Ocho, now we about to tie the game up and now look like Yeah bro. Hey nice run. Hey, nice run joke. That run mix. Hey, wanna put 'em in the blender mix, blah, blah, blah. And then you like, oh yeah, about to tie this thing up. Oh Man, damn. Listen, take the win right out sail. Yeah, Man. The win right out sales. I mean, you try to put, you try to put up a product. That's okay. That's okay. We good? No, bro, we up behind if we, if if they don't do anything else and we don't do anything else Right, We lose lose. Yeah. Oh man. Bojo, there's been a lot said about the refs. The refs favoring the chief, the Texan spoke about it after the game.


Let's take a listen to what CJ had to say first. Yeah. You know, those things are tough. You know, I'm, I'm not gonna go back and forth on what I thought was a call, what I thought wasn't a call, you know, and you know, it's one of those things you kind of know what's up before you even walk in the arena. And we gotta be better and just being accountable and sound and, you know, some things, you know, I think we, we had a couple calls and we're called that I'm begging for, but at the same time, it is what it is. You know, like, I can't argue with the ref and at the same time play football, I gotta go and do my job. So Yeah, I I would say, you know, it's definitely some things that I would question, but at the same time it, I mean they're the professionals. They're getting paid to be the refs and you know, they did ultimately their best and Yeah.


But, you know, that's kind of thing, you know, it starts against the world, you know, when you're playing in these type of environments and games. I got a question. Oh, I got a question. Listen, Go Ahead. If everybody keeps saying the same thing every year, regular season, every postseason when it comes to the chiefs questionable calls, calls that are always convenient and it seems they always side for the teeth. At what point are the people? Right? And there's not an excuse made every single time. If someone's always saying the same thing all the time, you know, if, if there, if there's smoke, there's fire. If there's smoke, there's fire somewhere. Everybody can't be wrong about it.


The coaches say it, the fans say it. Sometimes the people in the chat may say it. The people that don't agree are the people that are actually Chiefs fans. You know. But I'm, I'm, I'm just saying I'm, I, I don't have a horse in this race. I'm just saying I see questionable things that happen at times that favor the chiefs. Did you see question? Because with Kobe, did you see question because with Michael Jordan? Yes, sir. Okay. You saw question because with Brady too. Did Oh, so oh, so, okay. So you know what it is. Okay. Long. I just wanna make sure we on the same page. Yeah. It's on Apple. Okay. Let's take a listen at what Joe Mixon had to say. Everybody know how it is playing up here?


You can't, you can never leave. You can never leave it into the ref's hands. But I mean the whole world. See man, like what it is, bro. But it is what it is. You know, like I said, when it come down to it, you can't never leave it into the ref's hands, man and things like that. But it's all good though. Vic Lombardi, I know Vic, he writes outta Denver. He said, yeah, I'm done. Mahomes can't get separate rules. Vic, see Vic, he, he, he's he's from Denver. Okay. Okay. Okay. See, so every, everybody can't be blind to the fact now. Yeah. Not everybody, the players said, the coach will say it.


People from the outside that are prominent figures, like I said earlier in the NFL that have been watching the game for a very long time and they can see it now. I see it sometimes as a former player, occasionally, not often, but most of the time. But they do get calls. The calls are warranted when I see it in slow motion. Okay. You know what, right. The fans might say that's some bull drive, but as a fan, I mean actually as a player and a fan of the game now, okay, that was warranted. That's really a call. Yeah. Now I feel, but I Oh, Joe. But we see, we, you and I, we discuss it every week, bro. I mean the guy laying on the quarterback personal foul, bro. I'm like, what the, so what you want me to do? You want me to lay this mofo down?


I ain't Finn to put, I'm not finna put him in bed. Hold On. Now, you know, sometimes them d linemen and d tackles that not only do they attack you when they take you to the ground, you know they putting all their weight on you too now. Yeah, But some, but Oh, so I see guys try to, try to make open the hands. Yeah. And so like, I ain't trying to drop my weight on him. Right, right, right. And they still throw the flag. Right. They're gonna protect the quarterback every time, Chad. I get it. And I get frustrated too. 'cause sometimes I see it, I'm like, bro, that's not a penalty. I mean, you gotta let the guys play at some point in time. But they have been told if there's any doubt in your mind and it's on that guy, throw the flag. Yeah. Yeah. Throw the flag.


Yeah. Hey, you, you know what's funny is even without the, that goddamn calls in favor of the chiefs, they would still be winning these games. Yes. The calls, they would still be winning the game because when it matters most and 15 has the ball in his hands, he's going to make it happen in 99.9% of the time. 99 point ain't a whole lot. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm excited for him. I would love to see him threepeat. I would love to see him threepeat. I would love it. 'cause I would love to see Mahomes Andy Reed because We never go, we probably never gonna see it again. Ocho. Oh, We, we not gonna see it again. We not gonna see. The Steelers At 79 had an opportunity. Right. They didn't get it done. Mm. Dallas had an opportunity they lost in the conference championship.


'cause they won 92, 93. They lost 94 to the 49 ERs. They came back and won again in 95. Right. San Francisco had an opportunity. They won 88, 89. They lost in the championship game to the, to the Giants in 90. Yeah. Green Bay. 67 what? 67 68. Yeah. I was there. They Lost the three. We probably never It's so hard. Ocho very hard. It's so, because because this is why you seen more three peaks in other sports the month, the other major sports, the basketball, the hockey, the baseball.


Because it's a series. Yeah. In football it is one game. Mojo one, one bad game. JJ Josh, Jared Goff had one bad game. You going Home, it's over you going home. Yeah. Think about it. Michael Jordan first championship, they lost game one. If that had been football, he'd have lost Go home. Yeah. But they went four straight. They're the champs. See, that's why it's so hard. That's why when people say football, because you get one chance and it's over. Yeah. Yeah. It's over. Gotta show you gotta show up that day. This is it. That, That, that day. Yeah. You know what, that day, as much as I'd love to see, I'd love to see my home make history and Kelsey, Boy, we have a real serious conversation.


Yeah. You know what, that'll start You talking about a debate for the goat. Trust Me, I absolutely know what, but I really, I really wanna see that young bull that got that ravening on his helmet that we number eight. Yeah. This is it. Your moment.


This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


Amazon one Medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. A kid just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. What have I told you? That Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true. Long lasting weight loss results all for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. $3 a day and a three minute survey. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


But the thing is, Ocho, I think if he were to unlock this and get there, the pressure, I could see him winning another two. I could see him winning three in five years because the pressure will be off him. He get an opportunity to play free. Freely free. Not that he's not playing freely now, but it just, it's, it's a different, it's a different kind of free Because I got that championship. I got some of y'all gonna, y'all can't say what? He couldn't win the big game game. Y'all. Y'all can never, y'all can say a lot that, but y'all can never say I wasn't a champion. You can't never say I wasn't a champion. And once you become a champion, yeah, you get that taste.


It's like, that's why, you know, a lot of times animals, they, they put 'em down on your, once they bite something or because they got that taste in their mouth. Oh man and boy, hey Lamar, Jackson, he f around and get a Super Bowl and now he gonna play free. Lord, help us all. That's Yeah. That's scary. Y'all got help. I just want y'all to know y'all got hell on your hands. I just, just put it out there. Also, there's a debate taking on storm on Twitter. Steve Spagnolo has an argument to be the NFL's first ever assistant coach to eventually be a Hall of Famer because if I'm not mistaken, I think he wasn't he the Giants DC when they knocked off Brady?


He was, I think so. Ash check that wasn't he? I think he was. Yeah, I think it was Spags. So this, he's got five. So if he was the Giants, if he was the Giants DC Oh, so oh 7 0 8. So he got the first one with the Giants. He wasn't there for the second one. Okay. He got the first one with the Giants. Think about it. He pulled the biggest upset in NFL history. He's the defense. Tom Brady and them at that point in time, they had scored the most points in the single game. They had the highest scored average.


Yeah. He held 'em to 17 points below their average. Brady was the first ever unanimous MVP 50 touchdowns, eight interceptions, 4,800 yards. He held 'em to 17 points. That was the oh seven year. No, He, he held him to 14 points. That was that oh seven season with Moss, huh? Yep. Boy it was. Ooh hey. They was on fire that year. Boy. I'm just saying Commander's win. Has Commander's win has a current and former cowboy. Greg going at it on Twitter Uhoh Dan tweeted first Dan Quinn do it.


What, what Dan Quinn is doing in Washington. Jerry, everybody needs to go including them. I knew Washington was going to be successful because of dq Daaz. Why you keep saying Jerry, Jerry had an opportunity to hire Dan Quinn and he kept Mike McCarthy. So when are you going? I understand you have a great, Hey, I understand your relationship with Jerry, but when are you gonna put this at Jerry feet? Because that guy didn't take a job because he thought he was going to get the job. Right. And then once, once it became abundantly clear, Jerry was going to drag his feet, he took another job. What you want that man to do? I ain't fitting to be no damn coach and waiting for the rest of my life.


Keep passing over opportunity and after opportunity while Jerry swing his feet. Hell nah. Trey, Jerry this for from now on, I'll speak truth about my cowboy. Wordss. Good or bad, Jerry has built a great brand. That's all he is done brand. And now it's time for the team to start winning. It's time for a real culture shift. I'm filled with all this nepotism. Get someone in there who can win games. Hold on, wait a minute. Hold on. Talking about what you mean. That's what they are brand. That's what this is. What, what you mean to start winning culture. You can't have culture Dance Bryant win your owner doing what he does. Yeah, you gotta un you know what culture starts at unc? You know. Oh you know what? Culture starts at that. That star from the top culture.


Don't star from the coach culture star from the top. Oh, oh, oh. Before you go any farther, what Michael Far responded stuff that I irritates me Des because you had enough. You had enough. He spell it. He put a T in front of. But I know what he meant. You had enough talent and was probably one of the greatest in your time. You could have changed the culture brother. You could have changed the culture. Wait, wait, wait a minute now. Wait now mic got Michael Parson mi myson. What does the front office have to do with players' action and players be responsible for their actions? Dead shot back. I had to double back because you really said I could have changed the culture. Culture emphasize that.


And if you don't know, I was never on a yes man. Political ass kicking, kissing ish. I sacrificed myself. So a lot of you could do what you do. I'm on some ish way deeper than football. You really too young to understand. You realize that soon you need to do more people like don't give a f for the better up of the athletes. The way I talked to Jerry with what the way versus the way you talk to Jerry is totally different. Let it sink in. Come on now. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Say you say you like that. You told me you like when the players speak truth. Hey, I Like that you said You tell what you said when I like that. I like that. See you see what you get from dance.


Now if we can get, now, if we can get all the players, even the active players, to start talking their truth. But Des always been des since they one. Now Des ain't never changed. Des ain't never conformed, Des was never pc. So what you're hearing from here now is nothing new. That's always been him. I don't believe. I don't believe you can have a culture as long as Jerry's the owner. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. 'cause what what happens is you need one voice that need, that voice needs to emanate from the coach. If I can circumvent anything that the coach, any authority the coach have by going to his superior, how does the coach, how does the coach lay a foundation Right.


To establish that culture. The thing that they know in New England. Ain't nobody going to Bob Kraft, Mr. Kraft and circumstance anything. Coach Belichick. Right? I had a great relationship with Mr. Bowling. Yes sir. Man, I wish I would've took my happy black ass upstairs and said Mr. B, lemme tell you what Mike talking about. He would look at me like, oh Sharpie, what you want me to do? Right. Nothing. Don't tell him I came up here to your office to tell you. Let's start with, let's start with that. Let's keep this between us. Right. The thing was is that when you have one voice now that takes a lot.


Well where is this coming from? Who is this coming from? See, you heard the thing Ocho, the problem that they have in Cowboys, they know when Mike McCarthy's standing in front of them. That's Jerry's talking. He's moving his mouth. But that, but Jerry is, you know he Ja petal. Yeah. McCarthy. The difference is when Mike Shanahan stood up there and talked, That's him. That was Mike. Yeah. But also he gave us the remember. Nah bro, we we not gonna do that. What's your weight? Okay. Bring your ass in a beat. Make weight. Right. Hey, I'm there guy. Hey, go get on the bike. It ain't but two pounds. Go get on the bike for 10 minutes.


Hey you good. You gonna be able to drop that bro. Go get in the hot tub. Two pounds. You need to Go get in the sign. Hey. Yes, yes, yes bro. That's our responsibility bro. Clean up the Come on bro. How you hair? The hair? The laundry basket right there. You gonna throw the towel on the floor, bro. Really? That's what you gonna do. You can't get your, I mean the towel right there by you. Yeah. And you just leave the towel in, in front of your locker. You leave the towel bro. Come on now bro. Clean. Mike gave us the authority to police the locker room. Yeah. We had established the culture that I had adopted from the older guys from the Dennis Smith and the Steve Atwater and the, the Max and the John.


And hopefully that my job was to try to pass that on. Right. That's what you gotta have. Ocho the guy that when you see Ray and the way you conduct himself and he's watching the way wood in how we do things. Myself and Rod. Hopefully he passed that along and the culture was established. Right. And so now you get a ed reading, you got a s and you got guys like that. That's what you play like a raven. They're never gonna have that because Jerry won't allow it. Jerry won't allow it. I mean a lot of things transpire. Hold on.


There are a lot of things that happened once I left. I mean, once I leave Ocho I I just try to do, try to put the guys in the best situations that I possibly could. Right. To be successful. But there's a lot of things going on, a lot of dealings that I wouldn't have tolerated. I the guys, we gotta be professional. Yeah. And all that other stuff. That's, that's the kind of stuff that tear the fabric from a locker room. You know, that's somebody's people. Yeah. And then you trying to go behind their back and you trying to do Nah, nah, nah. No. That ain't how we do stuff right here. Right. We, I, we I don't go for that now I'm just trying to figure out why you trying to do that. Why you mad at him about trying to see some girl and you married? How did that look? I, I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm confused.


That's real. I'm like, bro, that happened. I yeah, I I'm, I I'm probably just like I've told you. I said Bro, lemme ask you a question. How you mad at him? Talking about that's your girl. You mad with three kids. That's real. That happened for real. Look here bro. Ocho let tell you that's a good story. I kept the peace. That's a good point. My job, my job was not only to play, my job was to keep the piece and keep stuff like that in the locker room because that will tear a locker room apart. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And that ain't got nothing to do with football. Ain't got nothing to do with football. We gonna keep football. Football. Right. That's what we going to do. Damn bro. Your wife get wind of this right here.


'cause you know, 'cause at the end of the day he going to get mad at you. You doing things to try to salt him up. He go tell your wife. Oh, now what? Now you y'all you gonna wanna fight? Yeah. Why you fighting a man that's single about seeing somebody you married and you try to get at her? Come on bro. It don't work like that. Mm. You get one, you get one, you get your wife, you get your main one. You can't put, you can't take three or four off the shelf and put 'em in the back. You know, like Foot Locker Ocho. Yeah. You got a boy working the a put a pair of shoes in the back for me. That's some Yes. No, you get one, you get to put one on the shelf and everybody stay away from, other than that, it's fair game.


It's fair game. So you not finna hide four five pair of shoes. We gonna sell, we selling them shoes, bro. I'm just kidding. I'm gonna keep it one file with y'all. But that was, but see that's the, that's the job of a leader. Yes sir. To keep the peace in the locker room because there are a lot of things that could eat at the fabric of a locker room. Right. That ain't got nothing to do with football. It ain't got nothing to do with money. Hey, we gonna keep money out of this. Right. Look, all that gambling look like, like Mike said, like rookies, we didn't really let a whole lot of rookies gamble. Right. Because first of all, y'all ain't got that kind of money to be losing and, and you Right. And we can't have Mike say, look, I can't have y'all out there. Y'all owe, y'all owe 84 $20,000 and you thinking about that.


Oh yeah. So look, no, no. Come on guys. But that, that, that culture thing is true. People don't realize it. People don't realize how valuable culture is in a locker room. Right. Until you don't have that veteran leadership in there and you get guys running amuck doing all kind of things. Right. And then you like, well damn, I realize that Sharp had more value. He was valuable. And I'm not talking about just on the field. Huh? Because what Mike didn't realize until I left a lot of things that I snuffed out never made it to him. He didn't know ish about it. Right. But that's what veterans do. That's what leaders do. Right. You come together, you say, Hey bro, what's really going on?


What's the problem? Okay, you got a problem at home? Okay. How can we help? What's going on? What what I mean, what does she think you're doing? Mm. Bro, you cannot, you cannot go out and come in at three, four in the morning. What homeboy you got? What? So what you telling her? You can't tell her I'm out? Hell 'cause I don't even go out with my own homeboys and come in at three, four in the morning. Right, right, right. I used to tell Bucket. I used to tell Bucket all the time. Nah bro, you not finna mess up my home. Right. Hey, my homeboy in town can y hey Yeah, sure man. Hey, come on Bucket. You not finna mess up my home. Right. Got me coming because you wanna come in at three, four in the morning. Oh, hell no.


No bro, you can't do that. I'm not gonna tell you you grown ass man. But I'm tell I'm not gonna tell you what you can and what I'm gonna tell you what you shouldn't do. Right. I can't tell you what you can't do 'cause you're grown. But I'm gonna tell you what you shouldn't do. That's all. And if you want peace, if you want, because at some point in time Mike gonna wonder why your play slipping. Why you seem distracted? Why you keep busting assignments? Yeah. Why you not where you're supposed to be? And then eventually, Hey Mike, Shannon had cut you. I tell you, I I ain't telling you like, oh Michael, Michael eat 5 million, $6 million, he will cut your ass.


Right. So I just wanna know what you, how you, how you wanna play this thing, man. Sharp man. Hey, I appreciate that bro. Ire, I I, I appreciate you coming to me, but I can't keep Mike off your ass and you keep making these kind of mistakes because I can only lie so much. So, hey, 84, what's going on with such and such? You know, he be all, everybody we went by, you know we go by numbers 84. What's going on with such and such? Yeah. Huh? I I'm pretending dumb. Right. I know Ocho right. Huh? What you mean Mike? He seem, he seem distracted. I mean, Mike start practice, Mike start practice. Dude blew an assignment.


He like, Hey, what the hell you do last night? Dude had to think about it. Nothing. Well get your head outta you. You know what? Yeah. You effing up. Hey, hey. That's, that's funny how, how you say this because normally I'm, I'm just thinking about me from, from from my personal experience when I have outside issues, even when I was playing, when I was playing, they didn't affect me because my outlet and my sense of peace was being at practice. And then once I touched that green grass in between those white lines, everything that's going on in the outside world, it went away.


How you said players allow what was going on the outside to affect 'em on the field when I couldn't wait to get to the field. 'cause it that, that gave me my sense of finally yes. I could feel, I ain't gotta worry about that bullshit. But here's the thing though, Ocho, maybe you didn't, as soon as we get a little five minute break, they run to the phone. Oh, they in the, they in the corner. They outside on the cell phone. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well you can't get away from it because you bringing it in In Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I I don't, I ain't play that boy. I couldn't wait. I mean, you, I I'm like, guys, you can't get away from the dog poop if you step in it and bring it in the house. Leave It out there. Wait A minute. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.


Hold on. You think you slick boy, you ain't Finn to get, you ain't finna to get away with that one boy. I could use that one on my kids. Yeah. And and that's the thing Ocho, that that's the thing. And, and, and I, I think a lot of times because the guys, to see, the guys saw the way I conducted myself Right. That I always tried to be professional because I know people watching. Yeah. I knew the guys were watching. But as, as an older player, Ocho and even though I, even though I was young, I was in my twenties. Yes sir. Early twenties. I thought of myself as a leader because the way I conducted myself, I wasn't out at night. Knew what I had to do, knew once I learned the offense, thanks to John, once I knew what I had to do.


Ocho I love the responsibility. 'cause I've always been responsible. Right. College my last couple of years in, in, in high school. But culture is a big Yeah. I guarantee you check the teams that's winning culture. I'm not saying they're a hundred percent as far as guys not being late. Right. Check their culture. Yeah. Go look at the Ravens. Go look at Kansas City. Look at the teams that win consistently. And even if when they hit a rough patch, that's when you tell, that's when you'll find out a lot about your culture. Yeah. You don't really find out about it when you win it. Yeah. It's when you hit those rough patches, you see how they did Zeke, they make it seem like Zeke had never been late before.


But what happened was they were tolerating things in wins. They couldn't do it or loss. Oh, we gonna let go. Y'all gonna let the man go older so he can catch on with another team? Where'd he do that at Ocho. He can't fool me. See, I I So you would've had, you would've had fun playing with me. You, you would've had fun. Could your magic. We was on the same team. Ocho, go ahead. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. I had you right. Ocho Ocho What? Hey, I, you I was the first Ocho I was the first one. I guarantee you I was the first in the stadium. Man. I, I would different man. No, I'm on, I'm call.


I guarantee you. Huh. Jordan. Jordan screen went out. Ocho I guarantee you. Had I been your teammate? Yeah. You'd been a first ball. Who? You'd have been a first ball. Shit. I am. First ballot. You'd been there, you'd have been up there. You'd you'd been in, you went in. Hold on. I went in. You'd done went in in 20. You you played 11 years. You came in in oh one. Wow. You came in oh 2, 0 1 0 1. Yeah. Yeah. Because you called a little cheap pill. I think you about have called a little something on us. Yeah. Always. My last year in Baltimore. Always. Oh, away. You know, IIII slice y'all up every time. Whatever The Volume


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.


Hey, Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankin. We're the host of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen To Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.