
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


In honor of Military Appreciation Month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindi at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or postpaid Unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with auto pay plus taxes and fees for 36 months. Less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade-in. Must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply


The Volume. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. One team closed it out and are going to the Eastern Conference Finals. The other team is on the cusp. The Oklahoma City Thunder outscored the Denver Nuggets by 15 in the fourth quarter to erase a eight point deficit to win by 7, 1 12 to 1 0 5. Y'all know me. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree.


He's a Pro Bowl, an all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And joining us tonight, I'm sure he's excited about his former team. The Pacers. Moving on to the Eastern Conference Finals. He's an NBA champion. He's an all star. He's a four-time all defensive player, defensive player of the year. Here he is later. And gentleman, medal World Peace Meta. Thanks for joining us, bro. Hey man, good to see you, unc. What up Chad? Good to see you, baby. What do please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. Remember your votes, your, your listens, your watching, you're downloading, you're sharing all that matters because thanks to you, you allow OCHO and I to do what we do and we can't do none of this without you.


So thank you for your support and your continued support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock. Now. If you can't find it, any city or state near you, order it online and we'll ship it directly to your door. Trust me, you won't regret this. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe Work tour are on sale. Our eight stops are Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit.


Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now. Boy, it took everything, the grit that they showed. Oklahoma City Aren weren't normally involved in a whole lot of games like this because they won. They were the best team in the NBA all year. But to see them execute the last two game in clutch situation, the last five minutes of the ball game, the game with them, five points, they've been sensational. The thunder beat the nuggets to take a three two series lead, KC double digit score in game five, Shaa 31 J Dub 18, Hartenstein 15, Chet 14, Caruso 13, and Lou Dort had 12.


This was a total team effort. Yoic came out. He was very, very aggressive. He wasn't looking to get everybody else involved. He was looking to dominate this game and he did, but he didn't get enough help. 44 points, 15 rebounds, five assists, two steals. And he did it on 17 of 25, shooting five of seven from the three point line, five of five from the free throw line, as I mentioned, 15 points, five assists, two steals. He only had two turnovers and he carried a heavy workload. 44 minutes, all the starters. Christian Brown, 43 minutes, Jamal Murray, 42 minutes yolk, 44 minutes. Michael Porter Jr. Who gave them nothing in the second half along with Christian Brown.


They scored zero points between the two of them, ocho and they missed. They were o of what? O of six I think in the third and the fourth in the second half. Aren Gordon had 37, played 37 minutes, had 13 points matter. You watch this game and, and, and going into the fourth quarter, I I, I know the nuggets were very comfortable because normally the last time they were here in the second game, they got blown out and it's like, here we are. We got an eight point lead heading into the fourth quarter. We're playing extremely well. But the thunder got a gear that they can get to. And I don't know if the, if the nuggets are not hitting on all cylinders, they can get to that level. What do, what impressed you the most about what you saw from OKC tonight? Well, You know, OKCI always had them winning.


I definitely had S-S-G-A-S-M-V-P. I do like the Joker. I mean, when you win 68 games and the next team is in their fifties, I don't even know how many games, You know, Denver won, You know, and the MVPs on usually on that team and they have a really balanced team. They all play defense and I think Joker is probably going to be kicking himself in the butt. Meaning he should be doing a little bit more sprints, right? Like, because if he's gonna play 44 minutes in the playoffs and some, sometimes if you look at the game, it's too easy. So sometimes if it's too easy, you're not doing those extra sprints, You know? 'cause you are already getting 40 and 20 anyway. Right?


And these are those games where you need to close out the extra, the the extra defensive slide. The extra drive. And I think if Joker was in a little bit better shape, he pulls out this game by himself. But he did a lot Ocho you watching this game and you see the nuggets, they played extremely well for, for three quarters. They played really well. Then they get out, out scored 34 to 19 in the fourth quarter. Yoki was doing all he could. Murray had 28, but they was a very inefficient 28. He had 27 shots to get it. He was three of 13 from the three point line. Christian Brown, 43 minutes, three of 12 from the field, two of eight from the two three point line. Michael Porter Jr. Had played 29 minutes. He was one of seven from the field.


He was oh five from the three point line. You can't play that many minutes. And they only have two points. Christian Brown had eight points in the first half, none in the second half. They got no contribution. And when you get that kind of contribution, they had six guys in double figures. OKC did. When you watch this game and you see late in the game, the two big guns, Shea Gils and Jalen Williams take this game over. What impressed you most about what you saw from OKC Ojo? Hey, honestly, I really think it came down to fatigue, huh? Both teams lean very heavy, very heavy on their starters, obviously, obviously. So because of the playoffs and the severity and the meaning of, and the importance of this game, OKC rotated they players in short spurts where they only had really one player over 20, 24 minutes.


You look at Denver, they had four players that played over 37 minutes. And obviously when it came to those last five minutes of the game, You know, when it was time to, to, You know, to close out or, or, or, or they, they was switching late. It, it, it showed, listen, joker did what he could do. He just, he just looked tired. But even when he is tired, he still show up to the party, still Give you work Man, he still give you that work, man. Yeah, I don't know what bro. Michael Porter Jr's, I don't know. I don't know what Porter, Michael Porter Jr, right? Yeah man. What young bull like that doing man? Nothing getting cardio in. He had his sprained left AC joint. Oh. So we heard. And if we've ever had though we know that's very painful, but if you can't get the job and matter at some point in time, if you can't get the job done, you say Coach, I just can't get it done because you not being a threat now you allow them to load up on Yolk, you allow them to load up on Murray because they don't view you as a scoring threat.


So now if you're not a threat, you are no good to your team because now they can go two on two, two on one, two on one, right? They can load up on Yolk and you see that's what happened later in the ball game because yeah, he hit a a, a fade away three that, I don't know how that ball went in, but it did go in. But Porter and Brown are gonna have to give them more if they want to get, get back and come back to OKC for game seven. What do you think they need to do in order to win on Thursday night in in Denver to make sure they have a game Seven, I think think Saturday or Sunday, Probably a lot, a lot more body movement. You know, the joker have five or assists. That's not normal. I think he needs to have 10 assists, You know, for them to, They can't make shots matter that that, You know, in order to get assists, the guy gotta put the ball in the basket.


And that's true On the flip side, they gotta put the ball in the basket. That's true. And You know, because a joker probably took it on, You know, took it upon himself. But You know, I feel like he's not in the 10 sis range and I think that's gonna be difficult. Like one, like you said, it is gonna fall on the players. They're gonna have to step it up. Because I'm looking at Jamal Murray, think about it. He had 28 points that took him 27 shots. Yeah, That's not Christian Brown had eight points, but he had 12 shots. Michael Porter Jr had two points. He had seven shots. So, and he was all five. So Christian Brown and, and, and Michael Porter Jr. They were two of 13 from the three. And so look, the thing is that you have to have, if I'm playing the Denver nuggets, what am I gonna do?


Am I gonna make yoke at your score or I'm gonna let him be a facilitator. Right? But I can't let him do both because if he's doing both, it's gonna be hard for you to beat him. Now, like you said, if he had 44 points and 10 12 assists where they win this game, but that mean players are making shots because it'd be interesting to see how many potential assists he could have had, had guys made those shots. And that's the difference in this ball game. Because late in the fourth, in the fourth quarter, when it got time, they made their shots. OKC made their shots. And that's why you got six guys and double figures. And you look at the rotation, the nuggets are playing. A guys KC are playing 10 guys. You see the difference? Yeah.


In 18 minutes, 11 minutes. Even I, Isaiah Joe only played five. Caruso gave you 24 minutes. Jalen Williams gave you 10 minutes. Lou do gave you 28, gave you 28 minutes. And then your big guns, Gil just had 39, 33 from Hartenstein. Jalen Williams had 38 and Chet Hung had 34. But that's what you have to have in a situations like this. Ocho you gotta have your big guns to go, Hey, hey, well that goddamn Lou dork, when he hit them three threes back to back, back to back. Ja, Jayden Williams, hey everybody, collectively as a, as as a group, they played very well offensively in transition on both ends of the floor defensively.


I think honestly, me and Unc, I I really, I really wanna ask you, based on the way they performed tonight, the way the Thunder performed tonight, what are the chances you have them winning a chip this year? Even though they young Now? Can we get outta this series first or get, get outta Western conferences? I really, I really, I, I listen, I, I don't mean no disrespect, but I really think this series is over. I think this Series, I don't think it's over. I think it's going seven What? I think it's going seven. You think the gonna let, and I can see it going seven with, because You know, the joke is a different, he had different beats, You know, he got two games away. That's how he looking at it. And now I didn't, I didn't necessarily think the Pacers was gonna be like a number one seat or beating a number one CI, it was gonna be good.


But You know, all the other teams are stacked honest. SGA. Right? And so, You know, I think the paces are coming out the east and so I did have SGI did have OKC winning. Right? I did have them favored to win this year. So I'm just gonna be honest, I did have them favored to win. But they go, if they go up against Indiana, You know how that go. I'm facing town, baby. IIII totally get that. I I think that look Peyton Watson, I mean guys were bad. I mean the, the Reserves came in, they hit three shots. There are three or 15. Peyton Watson was one of four. Russ was one of seven.


Er was it St. Strater? St. Strater was one of two. I mean one of, yeah. One or two. So that's three or 13 shots. That's not good enough. No. That, that's, that's not nearly good enough. When you look at what they got, what they got out of their bench, they got 15, 18, they got 22. You gave them 10, they got 22. So the thing is, is that it's hard for yolk. Yeah. And that's the thing about the playoffs. It's really hard for your big guys to get rest because the game get away from you just like that. They take yolk out, they take Murray out and gone. Now OKC goes on a run. And that's really, that's really hard. But You know, yolk knows he's gonna have to probably play another 44, 45.


He might have to play 46 minutes. Yeah. In order for them to have a chance. But they're gonna have to shoot the ball better. 13 to 46 won't get it done. You shooting under 30% and from the three and you're taking that many. Yeah. Nah, they need to be in the 30, they need to be somewhere between 35 and 38%. If they going shoot that many threes And they, they got help too. You got, you gotta have something from the bench. Huh? Something from the bench. Gotta have. And, and the thing about it is, You know, Ru Westbrook at times, You know, he's up and down. So he had a, he had a somewhat of a bad game tonight. I doubt he has a repeat performance of that. You know, come, come next game. 'cause obviously you're back against the wall. You don't have a choice but to win this next game. Yeah, I think he gonna show up. He gonna deliver a yo joker's gonna be joker no matter what.


And the NPJ gotta show up Michael, Michael Porter, I, whether you heard, Yeah, I think they gotta, You know, they gotta drive the ball too. Sometimes that shot not falling. You gotta, if you look at the pacer game, when they won, it was down seven and they and Hallberg hit that leg up. It was down 7 45 seconds. And what the Hallberg started doing, he started driving. And actually even in the first quarter, they were actually down that game. And then when the young fella McConnell got in the game, he started driving the ball to the basket. Once he started driving the ball to the basket, changed the whole game. You see what I'm saying? Right. And I think sometimes guys is afraid to use that extra energy to, You know, to to, to get to the teeth of the defense, if that makes sense. Yeah, it does. But you look at that's not, that's not Michael Porter Jr.


He's basically who, he's a wing player, he's using the catch and shoot Right. Things like that. He's not looking to put the ball on the floor. Obviously Murray will put the ball on the floor. Kristen Brown can drive the ball. Gordon can drive the ball. Yolk can do some of everything. But that's, I mean, other than Russ. Yeah, but we talked about this at the beginning of the series. You've got to ride the Russ rollercoaster. I mean, you're gonna get a game where he gives you 17 points and six rebounds and five assists. But you also gonna have a game where he plays like this and he is not efficient and he is gonna turn the ball over. That's, you have to accept everything that comes along the good, the bad, the ugly and the indifferent. That's what ru that's who Russell Westbrook is. That's basically what he had been in his entire career. Yeah. He can give you 30, but he can have a double.


He can have a a a a trip do, but he probably gonna have seven to eight assists that comes along with it. We Okay. We're understanding that now we know where we are. We know what we, we hope we know what we gonna get from Russ this. Yeah, but the other guys, I need Murray to be a little bit more efficient. I need Christian Brown to give me more than what he gave me tonight. Michael Porter Jr. Two points won't get it. You cannot play 29 minutes and give the team ten two points that will not cut it. Two points, four rebounds to assist. Not nearly enough. That's not nearly enough against this team. Maybe a, maybe against the Clippers. That was good. And if you go back and look at how he played in game three, he was great.


Yeah, he was, he was great in game three. He was one of the reasons that they won. But this effort that they'd get that Go ahead. Go ahead Bella. Hey. No, I was gonna say, You know, thanks for having me on Nightcap. I gotta catch this connecting flight. I'm in, I'm over here in, I'm in Dubai just coming Where at Dubai. I just left Saudi. Now I'm in connecting Dubai, coming back to la You know, they told me I'd be on a Nightcap. I was like, man, I gotta get on a Nightcap. But I wanna say I want an honor to be on Nightcap. I love everything you doing in the media, Chad. You already know. So good to see. Yes sir. Have me again. I would love to come back on the Nightcap. Absolutely appreciate you stopping by for a few months. Few moments. Metal. Thank you man. Appreciate it.


Go catch that Flight. Thank you. My guys. Alright bro. Yeah. I I ocho look. Yeah, 34 to 19 they got out scored, they were up by eight, they lose by seven. And you, you think about it, they scored 28, 28 30 and then they dipped the 19. That was the not the quarter that you wanted to have your lowest scoring output. No, give the give OKC credit. They're a great defensive team. They can, they switch everything. They can guard. You know, you got Jalen Williams that can guard Lou. Dotnet can guard even when they come in, You know, Caruso can guard, Wiggin can guard Wallace can guard Joe can guard. They do a great job. Chad. And, and Isaiah Hartenstein doing a great job of protecting the paint.


Shaa. It is great at, at, at, at deflecting deflect getting deflection and stealing the ball. Yeah. So they're, they're a very good defensive team. I don't wanna take anything away from 'em, but I do think that Michael Porter, he, he and Christian Brown gonna have to play better if they wanna force a game seven and come back to OKC. I mean, Do, do you make a coaching change? I mean, does a coach make a change? And will Michael Porter Jr. Really not give you anything? Do you have somebody else play? Wait, remember I said I, and, and Joe said he, you and Joe said you don't wanna mess up that and take the, the production that Russ gives you off the bench. I made that recommendation a couple of days ago. Remember? I mean, well at this point, you, you, you definitely gotta do it. I agree. Back against the wall. You, you, you gonna go home one or the other.


If he's that, if he's that injured, hell you can have Russ and Russ can give you what, two points? Yeah. I mean if it Russ gave you four, Russ gave you four in 20 minutes. Right? But guys just gotta be better guys. Gotta be better. I mean the bench for the y the nuggets worth two of eight from the three, that ain't good enough. Nah, that's not good enough. But OKC is one win away from advancing to the Western conference finals. And thanks to a 1 12 1 0 5 victory over Denver Game Fi. Game six is back in Denver on Thursday. Great balance scoring from the thunder.


Six players and double figures led by what we presume will be the MVP Shea Giles. He has 31 points, six rebounds, seven assists, two steals two blocks, and they win one 12 to 1 0 5.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied for 36 months, 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply


Tyrese, Halliburton leaves the pace to the second straight Eastern Conference. Final 31 points, Eight assists six rebounds, 10 or 15 from the floor. Six or 10 from the three point I think in the second quarter. That's what did it. They were down by many in 19. Yeah. And then Hadley hits like five, four or five. Threes flipped the momentum. He drove the basketball, he was sensational. He won this game for him and everybody. I don't wanna take anything away from anybody 'cause I I thought Knee Smith played well. Nihart played well. AKA again ocho.


Yeah Akaka 21 points Knee Smith, 13 points 13 rebounds, miles turner, 10 points, seven rebounds. Nihart 18 points. Halle with sensational plus 27. The highest plus minus. They shot 50% from the floor. They shot 43% from the three point line. And they win this game. They go on the road three games, all three games in the number one seed building. Yeah. They won the ball game and they won it. And clutch situations playing great. Hall was putting the ball on the floor, getting to the basket or he was shooting that Rainbow three that was splashing nothing but net. Yeah, Evan Mobley played great again tonight. He was eight or 12, 24 points.


11 rebounds. You got 11 points. Darius Garland, he's still nicked up four, 16 or six from the three. He had 11 parts, 11 points. Excuse me. Donovan Mitchell played 38 minutes, eight or 25 from the floor. Four 13 from three 15 to 21 from the free throw line. 35 points. I thought what really hurt them Yeah. Is that Donovan got filed on a three point shot and he missed all three of 'em. Mocho. Yeah. He missed all three of them. Max Stru got great cardio and he didn't give you no points tonight. O of nine, O six, no free throws. Vast. Yeah. It Was at some point a, a a at some point in time now.


Hmm. We gotta start holding Donald Mitchell accountable. Now we say he's a superstar and he yet to get past the second round. Yeah. Now he was, they won 64 games this year. Number One, he had a very similar situation in Utah. At what point in time did we say All right Donovan? Yeah. All these, all these acrobatics and 70 points and 57 points in a playoff game and 50 points in a playoff game at some point in time. We need to see that, that progress. Yeah. And you move on to the next round. Go ahead Ocho. Right. I mean hell, Cleveland, Cleveland just shot 38% man, unc from the field of nine they 25% from three. Hell they had 20 3011 turnovers. I mean it took, it took, it took God damn Donald Mitchell shit.


He had 35 points view with eight to 25. It Yeah, It took 25 shots to get, it took A lot of shots to, to even get it. And obviously the inconsistencies with scoring and poor shooting from the perimeter, it, it killed any momentum for them or a chance of the comeback regardless the goddamn pace. But the goddamn pace is everybody in double figures. That's how they do, they do By committee. Everybody, everybody in double figures and everybody contributing. So I mean, You know, no, no, no disrespect to to to brother to to brother's Don the Mitchell. But he can, he can only do su he can only do so much. And obviously Darius, Darius Garland is hurt. You know, it's, it's evident and you can tell. But You know, without, without, without a full rock, there's really no way they gonna play.


I call, I call 'em the four by one team. 'cause that's what they do. They run up and down the court like damn four by one. Huh? They're looking to push the ball make or miss, they take it out the net or they'll take it out of bounds. But they're looking to push the tempo and, and they were doing a great job because they wanna keep the ball outta Halliburton's hand because he's the point guard. I mean, he's the guy that's looking to push the tempo. Yeah. But they did a great job. But he got it going in the second quarter and I think he had like 15, 15, maybe 15, 17 points in the second quarter alone. I think it was 15. I think he had 15 in the second quarter. And I think they were all made threes. Yeah. And he was, he was sensational. He got it going and then once he got it going, they settled in. It's like, and I think the thing was is that once Cleveland couldn't blow them out, they couldn't get any more separation.


Ocho he's like, man, we were up by eight 19, we had the crowd into the building and here they are, they're still standing. Right. We just hit 'em with our best. We hit 'em with a flurry that lasted about 10 minutes and they're still standing. Oh. Oh. LeBron James tweeted Halle effing hooping where the lams who said he was overrated, quiet as hell. That boy nice. Even more someone, everyone would love to play with. Mind the game. Pardon? Tyrese. Halle was voted most overrated player, most overrated by the players and now he's on his way to his second straight conference finals. I think, if I'm not mistaken, they're the first four or lower seed to make back-to-back conference finals ever.


Right. That's why What is, what do you think it is the reason why he's received so much hate? And I don't even think, honestly when it comes to this, if you ask all the players in the NBAI guarantee you none of them voted. I guarantee you none of them actually voted for this. And it's something that's, that that that's construed Up. It's the player's poll ocho that's like saying for, let ask you a question. So the NFL when they say top rating on players, you think they vote? Hold on. When you talking about the NFL I'm talking about, I'm Just asking a player. Player. So if they don't vote for this, they're not voting in the NFL. Correct. Or when the baseball have a poll, who's the best player? They voted. I, I don't remember ever voting. Did you vote? Because I don't you Didn't have that poll. Did they have that, did they have that when you voted, when you played?


I, I don't, I have no idea. I Have How about how far does the top 100 go back? I think it goes back probably like 20 12, 20 13. Oh for real? Yeah. I just, I I just, I just, because if, if you ask, if you ask the NBA players uncle about this boat stuff, you ask 'em if they voted. Oh, Of course they're not going, don't attach their name to it because they smiling in the man face. Oh, okay, I see, I see what you mean. Yeah. You think I would say, yeah, I voted him most overrated. I I just doubt it man. I just think it's something I I think it's something that, that, that, Lemme ask you a question. Well how did they come up with his name? Of all the players there are 450 players in the NBA 1315 players per team. Well, they only Picked, they only listen, You know, they picked the top dogs, right?


They pick the top dogs. So he's a top dog. I think it's just his game is not pretty, it's not aesthetically pleasing to most. Okay. I will say that that's why they saying he's overrated. But, but let's not be disingenuous to say that the players didn't vote. They voted. I Don't think they did. I'm just being honest with you. He can't be as good as he's been all season long and all of a sudden some players in the NBA that respect each other. Unless it's a personal issue. I gonna say, oh, he's overrated. Abso it, it's the fucking name. Oh my bad. It's the NBA, it's the NBA for one. And you respect the player that's as good as he is and has done what he's done. But the problem that you have run into ocho, a lot of players are comparing him to who?


Point guard Steph Curry, who's another point guard. Shea Gil. Just who's another point guard? Luka. Dridge. Right. So when you Okay, I like, I like that you just said that comparison, like I always say is the thief of joy. Right, right. Okay. When you comparison them to Steph and the SGA and all these other point guards, when you wouldn't co you wouldn't say he's overrated, you'd just say he's not as good as them. Everybody just name aesthetically pleasing. Look at Shay's game. Yeah. SGA game smooth as god damn butter. Right. Look, got all the little kids, little infants can't even walk yet. They shooting threes. Yeah. So it's different. Halle Bird, You know, his shot look like Sean Marion. You know, it, it is not pretty.


Look like Horace Grant when you shoot. I mean it's just what it is, but it gets the job done. Yes. In not a beautiful way. It's like, it's like you see a woman, right? You see a nice woman, Shea, You know, she's cute and all sudden she turn around it's like, ah, and not what you thought it was. Right. But it it, it gets the job Done. Right. You, You know what I mean? I what you be Yeah. Yeah. I, But I, but I think what, what I, I think the thing is for me, I do believe, You know, Ocho Yeah. There's a reason why when you vote, you go into a booth so nobody else knows what you're doing. Yeah. I don't like that. We need to get rid of that shit. Oh my bad. I keep cursing. We need to get rid.


I Mean, look at that big guy. I mean, Tyrese, Halliburton got Rudy Gobert, Trey Young, Jimmy Butler, Bradley, bill, Draymond, Ja, jewel, Randall, EMBI, Giannis, Dylan Brooks, Paul, George, Tyler Hero, all these guys were on there. I that's, that's, man, I just, I I Don't know no one who reached the NBA is overrated. True. Because what, what are you basically, because I mean if you're in the league, obviously there's a level to everything. Everybody that works in a Fortune 500 company isn't the CEO. There's not the CFO, they're not the COO. Right? So obviously there's levels to it.


And I think that's the thing is, is that you're thinking, like I said, but every one of the players that's on this list right, has the ability to make players that didn't make this list look foolish. Bingo in The NFL, the worst player player on his best day can make the best player on his worst day look bad. Absolutely. That's the NFL. That's the n That's that, that's A NBA that's MLB. The best pitcher can go out there and pitch 6, 7, 8 shutout innings. But then the best pitcher, excuse me, the worst picture can pitch seven eight shutout innings. The best picture can go out there and pitch a third of it in it and gave up eight hit, gave up eight hit five runs and he's gotten pulled.


So when you looking at it, they're all professionals. Yeah. And Any and any profession professional can make another professional in said profession look foolish. And You know what? I think, especially when it comes to the 1% N-B-A-N-H-L-N-F-L, I think the thing that separates all of the players is consistency. Young. Yeah, For sure. Whoever can do it at a consistent level for a very long period of time. Some, some people are inconsistent with it. They can do it on one night but can't do it on the other. Correct. Consistently just really, really good and really never fall up up underneath that, that medium of god damn, what the hell was that?


It's just always good. And then sometimes it's great. Yes. But you do realize, like, to be great is boring because you're doing the same thing over and over, Over and over and over. I mean, what do you think, what do you Think? You think Steph Curry going to the gym and kicking the ball in the hoop? No, he's shooting threes over and over and over and over again and he's warming up the same way over and over and over again. And LeBron James is doing the same thing over and over and over again. And Tiger did the same thing. I, and, and people like that's boring. Greatness is very monotonous. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Because you go in and do it over and over. It is the repetition and so you don't do it so you can get it right. You do it until you can't get it wrong On. That's what great, that's what great Tom Brady did the same thing for 20 plus years. Any problem saved. I mean he enjoyed doing it, but it was boring because he's watching film, he's going out there, he's getting his band, he's getting his body loose and he's throwing outs and he's throwing stakes and he's throwing gold balls and he's throwing overs and he's throwing flat routes and he's throwing post routes. Right. He's doing that every single day. And the, and the funny thing about it too is you, you talk about people that are great and great at what they do and Yes. Not, it's not even just sports.


Huh? It's not even just sports. No, No, no, no, no. It, it is things that people can apply to their everyday life. But the hard part about it is nobody wants to continue to do the same thing over and over, let alone have the discipline to do it consistently until they become great at something, whatever it be. And that's be every shortcuts. How can I get to my end goal faster? How can I get to my end goal faster? Never really wanting to put the work in, but wanting the end result right away. Because we can get It never last, huh? Never in the microwave society. Ocho Yeah. Because what I can do, I can stick it in the microwave for a minute and it's done. Yeah.


I ain't gotta put it on a stove. I ain't gotta watch it. It ain't gotta simmer. I ain't gotta go back and check it. I just put, Hey, Hey, but listen, it, it, it, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter because anything is, it has instant gratification. It is not sustainable At all. It's like a one hit wonder. It's like, it's like a one hit wonder. I mean, I, I wish I, I I, You know what I, I wish we could like have a, like a Beyonce, somebody that's been great for an extended period of time and tell Beyonce what I mean, what did you do? Because all you hear is about how hard she worked. She knows what she wants. She goes in the studio and she says, okay, I got it. And she does this over and over, over and over, over and over, over and over.


All the grace did it. And people are like, man, how you eat the same thing? Because I want the same result. I don't expect, I don't expect, yeah. I don't expect anything different. You think LeBron James expect anything different than, than the greatness that he's displayed for 22 years? Yeah. You think Tom Brady expected something different from the greatness that he displayed throughout his NFL career? Yeah. Once he got, once he got in there, of course not. That's why he did what he did. And he try, you try to find ways to improve upon that. Tom didn't always do the TB 12 method. He found somebody's like, okay, I'll try it. He has success. He never left it.


LeBron got Mike Macias or Jordan got Tim Grover, Kobe had Grover. Boom. And so it is, it is a, it is, it is a, a greatness re re requires a, not a commitment, but a singular focus. A singular focus. Jordan didn't have no race car team. Yeah. He didn't have all this stuff while he played. Kobe didn't have all these. Kobe was not trying to win no Oscar win. Oscar while he played, he had a singular focus. The greats have a singular focus now. They've branched off now. And when you see guys trying to build their brand and that's fine.


Yeah. But you have to like, I, I Think you get to a certain point you're like well, and I don't really know how much of they're doing. Is that because like, like let's take LeBron for example. He's made Savannah like, I've always wanted to be a housewife. I wanna support my husband. I want him to be the best at what he can do. Do does. I got this at home. Don't you worry about Brony, don't you worry about Bryce, don't you worry about Zuri? I got this. You handle that. Okay, now he has other endeavors. Maverick, you handle that Rich Paul, you handle this Randy, you run the day to day. You make sure I get from point A to point B wherever we need to be.


Boom, boom, boom, boom. He focuses on what he focuses on. You see everything is from LeBron. All LeBron do is come down and eat. Hey Savannah might hand him his jacket or something. He out the door into the, he got a driver. He ain't driving. I told him one time, Hey, I saw him driving. I hit him up. I said, bro, hell, I ain't even know you have driver license. I ain't never seen you drive before. He sent me the boy back laughing. I'm like, damn bro, you, you can drive. You got driver's license. He's like, yeah, yeah I can drive. But but greatness, it requires all encompassing. Yeah. And that's why most people think people that are great, they act there.


You know what they got total vision. But if you notice you ever seen Penguin and pigeons hanging birds of a feather flock together. You don't see Pengu with them. Pigeons hanging. Penguins hang with penguins. Pigeons hang with pigeons. Eagle hang with Eagles. Hawks hang with hawks. That's why you see people of a certain status. Because You know why Brian, Billy once told me, he say, he said Shaa, You know why movie stars marry other movie stars or like, I don't know, maybe don't have said that. He said because the other know what it's like to live in that world.


Mm. They know what it, it's like to jump in and outta character. What they have to go lock in for six months and be something and then all of a sudden, so now when I'm irritable and I'm moody, guess what? My partner did the same thing just last year. So I know what he's going through. She knows what I'm going through. I can relate to it. Yeah, I can relate. Relatability makes sense. It makes sense. But Halle Burton, Halle put on a show tonight. He was sensational and they won this game. Clutch situation. They've been great all game long. I mean you look at two games, Cleveland probably kicking themselves in the butt. Had it had it won and they came back and lost Indiana came back and took both games.


Could we get a rematch of the semifinals of last year in the Eastern Conference? Nick's Pacers, Pacers go into new MSG win game seven. It's gonna be very interesting. I think Brunon got Nick last year, but he's full go now. This is gonna be a great, I look, I don't wanna put the card before the horse, but I do believe at some point in time the New York Knicks are going to advance to the Eastern Conference Finals where they'll face the Indiana Pacers. That's what I do believe, sir. And I think sir, it's gonna be a great, it's gonna be a great series


In honor of military appreciation month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade. In and additional terms apply.


Steph Curry is officially out for game five in Minnesota. That means Golden State treading in the series three one will face elimination without their best, without their best player. Does Golden State win this game tomorrow? I think they wave the white flag. Honestly. I'm JI just honestly think that, I mean, I think they wave the white flag. I don't think they have a chance of winning the game without Steph. If they do have a chance, we're gonna need Jimmy Butler to be Jimmy Butler. We need 'em to be playoff Jimmy. Correct. Some, we need Buddy Hill to be Buddy Hill that we saw Score 30. I forgot what night that was. He got to come out. He gotta have a out body experience, You know. No, you gotta have that game, that game seven in Houston where he scored 33 and then he came back the first game.


And I think the first game, the series when Steph got hurt he dropped 22. Yeah, He he, he gonna have to add something like that. So if anything I headed muscle, it's gonna be a two headed muscle from Jimmy and Buddy. If they're even going to contend and make it a game in general. If not, You know what the fat lady might as well Star singing. I don't know what song she gonna sing, but she might as well star singing. I think the thing is though, man, an man, he gets you down bro. He don't let you up. He, he from the south. He hear, he knows that old saying killing that with a sledgehammer. Oh Yeah. Don't wave at him and shoo him and, and hope he don't come back when you see him right there, you get you a sledgehammer, you hammer his ass. You make sure bro. That's overkill. No it ain't.


And that's how Ant Man is. He got, he had an opportunity to to dispatch book and KD and he did it. He had an opportunity to dispatch Yolk and Murray and he did it. He had an opportunity to dispatch Luca and LeBron and he did it. Yeah. Now he's gonna do, I believe he, I believe they're gonna win. Steph got hurt but it's gonna be a nice, a nice pelt on his, on, on his wall. Yeah. I mean he gotta say, hey, if You know anything about hunting, I'm not a hunter anymore, but hey, they like trophies and so they go, You know, they try to go into Africa and they try to catch, try to get the big seven, the Cape Buffalo or a lion or leopard Yeah. And Whatever the case may be. And they put it on his wall.


That's what he's going for. He a big game hunter. And normally a, when he sets his target on something, when he sets his sight on something, I like it. You don't miss I like it. You don't miss, it's, it's very unfortunate. And we, you see what's happening or it's a war attrition. Yeah, that's what it comes down to. Injury. You see Steph get injured. Donovan Mitchell got nicked. Jay, Jason, Jay, Jason Tatum is out. Ain't nobody feeling sorry for you. They're not. Hey It's unfortunate. Unfortunate.


It's unfortunate. And sometimes when it gets down to this, it's a war of attrition. Ocho. Yeah. Who can, who is the healthiest, who can stay the healthiest the longest? That's what it comes down to actually in any sport. Huh? Now we ain't even talking basketball, whether it be football, NHL no baseball, especially your most important players, your Steph Curry, your Jim Tatums, You know, they give you a chance. Just having them makes you, makes your job easy. Not even it does. Everybody else contribute. Yep. Do that part. And when you mentioned you said play our Jimmy needs to show up. Even if he shows up, he gonna needs one month person to come along with him. Yeah. That's why I said it gotta be buddy.


It gotta be Buddy Minga. Hold On, I forgot about Minga. He done had two games. He two big games back to back. The guy wasted because You know a Jew, Randall and Ant man, You know they what they gonna give you. Yeah. So one Jimmy came out, came out do both of them. So somebody buddy commingle somebody po po is due for a game. Zeki, he hadn't played, he hadn't played Well I'm not breaking news. I'm not interrupting your normally scheduled programming to tell you this. He hasn't played well. He's gonna have to play better if they're gonna have a chance to win this ball game.


Yeah. So they got their work cut out for him tomorrow. I mean, they would love to be in a situation, but at this point in time, even if they win game five, I ain't bringing Steph back. I'm not finna run the risk of hurting that man. And That's why, that's why, that's why I said they weigh a white flag. It's, it's no need. There's no need. Especially being down three one, there's no need to bring him back and put him through that and making him exert that kind of energy to even get us back in the series. This Get healthy. Yeah. Get ready to enjoy your off season step. Take you about two weeks, two two weeks a month off. Go on vacation, you and Aisha take the kids on, go on vacation somewhere, relax, don't even worry about it.


Check back in when you get back in and at at, at the 1st of July. Yeah. According to ESPN, Tims, McMahon, the Mav won't trade the number one pick the Mav plan to select Duke forwards Cooper flag and will not entertain the possibility of trading away the pick for a proven superstar. Yes. There's no no need, there's no need esp, especially not them. You want to piss the fans off even more. You wanna piss 'em off even more. I'm not, I'm not sure they're superstars that you would trade 'em for, but it is, I mean honestly Giannis is a good one, but I I I still, I would do it.


I wouldn't do it. I I I like the fact, the fact of having Kyrie coming back healthy. You got 80, got Cooper flag. Let, let, let's see what they could become before we think about going to get Giannis and I already told Giannis going to Miami, but that's neither here nor there. Rich Paul also says Cooper flag going number one overall to Dallas will allow him to develop on a reasonable timeline as a rookie. I agree. I I think the thing is it would be, it would be more reasonable had Kyrie not gotten Nick. Yeah. Well if Kyrie hadn't gotten Nick, they wouldn't be in this situation to select him. So that's not a here nor there. But I think he might have to pick up that a little sooner because Kyrie's probably not gonna come back until January of 26th.


Right. Because he's coming, coming suffer that knee injury. So him ad they got some, I mean when you're the number one pick ojo expectations are there. Yeah. I don't care how long you could say, okay, a year, two years, three years. But the expectations are you the number one pick. Excuse me. And when you're the number one pick the expectation you're supposed to be franchise altering. Yeah. You're supposed to be generation, you're supposed to be damn near transcendent. You Don't Think you That I don't know, but I'm saying Right. I mean when you think about it, ain't nobody say, oh, LeBron gonna get, be able to develop on his own timeline. Shaq will be able to develop on his own timeline.


Kareem will be able to, magic will be, that is not what they said. Alan Iverson gonna be able to develop on his own timeline ad will be able to develop on his own timeline. Right. That's not what they said. So it's gonna be Yeah, no, I think he can play. I think he's sensational. Oh yeah, He Nice man. Yeah. I mean he's a big kid can shoot the ball, can put the ball on the floor. He gave the US team all they can handle when, when they was getting ready to gearing up for the Olympics. So he's gone against NBA talent. He's played at Elite program. He knows the expectations. When you play out that program, you're number one overall.


So nothing is gonna surprise him. Like, man, I ain't know they expected that from me. Yeah. You're number one overall pick. And when you're no one overall pick, they have lofty, lofty, lofty expectations. Yeah. And, and I, I I believe he I believe he can reach them. I do. Yeah. I think he, he gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. So he's always, he's always been that guy for a very long time. And just obviously his childhood dream is making attend the NBA being the number one overall pick. I don't think there's any pressure on him. At the end of the day it's still basketball. You've been playing it, you've been doing it real well for a very long time. So this is what you wanted now you got Yeah. You gotta show why you number one overall?


Yeah, it's just like in any sport you gotta show. I need to see why you number one overall pick. I gotta see why you are the first round draft pick. I gotta see why you won the tho up award or the player of the year, the Heisman Trophy, whatever the award is on show. We need to see it now. Yeah. Oh, okay. I see why you won that award, but okay, you got that. You like that. Okay, we good because You know the coach go, Hey what, what you think about the draft pick? Yeah, he can play. He gonna be good. I mean once he figured out right now he, you can see he processing it, but once he get it down Yeah. Or He gonna be Yeah, he, he gonna be all he gonna be. You won't have to worry about it. Yeah. I mean how many, how many times can you Think you could probably count on two hands or has it been more than two hands where a player's going?


Number one and it's been absolutely atrocious In football or basketball? Basketball. Anthony Bennett. No, I said absolutely like Anthony Bennett. He was outta the league in a year. Is that atrocious one? Yeah. Well God damn, What you asking? What year was this? Like what the year LeBron left? 2013. It's Oh, it's gotta be old huh? 2013. There been a lot of guys at ocho. He Went number one There. Number one. He was that good, Good and terrible. He was good enough to go number one and bad enough to be guy of the league.


It must've, must've been up here though. Had to be something mental. I don't know what it was. Who else? Mike Ola, candy Kwame, Greg Olden. Greg Olden was injured. He, he had Greg old Nee I remember that. I Look Kwame, I don't think Kwame was bad. He just, for whatever reason he went to the wrong situation. He went to a situation where Jordan wanted a vet and Jordan like thought you, he should know. And there are things that Kwame didn't know and there was no one there willing to teach him. Right. And so he didn't get, he didn't get like if he went somewhere now that had that, that had a, a, let's just say Kwame had gone to the, the Spurs.


Yes, sir. Where they'll give guys, they'll work with a guy and give you an opportunity to grow. I mean, sometimes you go on the team Ocho, like you go to the Patriots. The Patriots ain't give nobody no time to grow. You come in as a first round pick. Right. Just issue up and be ready to play. Right. That's It. And so I think that was the thing with Kwame. I, I think he went to the wrong place. He needed to go somewhere where they was going to give a, give the rookie, give a a first round pick or a high draft pick, an opportunity to mature, to grow. That ain't what Jordan Jordan like Now I ain't got that kind of time, bro. And every, and think about it, he went where he, then he goes to Kobe. You know, You know Kobe, You know what Kobe on, he on the same stuff Jordan on.


Yeah. That's, that's, that's too back to back. Okay. Mark Kes fault. Oh no. But he bounced back though. False. Right. Yeah. Ocho, you do realize, like when you are a number one overall pick, they expect you to be a, a, a, a. They expect you to be an all NBA an all star, Right? Oh yeah. Pervis, he grew up. Yeah. I mean, I know Perv personally. He from Savannah went to Louisville, led him to the national championship as a freshman beat Duke. Damn. Never. Well, they call him never nervous, but then he stayed hurt so much. They say outta service purpose, man. You know how they do, man. You know, they'd be giving you deep day, hey.


But yeah. Then it is just the expectations. Ocho and with anything, when you go first overall, because Ocho ain't one. Yeah. You the first, you the you number one. Yeah. Baseball, you look at a guy like Josh Hamilton had talent out the yin ynk. Right. I watched him in the home run derby at, at old Yankee Stadium. Hit it out the stadium. Stadium. But the demons got a hold of him, Ocho and You know, even though he early on, he got selected. Number one offer to raise. He got a got tangled up, he got clean, came back, hit three 50, won the run. The, won the MVP.


He got him again. Ocho. Yeah. Now he, You know, Broke. Yeah. Yeah. Once, once they get ahold of you, aunt, man, It's hard. Every day. Ocho every day. Think about it, Ocho you can be sober for 10 years straight One time. You have to drive by a bar, a package store every day for the rest of your life. Yeah. Not turn around, not put the blinker on and go inside every day. You can't be around it. Yeah. If you, if, if you were, and I, you can't, man, you can't go hang on the corner with your boys if You know what they do.


Right. My girlfriend used to always tell me and my brother boy association bring on Simsim Association brings on assimilation. Mm. You hang around people long enough, they're doing stuff, you'll start to do it. Also, it's hard to run in that circle. It's hard to run in that circle where people are doing things that You know aren't Right. And then you just walk away. 'cause eventually, like, sh man, this is just one time and that's the time to get you right. It's just that one time that you decide. So birds of a feather do flock together. Pengu, withs and pigeons don't hang. That's what I'm saying. So is it, You know, a lot of time, so You know, you with your boy man, I been, man, I been knowing.


Oh man, being ocho man. We grew up in the sandbox. Right. I been knowing Ocho man, Ocho 1 67, 1 60 third and fifth ocho. Man, I, I throw grandpa because grandma, my grandma go to church together. So it's that tie man. Man. Aren't your cool man? Aren't your good people. Yeah. That's why associate with someone long enough. That's It. Association brings on assimilation. That's a good One. I I just, I'm just thinking and just, just hearing examples. Just, just throughout life in general, You know, just, I'm not even speaking hypothetical. I'm just saying why, see, you see certain people hanging with certain individuals and, and, and them knowing, well that ain't your company.


That's not the kind of company you need to be keeping because You know that, that you don't even rock like that. So why you even associated with that? But O Joe, I ojo. I I don't want to turn my back. O you O Joe. I been knowing you man. OYI been knowing you all my life, Right? Ocho, we went to church together. I still go. You don't go no more. But I still go. Hey, Hey. So that's, that's the, that's the problem that people were, what do you hear Ocho? Yeah. He started hanging with that wrong that crowd. Yeah. Yeah. It had got it caught up in some, some foolishness, some bull job that it shouldn't have been in.


And all it takes is one, all it takes is one time. One time. That's how it always happens. That's it. Because, oh, You know, as an athlete, we don't think anything's gonna happen to us. We think we are invincible. We see stuff that happened out there in the real world and say, ain't no way. It could never happen to me. I'm proof. Yeah. An anonymous player on the Nugget says, Russell Westbrook is immature Herbert Ramona Shelburn. According, according to Ramona's article, he reported minutes after the Nuggets lost game two in the first round series against the Clippers. Edelman had a problem while he had been at post-game lectern. There had been a heated discussion between Westbrook and Gordon in the locker room.


Multiple sources told ESPN. Gordon had challenged Westbrook about his attitude outside the locker room. One player relayed why Gordon might have done so. He's so immature. He said, of Westbrook first, Russ White Nina came to defense on ig. Why the Nug nuggets title holds might hinge on a volatile player in the NBA. You should be ashamed, volatile. You should be ashamed for so many reasons. I'll let you decipher them. Jay Williams doesn't want to hear excuses for Nicola Yoki that Oh this, who said, oh, this is what she wrote at Ramona. She, ESPN dirty work when put on Ramona, how could you share and spread so many lies randomly for no reason.


And with such conviction you using his name for clickbait during the playoffs. Which is ridiculous. Trust me. I know the facts about every, about literally everything. Normally I let you guys tell your silly lies in peace enough already. Stop with the lies. Go nuggets. Hey, I, You know, players do, do get into it all the time. You know that They do. They do. They do. I'm not sure why, why is this even, why is this even nude? Okay. There's a disagreement. Okay. I don't, I don't, I don't like the way you act sometimes mean it's just, that's lunch. Its that's sport for people that have never been a part of a locker room or any type of organized activity.


This happens all the goddamn time. Yeah. Even news. Hell shit. I'm sure it was some time Carson didn't like some of the stuff I did. Yeah. I'm sure was time where Coach Lewis didn't like some of the stuff I did. What did they tell me? Hey, well I don't like that, but, and I need you to chill a little bit. Shit, big Willie, big Willie told me, stop talking to the demons of lineman in tv timeouts. You don't have to deal with them. I, Hey big will shouldn't be that big of a deal. I'm just talking shit. He said, yeah, you talking trash, but we gotta block Them. Yeah. You talking to trash that people you ain't gotta block. Right. So I, okay, okay. I get it.


There was some things that, I mean, it happens. You have, you have, You know, little riff wraps and Okay. They got into it. So what? Yeah, I I I've been very fortunate to be in locker rooms when stuff didn't get out. Yeah. I, I think now, You know, I don't know if people pillow talk. I don't know. Hey, Everybody chatty Patty boy. Yeah. Everybody, they can't wait. And it's a certain player that knows all the goddamn reporters and always wanna leak some stuff. Yeah. Oh, it always come from about somebody inside the, inside the house. Yeah, because I, I was look, that, that's one thing.


How was work? It was work. I, I mean, what we practiced, we met, we practice. Oh. Such and such, such and such. Called and said. I said, I don't know nothing about that. And I don't go no further. I know somebody called you and said this, but don't you call somebody else and say that. Right. Because I don't want that issue coming up because, 'cause at the end of the day, you are a representation of me. Keep your mouth closed. What somebody else got going on that ain't got ish to do with you. You worry about this house. Right. All that other stuff that's going on out there that ain't got nothing to do with you. Mm. What did you I don't know about nothing. It ain't my business to know.


It's my business to know Shannon's business and what goes on here. What you doing? That's my business. All that other stuff, what they're doing. I let them worry about that because I can't control their house. I ain't in their house, so I don't know what you're talking about. Well, he said, well she, I don't see that. That's the problem right there. He said, and now you repeating it. I, I, I don't, I don't get down like that. I don't wanna hear nothing about what's going on in somebody else's house. If it's not football related, I ain't got nothing to do with it. Huh. Yeah, No, I'm a, I'm like, like, Hey bro, all all I'm saying, I ain't gonna go a, you need to, you need to tie your screws down a little bit.


You are a little loose out here mad. The sharp. What you mean what you mean? Hey, sharp, don't go out. But if sharp know. Yeah. How did he know? Okay. Yeah. So I'm going Oh, okay. Okay. You right, you right, you're right, you're right. Okay. That's all I'm saying because I'm telling you, You know, be, I don't know how you do it wherever you were, but Mike ain't gonna play that. Mike will get rid of your ass. Yeah. Quick, quick, quick, quick. So anything that's going, that's gonna take your focus away from, from, from from winning ball games.


Right. Not being attentive. You know, look here, that's one thing. Hey, you came to work at, hey, when you went to Dub Valley, Bronco Parkway Park, you went to work, all that, all that, all that other stuff. And because I see, I try to tell, I try to warn them because we had, see we one of the first teams that had cameras throughout the whole building. Yeah. In meeting rooms, big meeting rooms, training. I said, y'all do know y'all run outta here, y'all get on the phone, y'all run outta here and you get on your cell phone, man.


I said, okay. Hey, hey. You know what I'm saying? Oh, hey, hey listen, I'm la I'm, I'm laughing 'cause I'm guilty, boy. Hey you, hey. You know people, people like, okay, no, that's what my grandma, my grandpa wasn't she like just Bernard? Huh? Hey, hey, well, hey, hey you boy, you brought back some memories, boy, you brought back memories. Oh, Joe, yeah. For that time. Yes sir. I didn't have to be, I wasn't on special team, but on Friday, so Friday they was like, hey, and, and, and special teams coach would always say, Hey, we're gonna do hands team, so don't worry about it. We'll go over it. Just be out there on the field, blah, blah, blah. Right.


So I didn't really have to get to meetings till, You know, nine o'clock. But anyway. Okay. We got a break, so, You know, we got a big meeting, Mike. We got the big thing. And then we gonna break up and defense gonna go in the area. Offense stays here. And then after the offense, we're gonna be okay. We got a 10 minute break. 'cause we gonna break up an individual. Right. We gotta tight ends the running backs to wide receivers.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms. Apply


That man. Sharp man. You ain't man, you ain't never on the phone, man. You what I mean. Damn. I said lemme ask you a question. Where do you think my girl think I'm at? Where do you think I think she's at? Because see, y'all calling to check up. If I gotta do that, I gotta give me a new girl. I don't, I ain't call to check up on you. Yeah, you don't call to check up on me. As a matter of fact, my phone was off. Now if something like, look, my phone was off.


My nephew passed. They called, my sister called the Broncos. My phone was off. They said, Shannon, such and such, Mike need to see you. Dang. They came, I went, I said, yo, what's up? Mike said, your nephew passed. Said, oh, so your sister said she's been trying to get in touch with you. I said, okay. I called her, called her. She said, she outta my baby. Gone. She's like, all right, I'll be there. I went, I said, Mike, I gotta go say all right, just lemme know when you're coming back. I went home, took care of my sister got got that situated.


Yeah. I came, that was like a Saturday. I got back that, That Wednesday. Right. I'm all business, bro. When I'm at work, I'm at work. I ain't talking to nobody on the phone. I ain't doing all that stuff. I had do all that. Hey, and now I'll talk, You know, because it was two hours difference in time. So I'm going to work. I might call my sister or once I got done with work before it got too late, 'cause You know it's already, You know, seven o'clock, my grandma going to bed. If I wanted to talk to my granny, I was like, Hey, lemme put granny on my phone right quick. But other than that, no. I, I ain't, I ain't about that. All that talking and, and at like, I'm at work, Ocho, what am I doing at work? Yeah.


Wade, boy, you, you better than me. Boy. We got Two different approaches for it. Hey, hey, listen, when we hit, when we leave that big Team meeting and we got That, like that 10 minute break before we go to, to the, to the office meeting. Yeah. I'm on that phone, bro. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm gonna be honest with you, scrolling. Oh, I, oh you, Yeah. Yeah. I'm scrolling Twitter, I'm scrolling, You know, because this, this, this toward toward the end. You right. You know, I got Twitter by that, by that time 2000, 2008, 2009, 2010. Man, I'm all on there, man. I'm having a good time, You know, sending my tweets out and boom, I'm going to a meeting. Now I don't take my phone with me to the meetings, but once I hit that meeting room, well I'm, I'm strictly business. Well, You know. Oh yeah, yeah. I never took, I never took a phone in meeting.


Yeah. Yeah. Hey, well boy, when that, when we got that break? Oh, well listen, now You know how black folk are. When we get a break, boy, we break. Oh. Oh yeah. Hey, I ain't, I ain't play boy. You give me a Break, boy. I'm going to Joan. Huh? I'm going to Joan, I'm, I'm, I'm ragging on somebody. That's what I'm going to do. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's what we going to do then. Austin res Austin Rivers said cut to BS and name your source when speaking on another player's character. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. Ocho. Yeah. Hey, listen man, y'all killing me with this anonymous. Seriously? No, no more of that. I, I, I don't want any more people talking about they heard such and such about a player due to an anonymous source or I heard some, You know, this guy wants out or he wants to be traded.


He wants to be signed here. He's unhappy. I heard that guy's not, You know, a pleasure to work around. Says an anonymous source. Enough of the anonymous. If you're gonna speak on a player's character, y'all gonna come out here and talk about a player's personal, You know, life and certain things about 'em. Either say it with your chest and say that you feel this way or if you're gonna quote somebody else, say their damn name, I'm tired of the anonymous. That's never gonna happen. Because if you did that, you would never get any information. Well, this how about, how about not having to get information? The people that have something to say actually come out and say it. If you don't like something, just come out and say it. If you, if you it, it, it's, it's pretty simple. You know?


I think, I think it's like keyboard warriors, You know, people on Twitter talking trash and You know, You know, you can't get to 'em. So they say whatever they want to because they know it's the internet. I think, You know, from media or analysts or pundits that have issue with players or players having a issue with, with analysts or players having a big issue with players. I think we need to be, like I told y we need to start just telling the truth. Just being honest. Just being upfront. One of the biggest, I think, I think we'll make the world a better place. Do You know one of the biggest stories in American history with an anonymous source? Have you ever heard of water? Watergate? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Watergate. Watergate. Watergate. You Know, that started with an anonymous source.


Right? Can you imagine had that anonymous source hadn't stepped up, what would've happened? Can you imagine? Can you possibly fab what the CIA was doing with those taps to Dr. King? Can you imagine? Yeah. I ran contra. I mean, did that ring a bell? Anything? Mm. Did you realize if it not were for whistleblowers and anonymous source, you would've never known nicotine was addictive and they was putting it in your tobacco, in cigarettes and chewing tobacco for the longest time. If it wasn't for an anonymous source and the Tuskegee study.


So be careful when you tell people to shut up because they, oh, can you imagine if people never said a word, what kind of predicament we would be in? Are we sure? And I, I get it. I get it. You speaking this. I get it. But are you sure that's what you want? Yeah. I mean, they listen, they would never be quiet anyway. 'cause You know, people can't hold water. Huh? People can't, people can't hold water. They just Can't. I, I think in certain situations they should look, I, I, look, I get it, but this has been going, they make it seem like it is like an anonymous source just happened in the last five years. Right. Do they understand?


First of all, it used to be a situation where the reporters would never tell what a player was doing. And they saw it used to be, You know what, Hey, I saw that. Hey, you see me? I see you Keep it moving. And, and I, it, it is not like that anymore. Ojo. It's not because everybody, everybody see the thing is now it's not about being right, it's about being first. Mm. That's a good one. I gotta be first to get this story. Oh, it's competition. Yeah. Just in case I am. Right. Yeah. Do you understand how much money these networks pay for these insiders?


Yeah. That's why they can't turn their phone off. Even chef to doing an interview phone going out there. I gotta take this call. I gotta step away. See, people are see you mad at the amount of you, you mad at the person that's delivering the information. You not mad at the person that told y'all think how many times the batam chef have been wrong. When you say a trade's gonna happen, a coach is about to be fired or somebody's about to do this. You right. We need, we need basketball reporters and they talk about aid. LeBron James going, going to leave Cleveland and LeBron James gonna leave Miami and LeBron James gonna leave Cleveland and Kevin Durant leaving, leaving OKC.


Yeah. Hey, how many times? Think about it. Everything I've said, how many times I've been wrong At this point in time for me, OII just don't say anything. Yeah. I just, I just, I just say it and just walk away because if I play something, they gonna know that I'll let 'em discredit me. Well, you don't know. You're not in the locker room. Okay. People might say I talk a lot, but they don't say, I don't know what I'm talking about. But that's not my job. My job is not to break news. I don't get paid for that.


Yeah. I don't get paid. I'm not an insider. I don't get paid for that. But I do like to get information. So when I go on air and I talk about something or I come over here and talk about something, I feel very, very confident that people are not gonna ref refute what I say. Right. Hey, it, it pays, pays to know. It pays to know the right people. It does never, never, never burn No bridges off. You never know when you need people. I would never give, I would never give, I don't give a damn. They got me in a court of law. I ain't telling. Right. That person, that person gave me that information Right. Is going to my grave.


Hey, on the Hey. Off the record. Off the record. Off the record bro. Put it in your words. Right. Gotcha. Done deal. But the anonymous sources are not going to go away. No, it never will. It's been around Long time. But because people wanna know Ocho people wanna know. Yeah. People wanna know. Man, I wonder what Giannis is gonna do. The Giannis watch is on who gonna make a deal? Who's interested in Giannis? Where does your Giannis want to go?


That might be the case I told you, But people pe people gonna wanna know and not when he not with don't your I don't wanna know. Hell, I don't wanna know what, what old sinners drop it tomorrow. Nah, I need some previews. I need somebody talking about it like a week, a month in advance. And lemme get a little trailer too while you at it. Yes. That's how it works. But I get, look, I get it Austin, that, You know, they're talking about Russ. Look for me. I don't think this, this is not the first time that people have, have said stuff about Russ. Russ is used to it now. And his wife Nina has every right to defend. Her husband aint got no problem either way.


The funny thing about Russ boy, but Russ don't give two, no two. You know what? Shouldn't He don't care. He he he'll respond to you when he get ready though. Yeah. To let You know he don't give to You know what? Yeah, exactly. So look, I mean, that's not like earth shattering news. Look, Russ has a, You know, a, his personality is, You know, sometimes comes off as abrasive, but that doesn't take away from the fact he's one, the 75 greatest players that ever play in the NBA every y'all want. Everybody want everybody to get along every, there are different. I mean, people have different personalities and when you bring, I don't care. Hell, you don't even get along with all, everybody don't get along with their own family.


You think I'm gonna get along with somebody that, that, that I don't know that from a different background, different state, different socioeconomics or, or or whatever. That's just the way it is. Ocho Yeah. That's why it's so hard to win. Because no matter what ocho, Baptist, Presbyterian, Catholic, a Jehovah Witness, Muslim, whatever the ca Judaism, whatever the case may be, right? We gotta common goal. So I gotta take all these different religions, all these social socioeconomic backgrounds. Yeah. I gotta take all these different personalities. I gotta take all these, You know, orientations or whatever the case may be. And I gotta have one common goal.


Yeah. One, it ain't easy. Nah. Because think about you get your family, you got a family of five. Get everybody to agree to what y'all want to eat tonight, man. Good luck with that. And you Think you about to get 53 players or you about to get 15 players or your baseball 29 players to agree and everybody get along. No, it ain't gonna happen. Not even realistic. Common goal. All I want. You wanna win? That's all I care about. Is it all that other stuff on your I don't care about. I don't care about none of that until it starts to impact winning.


Yeah, bro, I don't care. That's your life. You live it. You good with it? If you like it, I love it. All I wanna do is all I wanna know is that you wanna win. That's it. The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift cards sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade in or promo credit applied for 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.