
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone. This is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Waken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. The story behind the Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood Movie, but that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, all the Biggest black Artists that on the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are Talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke, The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon that's called Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Bucks beat the Sixers tonight. OCHO and B did not participate. But The So he not doing no back though. He not doing no back To back right now He ain't doing no front to front either. And the NBA A, the NBA A, the NBA is going to investigate. Is going to investigate. Sean's reported he played at the Olympics but can't play week one. MB was ruled out without a specific injury designation for the team. Describes as left knee management, the NB a's like, hold on the Olympics been over for two months. Right, right, right, right. You okay one game?


Yeah, he might, he might listen. He might have trained something in practice and we don't know about it. He's a look, he's a large man. Yeah. You talking about 7 7 1 7 2. He's at least 300 plus pounds. Well, he 300 he not, When you that tall you can hide a lot. Weight. Weight. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. But you know, think about Shaq, right? When you see Shaq and you say he's seven one, almost 300 or two 90. No, Shaq like 3 55. Yes. Shaq was three. No, I'm I'm talking about right. He's 3 55 right now.


I'm talking No, he played, Shaq came to league. Shaq was probably three 15, But he looks solid. He's Solid though. You know. So you look at it, Look at B you O We looking at three 15 on the offense or defensive lineman. That's 6 4 6 5. He's seven Right, baby wide. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. So he's, He's six seven inches taller. Yeah, than that. That a than a that a than a than a NFL. That a NFL player? Yeah. I just, I just don't, when I look at him beat, I just don't see no 300. Right. Oh he, he, yeah, he three 20 probably 3 25. He gotta get that weight up off.


If he get that weight up off of him and bring it down a little bit, it help his, it help his knees max. It would, but Oh Joe, he eating, like you say he eating McDonald's. He own a he Joel and be he eating ma he eating, he eating Big Mac. He eating chicken sandwiches. They giving him, they giving him therapy. He on the table, they massaging his ankle and while doing his eat and he eating Big Macs and he eating fries. Okay. That's how he won that MVP then. That's what it is. That's what it comes From and see and now that's what he does. He won it right there. See that? See? And he played ain't played first game. Can't play back to backs. You do remember he milk like his first cup of seasons though though? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Eating big match. Yeah, the injury book. I remember eating a Big Mac injury book. He was eating Big Mac. Nah, he Ain't had do it ain't had nothing to do with nutrition ain. Nothing do With that. Well, ain nothing to do with nutrition. You was just prai demand for eating Big Mac with an mvp. I I'm, I'm just telling you, he he had a special diet, the, the, the year. Oh. He went MVP last, that last year. Right. Years ago, two years, two years ago. He told me about his nutritional plan and, and, and thanked me for, you know what, because of you. That's what why I was able to accomplish what I did. Now what he, I'm I'm just, I'm just telling you what he told me. I'm not telling you what I know, I'm telling you what I heard, but he, he gonna, he gonna be all right though. He gonna be all right. And then just because of the weight, I kind of understand him not wanting to play the back to back and being able to play a com a what I consider a full season for him.


If, if you don't have to play back to back. I mean Well, I mean the N NBA A would, the NBA would love it that if that, if he did, because guess what, they pay back to back. Hey, hey, you know what, they could be nasty too. You know what they gonna do? They could say, well if you don't, if you don't wanna do back to back game, the games you don't miss, how about you don't get paid, Man, the the NBA PA ain't going for that. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I understand. I understand. But I'm just saying Yeah, I get it. I think because, because because it, because of its size. Yeah. And tear up and down corner to put on somebody of his size. I I get it, I get it. That what was so impressive about Shaq, if you notice Shaq didn't really start having injuries until, you know, as he started getting older and he wasn't in the condition that he needed to be in.


Right. But when Shaq was young, Shaq was playing, Shaq was playing 75 games up and down the court. Orlando Shack? Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Even, even the first like couple of years with, with the Lakers. But that, look, as you get older, it's kind of like Ocho when you play in a cold, when you play like play in the Cincinnati, you play in Green Bay, it is harder to get that weight out 'cause you, as you get colder, you don't sweat as much, you bundle up. Yep. And so now all of a sudden you find your weight starting to start to creep up. And that's something I I really never had no problem with. You know, my weight was, you know, even as I started to get older, Mike said, you want to situate a little higher?


I said, nah, I like, I I like the discipline of, of what it forces me to do. Right. No, I don't want don't don't gimme no, don't gimme no out. Lock me into this. And so as you get older ocho it gets harder as you get older, you gotta eat better or you gotta work out harder or you gotta do both of those. Yeah. And so, and it's hard man, when you get injured, 'cause here's the thing, think about it, Ocho you get in your best shape. What are you doing? You working out, you get injured, working out, what can't you do? Work out. You can't work out. Yeah. So now All that weight that you lost because you working out eating well, You gain it right back.


Yep. Gain it right back. You do. Lonzo Ball had five points in his bulls first game since 2022. His first regular season game in more than two years, he had a cartilage transplant in his left knee. March of 23. Lonzo Ball, five points for assists, two rebounds in 14 minutes. And at 1 23, 1 23, 1 11 loss they lost to the Pelican. That's, that's lying man medicine man. Tcho. Now what's the difference? See now, now I I I'm glad you brought this up. Now, now what's the difference in Lon Lonzo ball's injury and what's going on with Quad Leonard? So whatever Lonzo Ball, I'm sure boom. Kawhi need to holler at whoever the doctor is, even though it did take two years.


But the fact that he's able to come back now and play shoot Kawhi need to holler at whoever Lonzo people is and get that handle. Yeah. Kawhi like 33 Lonzo like 25. Oh shit. Dang. I, I, I mean I, this is my first time they probably got, that's, I don't know if they grew it or that's a, a cadaver, you know, because like, you know, sometimes you know, you, you organ donor and you know you have cadavers that they take body parts, they take ligaments and stuff and they, and they, ah, so I'm trying to figure out, it'd be interesting to ask you if you could look that up. Was that a cadaver or did they grow it?


'cause I know they've been trying to grow ligaments in a dish, but you know, anytime you put something foreign in the body, the body's gonna attack it like, you don't belong here. Get your ass out. And so that's how you have to take medicine to, you know, to, to fight the infect, you know, to fight because your body wants to attack a foreign object that's in your body like that you weren't born here. Get your ass up outta here. Right. Well you, you know what, you've had, you've had multiple surgeries, you've had, you've had injuries obviously during your career. Have you had anything that you had to come back from, from a long time and still and still play? I'm not talking about once you were done like an injury that like, you know what, damn, I'm down.


I'm gonna get this surgery, I'll get this procedure and then it would took you a while to get back. No, I I've never had anything like, had a surgery in season that required me to come back from. Right. Yeah. I had sprained ligaments that, that I ended up having to come back from during the season. But I missed, you know, I miss a, I miss a month. Let's just say I miss a month. I dislocated my elbow. Okay. I missed a month. That was the most difficult thing that I had to come back from Ocho. But normally, you know, sprained ankle or something like that, you miss a game and then you come back. It's hard though. It's hard because the speed of the game and now all of a sudden you gotta cut back up again and it, it, it, it's tough.


Very difficult man. It's tough, very Difficult. And I think I missed, when I dislocated my elbow, I missed four weeks and all of a sudden I went, I think I have no pads on. So as I start to ramp back up Ocho I'm wearing my pads 'cause I gotta get back used to wearing pads. Right. So that's the process. Now I gotta get back used to wearing pads. I've been out of pads for two weeks, three weeks. So, okay. I know we got a target date, so now I start putting the pads on getting used to my pads. I got a big brace on my elbow. I gotta get used to wearing that on my elbow. Trying to catch, knowing I can't extend but so high because I got this brace that's only gonna let me extend so much because I don't wanna run the risk of dislocating him again.


But it's, it's, it was a donor. Okay. It was a donor that, so it was a cadaver. Okay. That's lie. That's dope Man. I'm telling you. Medicine is unbelievable man. And he probably, Hey, hey, do we know if he went overseas or was the, If he got a Listen, tell, tell Khi, tell Qua come take my knee, come take my good knee. I don't, I don't need it right now. Tell him give back after, after, after, after basketball season give back because I gotta play soccer Because you know some sometimes they do that. They do that with acls. They'll get it from a cadaver With ACL L?


Yeah. Oh man, let me knock on wood man. Man. Oh yeah. Thank goodness I ain't gonna deal With that. What medicine is unbelievable. Oh, what these doctors can do Now Listen, listen, medicine and technology is so far advanced. That's why I don't understand a situation like Brother Kawai. How is it not resolved? But you as advanced as we are in every damn thing. Not just medicine, just everything. But Here's the thing, like you said, everybody ain't willing to take those, those steps or go to that extreme. The right, like you said, you wasn't taking no needles.


Everybody don't wanna take them injections. Everybody ain't gonna go to the umpteenth degree to try to get back out there. Lonzo says I wanna play. Okay, well we, we got this, we got this surgery, we can get a, we can get a, some cartilage from a cadaver and Oh okay. Maybe Kawhi. Okay. Not without knowing, but I'm saying but everybody, everybody ain't ain't willing to go that go that extra mile ocho to get back on there. Right. Okay. I got it, I got it, I got It. His brother also made a return from injury as well. Lalo Ball had 34 points, 11 assists and eight rebounds to lead the Hornets to a 1 10, 1 0 5 win over Houston. The Hornets are counting on Lam Melo to be on the court a lot more than he has in recent years as the attempt to end an eight year playoff drought.


He just, hey he phenomenal. He nice boy gotta Stay healthy. He nice. But you think 'cause his frame, he, 'cause he's so small we really can't blame, we can't really can't blame blame his frame and him being small. 'cause hell, AI AI was small just like that too. Yeah. I mean they ain't, they see Lonzo and Melo. See Jello built like LaVar. He got a football body. Right, right, right. I dunno if you've ever met LaVar. LaVar, but LaVar has a football body wide. He got wide shoulders, he got big legs. He built like a football player Sir. Lonzo and, and, and Mellow a thin frame.


Mm. And see, I mean, rolled his ankle and Mellow was out for the rear year. Lonzo had that knee. And maybe, maybe it's a situation where he both maybe tried to come back too soon because when you an athlete on show you, you your mind you I wanna play, I wanna get out there. You Trying get on that court trying to get on that court. Yeah, for sure. Absolutely. But it's, it, I'm glad, I'm glad to see both brothers are back. Hopefully mellow can stay healthy. They can make some noise. I like and and the guy that got from Alabama, what was the, the other guy with him and Meow, they could make some noise. Oh they, they, they could make some noise. I I'm not saying they going do anything.


All I like Orlando tonight. What's Yeah, Brandon, Brandon Miller from Alabama. He he can go. Oh yeah. Yeah. He can go. Hey he Nice. Yeah. Yeah. He go he nice. And while I was watching a little bit of the, the Orlando game, Orlando beat the brakes off the, off the heat and they dedicated the, the court to Pat Riley? Yeah, Palo Ben Carroll. Oh he oh yeah, he gonna be, oh he gonna be the deal. He gonna be the deal with. Oh yeah, you nice. You ain't had to say they beat the brakes off the heat.


You ain't have to say it like That. They beat no brakes off them though. It's one game. Okay, well maybe you get some, get some new, get some new brakes. Lemme you got them beat off. Hold on. Lemme ask you quick. When it come to the east, who you think coming out East Man. Boston look good. Boston look good. Ocho Boston look good for the next five years. 'cause you gotta realize, look at their players. JT is probably 25. JB probably 27, 28. You still got Derrick White. You still got holiday player on the left. Elite level Pinga.


As long as Pinga stays held big Al. And then Big Al is up in age. But what they ask him to do, he could play a couple of years. They, they built for the next three years, but they gonna be a tough hour east for sure. And they homegrown. Yeah. I-I-I-I-I like, I like, I like, I like it. I like the Celtics. You listen defending NBA champions. But you know I'm from Miami. Man. If I got anything to say about it, I'm not sure if we have enough weapons. Y'all don't enough. I have power. Well y'all got, first of all, you gotta keep what you call him Healthy Who? Bam or Jimmy Tyler Hero.


Tyler Tyler Hero. Yeah. And, and Jimmy. Yeah. Bam, bam there bam, bam, bam. Straight Bam gonna be there. But Jimmy, you gotta keep Jimmy healthy. But Jimmy kind of coast through the regular season and then he turns it on once he gets to the playoffs Playoff Jimmy, Tyler Hero. Yeah. He turned it into somebody completely different. And you remember Pat Riley told, he told Tyler Hero, bro, you gotta stay healthy. We paying you money to play. Right.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone, Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast. Wake and Jake, it's your go-to spot for anything and everything, sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on waking and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport. We're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Wake and Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Makeba. I shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some FO Ks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, fan Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlamagne the God. We're gonna take some bureau questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Brandon Jennings revealed he stopped playing basketball because friends and family constantly asked him for money. He went on White Howards pod and said that some friends and family started viewing him as an at TMI had to walk away from the game too because family and friends, it got too much about money. And basketball is my freedom and my basketball is my therapy. But once basketball becomes a job and people start to look at it as a job, atm, it kind of gets depressing. I mean, no matter who you are, you don't want to be looked at as a cash cow. I have a lot of people tell me, man, you don't really care about me. How you say you love me? We family, we cool, we friends.


And what I need you, we talked about this Ocho you don't give me Oh yeah, no money. Yeah, I don't give a dad. Yeah, listen, it'll drain you. Boy. Family will drain you. They know no limits and will not stop. And all you're doing is, is you are enabling them. The more you give, the more you give, the more you have to keep giving. Yeah. Your friends, you have these entourages. I I see people always walking around with these entourages. You know, you got a bunch of people and I understand the people you grew up with. You always wanna keep it real as as as, as people may say, man shit, you are a fool. My grandma say one thing. What a fool in this money shall soon. Part ways. And one of the, and one of the easiest ways for it to part ways is the wrong people around you.


The wrong people around you, the wrong women you're dealing with. Huh? The ones you having to chase The one that, oh, I ain't going 50 50. Yeah. Okay, well good luck. Enjoy it. The better it look, the better it look, the worse it is for you. Yeah man. Come on now. Hey listen, the better it look, the worse it is for you. But That's what I need Ocho See the, see the difference between you and you and me. See you like things that's good for you. I like things. That's good to me. Hey, but hey, it is difficult, huh? It's, it's very, it is, it's very difficult because as, as, as dudes, especially when you are young, you get caught up, you get all this money and you don't want to tell people no.


And before you know it, and when you look up because you're making so much money right now. Or you gonna look up, man, 5, 6, 7 years from now where my money go. But god damn what happened? You know them chains and watches that jewelry, them nightclubs them trips. Yeah. The bottles, them Purses them bottles, you know, going in the club spending 67, 80,000. That shit go fast. Yeah. But I, but if you, if you have no financial discipline and you think just 'cause I'm making 30 or 40 a year, unc it go fast, boy. You got your ojo. And the thing with family friends, like, man, I don't know what happened to all that money.


I gave it to your punk ass. That's what happened in my money. Hey, they'll never understand. They'll never understand. 'cause the little bit that you, the little bit that they do make, they can't manage that. Yes. They can't manage that. So You can't manage your income. And somehow you want me to like supplement your income Now you wanna police mine, Man, if I man, if I was you see, that's why you ain't got it. Yeah. I already know. It's tough. It's tough because you, it it, it is very difficult, especially for the fellas that, that, that grew up around certain people, around certain areas.


At, at some point, you know, to the point where you hanging around the wrong dudes sometimes they get, they get extorted, huh? Yeah, you right. You're not, you're not. Hold on, let me, let me, you're not, you're not hearing me. Some of 'em not even friends, you know, you, you, you, you around the wrong crowd. You getting extorted. Yeah. It's, it's, it's tough when somebody that you trust or you think you have, you cool with and they pull, they pull some money, money, but hey man, look here, man, money. Hey Listen, say no and watch what happened. Oh yeah. Say no and watch what happened. And they gonna keep on taking, they, they Don't never stop, you know. And the sad part about it is Ocho, they forget the thousand yeses. They only remember the one.


No. Oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah. Oh, they gonna remember that. No, Man, man. Oh, they that. No, you hold On man. Man, I really need you. You said that the last 15 times and I gave it to you. Yeah. So what's the, oh man, man, Hey, I, I, man, I, I man sharp. I bro, I know bro. This, this, the last time you said that. The last time. The last time. The last time. The last time. The last time. Yeah. But you know, you've always told us stories about, you know, those who are close to you will always be able to, to have access. Yeah. So you will always be able to help. Has there ever ever been a time with you where you've had to Yep.


Cut a family off because they continued to take advantage of the situation of knowing that you're gonna always give Ocho outside of my brother and sister, I only got one cousin that got my phone number For real To get to me. You gotta go through my sister. My, my sister said, well, I, I'll tell him. I mean, She the Yep. And I'm like, bro, I said, I mean, I had a, I had a, I had a a a a friend that, you know, every time, every time he needed, he needed 200 or he needed 300, he needed this. I said, bro, if you got a money tree in the backyard and every time you need something, you go pluck the money off pretty soon.


It ain't gonna be no money in the tree. I like, that's a good one. He's like, Oh yeah, he ain't never asking for anything else. Right. He know he was, he was skating on thin ice. I don't ocho I don't mind helping people. And I think that's why I, I've kind of been blessed. I've been very, very fortunate. I've helped a lot of people. Helped a lot of people. Same. Yeah. And I never asked for it back. Mm. I, I, I don't recall only one time, only one time in 30 years had someone paid me back.


And when he paid me back, I only, I only took, I took 30 cents on the dollar. Right. Because I wanted to make, I wanted to make sure he was on his feet. But for the most part, Ocho I've never given somebody be a 10, 20,000 and they paid it back. I'm cool with that. I'm cool. I'm, I'm good. Lord has blessed Shannon, he has allowed me to help my mom, my sister, my brother. Before my grandmother passed, I was able to do a lot. So I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't haggle about no money. I don't, I don't. And right, the one time I wanted to haggle about money, not, you know, my agent, Marvin has always told me, he said, don't worry about it.


Whatever. You lost the next person you work for, they'll pay. They, they, we'll put that in. We'll put that on them. Hmm. Sure enough. Sure enough. So I don't worry about that Ocho I don't worry about that. Yeah. I help, I help people. You, if you cool with me, if you've ever been cool with me, not the guys, y'all, y'all, my homeboys is my homeboy. If I cut you, if you a guy and I cut you off, that's it. That's it. Because I feel you tried to take advantage of decision women. If you been cool with me, you like, Hey, have a simple rule.


Protect the brand. Yeah. Protect the brand. Right. 10 years from now, you hit me up. I got you. That's how I operate, don't you? I got you. Right. But you gotta protect the brand. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's is that, that's, that's tough too. That's, that's tough. Especially when it comes to women because in, in, in disguise, until you really sit back and look at it and understand what's going on and you really dissect the situation you in like half the time, dudes that got the money, I know it's, it's good to always want to give and help.


And, and sometimes they don't even, they don't even realize they being taken advantage of. You think about investing, it's always an investment. Yeah. Anytime you, you pour, but anytime you put money into something, you're given something you always expect or want. You, you want something in return. And most of the time, if you think about it, based on the decisions that you make on the type of individuals you deal with, there is no return on that investment. Oh no, no, no, no. Nah, nah. It's just going, it's just, it's just going, basically going out the window. No. And you thinking always and you think because I'm making so much, oh, it's cool. Oh, it's good. But you, you never understand until you don't have no more money and then all your friends disappear.


All the ones that used to be hitting your phone, the phone calls stop stopped coming in. The text me text message. Oh, I was just calling to check in to see how you doing, You Know, and, and listen. But listen, With the money, I look at money. Like if I give a friend's family money, I look at it investment. When I invest money, my, my financial people says, okay, Shannon X, this is a five year investment. This is a 10 year investment. This is a 15 year investment. Now when you put the money here, can you do without this money for five years, can you do without this money for 15 years, can you do whatever the case may be?


Now Ocho there might be some unforeseen now I got rainy day, I got, I absolutely gotta have it. I got money I can go get my hands on right now. Right. I absolutely gotta have it. But for the most part, I put money aside five year, 10 year, 15 years. I'm good. If I give somebody something ocho I already know that's, that's a a hundred year. In other words, I'm not getting that back. No, But you have to. I under ocho you got to be able to make peace with that decision because you gonna get upset.


See, I didn't even, you know what Ocho I bet you didn't know money, smell. Did you give somebody a hundred dollars? Man, you want that funky a hundred dollars back? Yeah, it would, it wasn't funky when you got it. I wish somebody would just ask me for a hundred. I ain't, I can't remember the last time a mofo asked me for just a hundred dollars. Yeah, I think it start, it started a band. It started a, it started a band. It go, it did go on from there, Bro. Yeah. Look, you fall on hard times. I get it though, Joe. I, I look, sometimes you go through things, you know, you have an illness in the family or so forth and so on. I get it. I get it. Everybody, everybody don't have the best medical.


Everybody don't have a job that pays them. Like you and I have. Everybody didn't play in the National Football League. And I'm very fortunate, like I got with Marvin at an early age and he was able to help me, help me secure myself. And everybody's not like that. Ocho everybody, everybody ain't gonna make a ton of money. And everybody, a lot of people, OCHO is a, a medical emergency away from being bankrupt medical emergency will bankrupt you. Yeah. So I, I I I, I factored that in. I was like, Lord, you know what, hey, they need it more than I do.


I said, I know you got me. I know you got me, Lord. Yeah. I think that's one of the reasons why I'm always, I've always been so willing to give to the point where it it is, it's, it's called, it's called, it's caused issues, you know, at home. Because it's always like the, you gotta you gotta cut that out, man. Yeah. Because that can go towards something in here. But listen, this is the way I've always been. Yeah. I've always been this way. So I, I even, I had to stop the, the tipping at the restaurant. I had to stop tipping the way because it was like, listen, like, you gonna have to, you're gonna have to seize that. I mean, but listen, I've been doing this 20 something years.


I know, but times are different now. I know. Like, and I'm like, so I, I I I don't want to be combative. I just slowed down. Yeah. I, I slowed down On it. You know what it is? Ocho and I tell, say, Hey, tell me what you think. I mean, I was in a situation, Ocho I say, tell me what you think we missing out on by me helping X, Y, and Z. If you can show me, say, well Shannon, I wasn't able to get what I wanted. The house wasn't able to get what it needed because you did X, Y, and Z. If you show me that, I ain't got no problem. Now I will say this, when it comes to Spanky, Libby, mama and granny and the kids, that's seven people.


Yeah. I lose it all. I crash out for them. Right. Every dime. Now, if you wanna say, hey, if you wanna say, hey, you know, your cousin, uncle, or this or that, okay, I get it. Okay, fine, no problem. But there are some that are non-negotiable because when I didn't have didn't have anything, I had them. Oh yeah. And that's how I look at it. So for me, it was my brother and my sister. And I tell you my, the relationship from them, if you notice, like when I'm around them, I step back. Like when my brother, you saw everybody's like, man, you could tell UNC has respect for his brother.


When he talking, I stepped back. My sister taught, I stepped back because they raised me. They raised me. They taught me how to tie a shoe. They taught me how to bathe myself. They taught me how to brush my teeth. They taught me all the things that a mom and dad would teach a child. They taught me that. So it was just us. That was it. My sister helped me with my homework. My sister re resigned my report card. My sister did that. My brother showed me how to be a man, showed me things that I needed to know. So for me, I said, that's a non-negotiable, right?


My mom gave me life. My grandma gave me everything. But life Right Now, the kids, they know, okay, what you doing? How, how, how do, okay, how do we get, how do we find ourself in this situation? When did you know about this? What did you know? When did you know? And how are we gonna get out of it? But there's some things that are non-negotiable now. Hey, that, that doesn't mean that if I got a woman, if I got a lady in my life and she comes to me and she say, Shawna, you know what? My mom's struggling. My, my my mom and dad. What you need, Right?


Hold on. Wi within reason. Yeah. Within Reason Now. Yeah, within reason. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. I cap it, I cap it at 50. You wanna say 51? Boy, you shit.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone, Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything, sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Waken Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus, we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Awaken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday, and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba, I Shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I Don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out, like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Oh. Oh, Joe. Because you know, look, I I think the thing for me is that you, I I it's not so much the money, it's the freedom that it'll allow me. Right? That's, that's, that's the thing. And I work and people like, because I work because I love being free. I love my family being free. I know my sister go to bed and she don't worry about nothing. I know my brother go to bed and he don't worry about nothing. I know my mom, she's like, Hey, because she know her baby got it. And if he got it, she got it.


She got it. Yeah. My mom all ate my mom just play the slots. I said, mom, you just wasting my money. Let your mama ha mama have fun. Right. You don't work. You don't work. Hey, do what you do. Go have your fun. Hey, you go to church, you wanna go to church two, three times a week. You wanna go play the slots with her girlfriends. Right, right, right. But that, that's how I am ocho. I I'm not, I'm not, like I said, I got somebody in my life, they family needs something. A little something. I got you. Yeah, I know, I know it. We don't go away. He ain't, he ain't nothing you coulda did better anyway.


I know that's covered Ocho he gonna talk reckless about your boy. But it's okay. Every time. Every time. It's okay. Ocho Every time D Harp traded to the Chiefs, Ocho Mahomes might take some time to develop rapport with hop, but equipping him with a physical target who thrives in short areas, gives him many easy throws with the shutoff once rights with lost and with his contract sector to expire in the spring. Hopkins is also, he could set up, showcase his skill and maybe get another contract from the chief, or he moves on down the road. But I like this for both parties. I like this for the Chiefs. I like this for dha ocho what you think about the trade? I just said what, what, what, what show was that?


I said DHA was going to the Chiefs. Now was that last week or week Before last? Yeah, but we been, well we thought, I thought he should have gone. I thought he should. I hated that he fly with Tennessee. I understand. They had the money in the, In the first place. They had That money they had Thank you. Yeah. When they get that money. But, but the, the pick or him going to the chief is, is good. It's awesome. It's awesome. I don't think anything is wrong with D Hop. You know, at one point Dhop was the top five receiver in his NFL and Dhop is one of the greatest pass catchers in his NFL who don't drop Nathaniel up there with the Chris Carters and the Vin Geralds. He can dominate the middle of the field. The short routes, the intermediate routes, you know the picks, the slants?


No, he, I don't, I don't see him as as much of a deep threat, but anything 20 yards and under, oh, come on baby. We cooking, we talking, we cooking like we cooking like the Chef Gordon Ramsey. Yeah. That's the kind of de hop. And, and if you put him in the right situation, situations matter for all players. Yeah, for sure. Wasn't the right situation. No. Using the players to strengths. That's what they gonna do. Andy Reed understands what Deandre Hopman strengths are. You look at the old film, what did he do best when he was in Houston? Look at him in Arizona. And You, you, you Arizona, you implement him in the same way in the offense you have. And you and I guarantee what we gonna see.


I'm not sure who the chiefs play next. I'm not sure how much of the offense that D Hopp will know, but hell if Amari Cooper can go have four for six, six in a touchdown. What you think d Hopp Finn have? I think They play the Raiders. Oh, I think they got the Raiders. Man, listen, And I'm, I'm finna go out on a limb. Say it. If Diop have a hundred plus yards, don't be surprised. Don't be surprised the man, he got a Hyundai. Don't, Don't, don't be surprised if you have a hundred. Yeah, I I definitely think they, yeah, they have. Oh, okay. Ash said they yeah, they play the Raiders. Yeah. That's a i I like that pickup. I mean, they were wasting his time there. Look, I understand guys getting paid, but you all have to know now you gonna get paid.


But them, them, them catches and when the catches don't come, they're gonna say you lost the step. They don't care why. They're not looking at, okay man, he ain't getting the ball. He not getting the ball in a position that he can run and do something. Winning it. He have to catch the ball fall down. So something, if they hit him on the move, he coulda got 20 yards. All of a sudden now only getting 10 people are not looking at that. No, not at all. They don't, they don't. And they always use it against you. I saw someone, I, I know it's early, it's early. He just got paid. I saw someone say Devonte Smith, oh, he doesn't care about his catches. He's a team player. You know. I said, all right, give it, give it to give it two, give it two, give it two, three years, give it two, three years.


You know? And the production is not up to want up, up, up to the standards of the contract. What's the first thing you think you gonna say? You not the same. Yeah, sure. You lost a step. It don't be nothing wrong with nobody. That's why I don't like when players do that. I don't like when players sit there and just wait and wait and wait until they decide to get you the ball. Sometimes, you know, you gotta knock on the door because if you don't knock on the door, it ain't gonna never open. I Agree. But, but you better, you better speak up. And ano another thing, I'm gonna just break the news now. At some point Cober Cup will be a Tampa Bay Buccaneer, You think so? At some point, I'm not sure when it would happen, but a little Birdie told, well, it better happen before.


It better happen on or before November 5th. Okay. All right. Just, just just know I said it here first. I mean, he almost before the chiefs, before the chiefs traded for D hk, the team was in discussion with the Rams about acquiring Cooper Cup. However, the trail, the trade talks failed because of Cup's salary. They wanted the Rams to take some of that salary. The Chiefs were also looking for a team that could still pay a big part of the salary, whichever receiver they traded for. And they didn't want to give up a high draft pick the Rams. The Rams weren't willing to do this, but the Titans were with Hopkins. I like it. Oh yeah. I like it.


I like it a lot. I'm I'm telling you, he he's, he's, he's gonna flourish. He's gonna flourish, you know, for the time being, you know, for this, for this year. And again, I won't be surprised if, if he hit the ground running and starting this Raider game. Oh yeah. I I'm trying to think they got is Juju hurt because Yeah. Okay, so this is, yes, this is a really good pick because now, I mean, you think about it, all they got is worthy. They got what? Justin Watson, Noah Gray, they got Trav and Yeah, they, they really need, they really needed D Hop. Yeah. They really needed D Hop because you're down, you're already down Rice, you're down Hollywood rash Rice down Hollywood.


Yeah. Down juju. So you three top three of your top receivers down. And, and, and it is funny you down all, you have all these injuries and because of the quarter pla quarterback play and his decision making in the most opportune, most important times is why you're five and oh or maybe six. Maybe six and Oh yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Well, and the defense too. Oh, defense will play it. Unbelievable. Yeah. Oh guys, it's really late here on the east coast. Ocho has a flight to catch in four hours. I want to give Jerry Jones article time it deserves Catch us on Thursday night, football tomorrow.


Full thoughts before Ocho and I gonna go in. So yeah, we gonna go in on Jerry because as I've been saying, Jerry doesn't really care about winning Jerry care about making a dollar. Jerry, Jerry has a tourist attraction. That's what Jerry Worlds is. $40, $50 a hun. $70, $90. So in order to give it the, the proper discussion that it deserves, right? We're not gonna discuss it tonight. We're gonna discuss it tomorrow when we have Thursday night football. And we'll have time to give. We'd like to give topics the proper, the proper time and the proper dedication that they deserve. All the topics.


And so we're gonna discuss the Jerry article tomorrow. Thank you for joining us. We really, really appreciate you staying up late. We know it's late here on the east coast. We really, really appreciate that. Guys, I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite, 85. He's from Liberty City. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro. He's a Cincinnati Binger ring of Fame artery. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor, go subscribe to the Night Pack cap podcast, feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we appreciate you because every subscriber counts. We thank our viewing and listening audience for helping us ascend to the heights and where we've gone.


Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock and if we don't have it in a store, a state or city near you, you can order. And because we have it in stock, we can probably get it turned around in somewhere between two and five days. And we appreciate that. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Sheshe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We're about to drop our newest release tomorrow at 1:00 PM Eastern Time. The new release. We've been teasing a lot of that. Hopefully you like the product. OCHO wore some of the hoodies. I've been wearing the T-shirts. We got a couple of north slogans also and a couple of different looks. So thank you guys.


Actually it is today Fri, it's Friday here on the East Coast. So within the next, what, 10 or 11 hours the drop is going to happen. The Suns beat the Clippers in the first ever go game and Intuit Dome 1 16, 1 13 in overtime, KD 25 points. Bradley Bill, 24 points. Devin Booker fouled out. He scored 15. James Harden had 29 and a loss. It wasn't enough. Kaw wise out. Obviously for the foreseeable future, the Warriors beat the Blazers. Steph Curry almost post a triple double 17 points, 10 assist nine rebounds. And that concludes our show for tonight. Thank you for joining us with Episode for Nightcap.


I'm tired myself, guys. It's been a long day. I flew in today, so thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after the game. The Volume.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone. This is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam mc, Kiba, all the biggest Slack artists that on the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.