
When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year, you can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart and this basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seats. I appreciate the support people. Keep that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different Vibe with these open ear buds. It's like here in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


This is John Middle Coff from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draftings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


And now it's time for Fightcap brought to you by our friends at Netflix. There's never been a big night like this. On Friday, November 15th, Netflix and most valuable promotion bring you the highly anticipated boxing mega event of the year. Jake El Gallio. Paul will go toe to toe in the ring with iron Mike Tyson, the baddest man on the planet. When the disruptor challenge of the legend, anything can happen. Mike Tyson said the devil himself would show up Friday night in this boxing match against Jake Paul. He gave Jake Paul a preview, a preview at today's weigh in after Tyson weighed in at 233 pounds. Yeah, he approached Jake Paul for the final stare down. Paul weighed in at a career high 220 pounds darted towards him from a crawling stance that John Jones, you know, that wrestling stance chose close personal to a former heavyweight champion. Tyson. Yeah. Yeah. Slapped. Oh hey. But you know why he slapped him, right? Uhuh, You ain't see you. You gotta watch the video game chatted. If you saw Tyson slap slap Jake. Now this is the problem. Jake not even paying a goddamn attention when he, he stepped on the foot, he stepped on the man's foot. Man, hard as hell, man. Like a dummy man. Hey, Jake playing around, Jake playing around, stepped on that man's foot. Now you fuck around and piss Tyson off in that ring and he closed the goddamn distance to try to knock your block off. It's gonna be, it is gonna be a long goddamn day. It's different. I understand you don't have the ring experience or the ring IQ that a person that's been fighting since he was goddamn 15 goddamn years old. I love what Jake Paul has done for the boxing game within his world and taking it serious, showing the people that you can achieve anything you wanna do, if you put your mind to it. But you, you, you playing around a 58-year-old Tyson, if he, if he motherfucking snaps on in that ring In Them ear, in them early rounds and adds pressure, Ty Mike, Tyson don't fight from a distance. No, he always in close, he end up on he fight, He fights up close. If you're not used to or ready for that, there is no amount of sparring that you can do with anybody in this goddamn world that will get you ready for the kind of power you about to face tomorrow night. Ain't nobody not that kind of power. No. Up close engage, man. Shit. All right. ESPN reports that Tyson reacted to Paul purposely stepping on his foot during the stare down. Tyson was fed up with Paul's trash talk and stepping on his foot was the tipping point for Tyson. Tyson was escorted away while Paul addressed the crowd saying it's personal now he must die, Man. I, man, listen man, man, I don't think, I don't think, listen, I, I, I respect Jake. I like what Jake is doing, right? But don't poke the bell baby. Don't poke the bear. Even at 58, even at 58. I, I, I, listen, Jake, I love what you've done for, for box. I love what you've done for yourself. You know, but don't, don't poke the bell, man, because if Tyson comes in there and decides to oh, if he decides to turn up, you're not listening to me. If Tyson decides to turn up, he put that motherfucking high guard up and come forward bobbing and weaving and purposely pressures you Right. It's gonna be a long night. I agree. Shit, man. I, the, The question is, if Tyson the question is Ocho, is he gonna take it serious? Yeah, I think so. You, you, you don't, you don't do that. You don't do that. You don't how Tyson is. I think we've seen a different version of Tyson after all these years. A little bit, a calmer version of Tyson after all these years. But you continuously poking the bear saying the things that you're saying in the media. Man, that man might man, that man might snap man. I, well, I hope he, I hope they let him smoke some weed to be calm. You laughing. I I I really do. I mean, the chat is taking 83%. Say Tyson is gonna win 17% St. Paul's gonna win. And then Jake Paul talking about he wanna fight Canelo. What? Canelo Canelo would beat Jake Paul and Logan Paul inside of two rounds At the same time. How about that? As, As a matter of fact, he would be both of them and neither one of 'em make it outta the first round. Man, listen, can I, can I, Hey, chat. Hey, can I, can I tell you something? Please? Like Yeah. It's about professional fighters. Yes. Professional fighters at that level, at the level. Mike Tyson was at, at the level. Canelo is at a a any fighter for that, for, for that matter. You could take somebody at 1 35, 1 40, 1 50, 1 65. Man, they will hurt Jake Paul, a Professional fighter. Oh real? Yeah. A real fighter. Yes. Oh, They were, they will hurt Jake, man. Like I, I, I love, I through again, everything he's done is commendable, man. Them dudes will hurt Jake. Man, you ain't been in the ring long enough. You don't have that kind of experience. You don't have that ring, that kind of ring IQ man. Yeah, He to do One thing. Blood to destroy you. Man, I gotta take my glasses off that. Don't that. No, no. And I, I think people just see, you would have to understand the sweet science itself and have a great understanding of it and understanding when it comes to elite fighters, what they can and will do to you once you, in that octagon, I mean octagon, once you in the ring he got Man ojo, you, he got upset at a, at a, a reporter that asked him a question. When are you gonna fight a fighter your age? Your size? No, For real. No, you can't. You can't. He gonna get hurt. He gonna get hurt. You can't, you can't. Well, Well, our chance taken Tyson by a landslide also that night. The historic rematch between the Brave Bomber, Katie, Taylor, and Amanda, the real deal, Serrano the last time they met in the ring, history was made and women's boxing was catapulted to new heights. These are the fights the world's been waiting for. Don't miss this epic showdown. Live at at t Stadium in Arlington, Texas. Paul versus Tyson. Friday, November 15th, 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific Pacific Live on Netflix. You can also follow the Road to the Fight by watching Countdown Paul versus Tyson, A three point doctor, A three-part documentary series beginning November 12th, only on Netflix.


Matter of fact. Hey, Netflix. Netflix. Do me a favor. Tell Andre War, stop dunking me. Tell Andre Ward, stop ducking me. Hey Chad. Y'all go tweet Andre Ward. Tell him, stop ducking me. Send him messages in his Instagrams. Chad, leave that man alone. Hey, tell Andre Ward I lump him up. Light-skinned dudes can't fight. Tell him come get this work. I make him, I make him, I make him right? 'cause I'm gonna send him to the left and it's gonna be a long night. Andre. Woe. Whenever you ready. How come? Holler at your boy. Hey, hey, Jake. Paul, lemme tell you what you do. If I was you, I get in close, I would headbut, Mike, Tyson.


No, come on. Don't do that, man. All, ooh, hey, you know what he can do? You better cch you better I head. But when I, when I get him in the clinch, that's what I'm Clinch. Nah, don't do that because you you gonna piss him off. Don't, don't piss him off. Oh, Joe Jalen Brown responds after Nike shaves him for Gianni childish comments after Gianni, big Knight Nike tweeted, there's nothing childish about him. 59 for the Greek freak, the brown posty. Y'all got weird energy Uhoh. That's personal. Huh? It's been personal. What you mean? It's personal.


It's personal. Hey, hey, look at that. Hey, look. Hey, you know what he look like? What? That He look like a chia pet. A brown chia Pet. He just got bed. He was in the bed when I went upstairs earlier. He was in the bed asleep. He done came downstairs. Why you not sleeping? Well, he, He, he could get, he he, he, he could walk upstairs. Oh yeah, he can go upstairs. He got a, he got a ladder to the bed. So I, I was, I was ready to say, because I know his leg, his legs little. Yeah. Oh, he go up the stairs. Why you not in your room sleeping? I be, look, I didn't like what Yiannis did, bro. Bro, we, man, Bro, that was Funny. You groan.


That was funny though. But you gro. Oh, Joe. I, I guess I just, I just, I just don't, you know, grown, grown in that situation. Grown men play a childish game. Ocho we played those games in, in elementary school. I know. You gotta you gotta keep the game fun. Huh? You gotta keep the Game. You a grown man. You can have fun without playing childish games. You grown. Look, that's, Hey, hey, that shit. Hey, that shit was funny. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm surprised. Look, I'm not surprised. You know, Jalen Brown took it that way. He seems like a more serious guy.


Look, Nike knew the response they were gonna get. They, and I'm not surprised Jalen JB responded. You surprised? He responded? No. Nah. It is what it is. It was funny to me. Aren't you sleepy? CBS sports Repo CBS sports posted a breakdown of Bryce Young versus K Williams in their birth. First nine starts, K Williams has a hundred more yards. They both have nine passing touchdowns. Caleb Williams is completing 62 completed. 62% of his passes. Bryce Young, I mean, excuse me, Caleb Bryce Young completed 62% of his passes.


Caleb Williams about 60, 60.5. So we'll give him 61. Yeah. 61 pass rating. 74.1 for Bryce. 81 pass a rating for Caleb sacked. Bryce Young was sacked 36 times. Caleb Williams has been sacked 38 times. And we see the night you saw what the pressure did to Jayden Daniels. You see OCHO when your offensive line is crappy. You see how Jayden Daniels looked like tonight when that line got after? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Listen, any, any, anytime you can make a quarterback uncomfortable and get him off his spot, that's what you get. That's what you get.


A graphic went viral today, Ocho. Yeah. If you were to ejaculate in three minutes from doggy style, that's actually 21 minutes. Right? Right in dog minutes. That's me. That's me. We, we are that what I'm talking about. See y'all talking about talking about two minute minute, man. That's 21 minutes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That, yeah. That's me City boy with it. City boy with it. Hey, Do you agree? What? Say it again. If you were to ejaculate from the doggy style position, right?


Doggy. That's actually 21 minutes doggy style and dog minutes. Okay. Like this? Yeah. Okay. In two minutes, Three minutes. Okay. Three. Okay. Okay. Listen, listen that, listen. Women that complain about a man coming that fast, especially three minutes. Listen, that's a one round heavyweight fight. That's more than enough time to get yours. If you don't get yours when I get mine, then you fresh outta luck with me. I ain't got nothing to do with that. Get right here. I'm here. Ain't no three minutes with these. Yeah, ain't no three minutes with these. What's that? What's That? That's them sparks. Oh. Yeah. I need one them on That. Boy. Look here. Hey, oh, I need one them If you want to get butter from a duck.


Yeah. Huh. Matter of fact, I don't want the butter from the duck. God, unc, I want the feathers too. Huh? I, I want the feathers too. But gimme send me some of them sparks Get right. Hey, they right here. Yeah. The arm and hammer on them And make it, and You know that baking soda, you see that arm and ham? Yeah. Strong. Hey, Put that baby put that baby arm on them. Yes sir. That thing hit, hit the table. Yeah. Good load. I like it. I like it. Listen, I ain't, I ain't got nobody right now to, you know, to do the do with. But I, I put them sparks on the shelf until that time come until that day come He ride here. Yes. In That to they the real deal.


They the real deal. Yeah. Let me get my, I need my FedEx In 15 minutes. Yeah. Hey, Yeah. Just a little, you know, little water to help it dissolve a little quicker. Right, Right, right, right. Matter of fact, I won't even use no water, But you wanna dissolve quicker because you want hit that bloodstream. Okay. You want that to get the bloodstream quick? Yeah, Quick, faster in a hurry. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That what I'm talking about. Not Long. Hey, that's One thing. I, damn, I, I'm gonna tell her, I'm gonna tell her, listen, I'm here, I'm, I'm here. I'm not here for a long time. I'm here for a good time.


That's it. Oh. You gonna be there for a minute. I say, baby, I hope you argenx had a snick because it's gonna be a while. You what I'm saying? I joke, I hope you had snick because it's gonna be a while. Bad please. Damn. Damn, damn, boy. You got, you got, you got me reminiscing, man, shit, boy. Dang, dude, they, I'm telling you, they, I gave, I gave, I passed a couple along, you know, and homeboy. Hey, whoa, whoa. Yeah, They sent these for my, not yours.


Thanks. If somebody, if somebody gonna have that car, bumper, wood, it gonna be me. Right, right. I wish somebody could tell you, but you know what? I send 'em the link. Go and fill out the questionnaire, see if they can help you out. Okay? Okay. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna, yeah, I'm coming. Lemme give You description.


Ocho rose, sparks dissolves under your tongue and the results. I mean, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Plus they last up at 36 hours. 30 or six. Shit. It's still like that. Good. Yeah. Hey, like how you like Superman? When he, when he flying, huh? Yeah. Yeah, That's it. Ocho And you like Superman, Ocho these thing. Right. I'm telling you, I put one on him, Ocho, you know I go to the bathroom, you know, man. Right. I come back, she look at all up front the bed. She walking all through the house. Yeah. I said, girl, what's wrong with you? She said, hell, who helped you? There ain't no way. What man did all this by herself? I said, man, ain't nobody here. I said, I don't do no Amtrak. That's just me baby. That's just me. And that's it. Swear, I swear. Damn. Please find out if a prescription of row sparks are right for you at ro.co/ Nightcap. That's ro do co slash Nightcap.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation at this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IO OT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time, remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like your in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner Of a red Sedan please Visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na, pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated, and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Dang. Oh, Joe, what up? Spirit Airlines is preparing to file for bankruptcy ocho defend your people. That's not a bad thing. You know, many people have filed for bankruptcy before. You have to understand the, the, the method to the matters behind it is, is very strategic. A lot, a lot of people of wealth filed for, for bankruptcy, for purposes of not having to pay a debt that they don't wanna pay. A lot of people don't understand that 50 centers filed for bankruptcy. Donald Trump has filed for bankruptcy. There's some other people of status that have filed for bankruptcy. And it is a way to get out of having to pay a large debt that you, that you just don't wanna pay or you can't pay, but can't either.


Spirit Airlines will still be gone on as far as running a business and still being the best airline there is to fly. No coach. Y'all was thinking about sending you a couple of these. Hey, hey, hey, unc. Right? Not too soon, UNC, too soon. I just, I ain't, I I ain't sending you nothing. I ain't Finn to help you get back, get back, go work your situation out. That's what you do. Well, you talking about, you talking about sending me something? I mean, For, but for, for, for, for, you know, in the situation you in, I ain't finna help you do nothing else. You out your mind. Yeah, I I mean I, listen, I'm not, I'm not thinking about, I'm not thinking about nothing else. Right. Well, I well, I ain't thinking about you then.


Okay. No, I'm just saying I'm a focus on work right now. Huh? Well, well you focus either you can do two things at once. Well, not really. 'cause I can't chew gum and wall. Well, hey, well, you stand in one place and you Yeah, yeah. Well, I'm, I'm here. I'm here. So maybe, maybe, maybe February after Super Bowl. I, I, you know, I, I, I, you know. No, she gonna be there. Super Bowl. Who, who gonna be where Your people? I Got, I got a restraining order. Well, I'm gonna undo it. Hey, chat. Chat. What y'all doing? Chat. Y'all good? Hey, I wish, you know what would be dope? Like if chat could, if we could see the people in the chat and they could see us and we could see them and we can get their reactions while we talking, like technology is, is as, as advanced as it is.


The fact that I can't see the people and, and, and engage in conversation and see their expressions. I don't like that. That maybe that's something we need to invent. Okay. Yeah. That's something we need to invent Ocho a man leaves his girlfriend ask, after she asked him to return the dog back to the she shelter ocho, what would you do? I would've left her too. Huh? That's like somebody telling you to, to take your dogs out the bed so we can sleep together. You got the goal. There are certain things in life women have to understand. Understand the man you're dealing with. Understand the non-negotiables when it comes to him. If you know he's a dog lover, if you know before you met him that the dog came first, you don't tell him to take a dog back to a shelter thinking you come first.


You've never come first. Because when you leave, when you leave, the dog will always be there. Man's best friend will always be there, Accept him as you find him. Come on that if he had dogs, why you expect that man to give up your, give up his dog. But you to some people, dogs are their kids. You don't want no man to ask. You say, well what gonna, what you gonna do with your child? You gonna give your child to your parents? You gonna let him let you let his father have him or something? No. So, but you ask that man to return. No, come man, get outta here And, and listen. And you never, you never know what you gonna get with a woman too. With a woman you're dealing with. You never know. Because on Monday, one day she love you.


On Wednesday, she don't feel the same way. She has mood swings. You know, one day she's up, one day she's down. One day she's on the east. The other day she's on the west. Yeah. When it comes to your dog, your dog is consistent. Monday through Sunday, your dog is going to show you affection. Any and every day no matter what. Yep. Have you feeling your dog will always be there for you? Loyal? Absolutely. At all times. No matter what you're going through on your good days, on your bad days, you get the same thing every return every day from your dog. I Bet. I look at people talking about, oh, you let your dog get on the bed. I feel the same way. If you was on it, did, did somebody go ask me? You let her get on the bed? Yeah.


Man, please. My dogs ain't going nowhere. I spent too much money. Yeah. I care too much for 'em. I'll make sure they got the best care as possible. Yeah. But yeah, you ain't, you ain't gotta come. People make it seem like I put a gun to people's head like, oh, you got the dog, you got the dog table. Ain't no force you to come in and eat. You ain't gotta be here. Yeah. You can leave. Huh? And don't let the door hit you with a good Lord. Spit. You too. Hey, I tell you like a Monday, you look better going to coming. That what I tell them that my grandpa used. Say, boy, you like a Monday, you look better going to Coach. Hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I thought, yeah, that's a good one.


I tell you like, like a, you look better coming. You look better going than cu Better going to coming look better. Bernice Gios, is that how you say her name reveals that as a bartender in New York, her worst nights she made 30,000. She did that for three years. On her best nights, she made 70,000 many on the internet are calling ka ocho. What do you think? Hold on, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Let me, let me, hold on. Lemme take my glasses off. Lemme take. Don't answer. Hold on. That's my, that's my answer. That's my thoughts.


Say that to me one more time. Say that to me. Say that to me one more time. Ese s Virgos reveals that as a bartender in New York, on her worst nights, she made 30,000 and she did that for three years. On her best nights, she made 70,000 many on the internet are calling Ka. So on your, on your, so 30,000 UNC in New York, How much? 30,000 is man damn. And I, I know how much 70,000 is too. So unc, I I'm, I'm thinking about her celebrity clientele, athletes, street dudes, dope boys.


Some of them are very frivolous when it comes to money being as far as giving it, but the amount might be a little exaggerated. Now, poss it's possible that she made a ton of goddamn money. I think the numbers a little skewed a little bit because 70,000 a week. No, she said a night, one night. 30,001 night. Not a week. One night. Oh, just one night. One time She would work. It don't matter how many times she worked, but on her worst night, she made 30,000 a night. On her best night, she made 70.


She did that for three years. Damn. Well, I'm, I'm thinking about some of these scammers that some of these scammers and some of these athletes that, that spend the way they do in the club is almost believable. Almost, Man. Hey, I mean, listen, making that kind of money drinks wasn't the only thing she was bringing. Okay. I, I understand where you're going with it. I understand where you, but I'm understanding them. Dudes that got money like that especially is money. Money that don't belong to you and What they expect, what they expect to return. Oh, you know, you know what they expect from return. Okay, don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. You know, they respect and return, but, but you know, especially, you know, you got your big, you got your big boy scammers. Yeah. You got your NBA players that you, they make go gobs of money.


You know how they spend, you know how, you know how they spend. Yeah. They act a fool. They act a fool with it. So I can, I can kind of believe it, but in, in a, in like in a little bit of me says, come on now. It's a little look a little exaggerated. Hell, I I thought you was gonna say on good night you make like 10 bands. Hold On. If you're making that kind of money, what? I would still be doing it. If you're making that. I mean, if, if it was like that, Yeah, for sure. You Don't walk away from nothing like that. You know how hard it is to make that in, in this economy. Hell, any economy. What the hell you mean? 30,000, 70,000 a day, a night? How many, how many night? How many weeks? How many weeks a night is she working? I don't know how many nights a week she working.


She didn't say. I mean, hey, I mean, how many, I mean, I would be working like three or four if I'm making 30,000 a night. Yeah. But hey, that, no, that's, that's ugh. Hey, think about you was around you probably wasn't there. You weren't in the atmosphere. I'm not sure if anybody in the chat was around during those times. Like remember the BMF era? Yeah. And the stories. The stories. I wasn't, Atlanta wasn't there. Were there Yeah. Yeah. On how they hit the strip club. Yeah. Now, if she was in that atmosphere, okay, now that's believable. Now that's believable with the way them boys played. Now I understand it now. Just, just a regular night, you know, your, your your regular clientele, you know, even if they, you know, they got money, they, but you know how much somebody has to spend in the club in order for you to make 70,000 or to make 30,000 a a Night.


I mean, yeah, I've, I've seen, I mean, look, I think the most, I've probably seen somebody spending like probably like 50 in a club. Yeah. But that's between, that wasn't just for no one girl. Right? That's amongst Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And you know, and they normally, they normally tip, they normally tip, you know, they tip a hundred dollars, they tip 200 to the person that's bringing them to drinks. But bang, that's a, I mean, to get to 30,000 to get to 70,000, don't joke. You know how much that is in the club in cash? Come on now. Yes, I know. Come On now. I mean, First of all, in most it's in ones. So I know how much 50,000 in ones is.


Yeah. Can you imagine 70 or 10,000? 10,000 in ones? That's a lot of damn ones. Yeah, man. Yeah. Imagine 30. Okay. Now imagine 70,000 in ones And it's like doing the math. How much you think that is a month? Like just, just add it up real quick. Let's say if it is 30,000, she Did okay. She did say, let's just say I, I don't know. So we're gonna assume she's working one night a week. Let's just assume she's working one night a week. Okay. Okay. 70,000 times four. That's 2 80, 2 80 times 10. That's 2.8 million. Now you do five 60 on that. Now that's 3 5 60, another five 60 on 2.8 is 3.56.


3.64. If she works one night a week for the entire year, she made $3.6 million. Do you believe that? Okay. That that's at 30, that's at 30,000, right? No, it's at 70,000. If we do 30,000. How much is that? That's 1.56. So if she did that for three, if she did that for three years, she walked out of there with almost 11 million. Hell no. I'm just, Hey man. Go, go ahead man. See Matt, when you do it, when you do it like that and you add it all up, come on man.


I'm just saying. I'm just saying. I, I, I, I will say this, I will say this. In her, in in, in her defense, I think the numbers are exaggerated, but because of who she is, because of her clientele being as beautiful as she is, she made some good money. I will say that. But the numbers that it just, it just, it, it it. She wasn't bringing only drinks though, to get that kinda money, bro. Look here, come on now, Ocho we not no dummy. Listen, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't got nothing to do with that. I ain't got nothing to do with that. I plead the fifth. I ain't got nothing to do with that part. You know, I don't, I don't, I'm not a part of the night life now. I do hear the stories about what goes on in the night life. So I hear the story, you know, when I was playing, you know them boys tell me where they spinning.


I hear the stories about people that go to club live, people that go to the Scarlets or Scarlets, whatever it is, out, out, out there. I hear the stories. I've never experienced it, so it's hard for me to talk about it when I'm not in that, in that, in that lane. Never have been. But it just, it sounds, it's, it sounds exaggerated, but when you added it all up in its totality to make that kind of money, 10 million tax Free. IGI guarantee you, if you got, if you go, if you go to the strip club and you drop 20, 30, 40, 50,000, I guarantee you if you drop that on, on your chick at home, she'll do everything them girls in the club do. Yeah. Yeah.


Yeah. And that's, that's cra God, them some that's some them some crazy numbers, therefore, Huh? You not finna get my money and then take a, take that who? Hard of somebody else? Oh no. Oh. Oh no. That's come they, hey, that's coming with me. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I just might as well go on home. Hey, I got 20 bands for you. Let's do what it do. Yeah. All of it. Everything. Hey, anything goes. Yeah. I mean listen, if, if, if, if you did do it, that's, that's dope. That's raw as fuck. You know, I, I'm just saying. Oh, I Ain't got no problem. Yeah. Make your money. I, I, hey, I ain't here to judge nobody. I don't care what you do.


Make your as, as long as you not, as long as you not harming anybody Good. You good. Ain't got Nothing to do. What it does, what it does, what it does do is the fact that she did come out and say it, you know, spoke on whatever, whatever platform she spoke on. It, it makes for a great topic. It makes for a great topic. It makes for a great discussion, you know? No, no, no disrespect. Yeah. But like I said, I, I don't like, man, I, I at once point in time what y'all like, man, what? I got to the point like I Shannon, that ain't your life. It don't cost you nothing. You ain't gotta pay no rent. It ain't taking nothing off your table. I don't give. As long as people ain't harming nobody on your, I don't give a damn what they do. Yeah. I don't care if a woman sleep with 50 guys in a date.


Right. Ain't got nothing to do with me.


Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom built T-Mobile private 5G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed combined with Sony's innovative ultralow latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved, To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job.


Thanks Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Defense Will the owner of a red sedan, please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel with my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Damn. In a day. Hey, as a matter of fact, hell I be 51 1. Got you. Got that. You gotta have 'em season when they season like that. It's good for you bro. I don't know about all that though. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, You talking about falling off the bone, that thing showed up, falling off the bone. He 51. Yeah. And now it's time for last segment of the day. It's time for q and a. Hey boy, I felt good. Nah, I felt good and I, boy, I gotta take a nap. I gotta take, I gotta keep taking the midday naps boy. Yeah man, I been busy today. I had two Zoom meetings. I had a a pod Really? I tried to get a workout. Yeah.


Yeah. Norwood Jr. Who are the two best teams in the Western conference? Lakers and who else? I mean, Phoenix was playing really, really well. kds gonna be out for the next two weeks. They're gonna reexamine him in two weeks and see the extent of his injury. The nuggets playing. Unbelievable. Who else? Oh, OKC man. Shea Shaa on one. But I do like, I do like, I do like what the Lakers are doing. I love ad the way he's playing. Seemingly we've kind of got the bench figured out. Dalton connects playing really, really well off the bench.


LeBron is LeBron ad the question is, can the big guns stay healthy? The big guns can stay healthy. I think they have as good a chance as anybody coming outta the West. Jonie fna, who is the first kicker to kick a 60 yard field goal? And what team was it against and what was unique about him? Well, it was Dempsey Tom Dempsey. He kicked a 63 yard field goal. He had a half of a foot. Oh yeah, I remember that. I don't remember who it was against the Eagles. Hold on, go ahead, speak it out. Oto. I know it was Tom Ey.


He played with the side. Hold on. Hey, I don't even know when this was. Somebody had half a foot. I have no idea. I'm not sure if I was born during this time when this actually happened, but what I do know is I'm the most efficient field goal kicker that has ever played in the NFL because I was one for one and I've never missed. No, You can't use one for one because in order for you to have the efficiency record, you have to have a minimum number of kicks. Says who? That's the way they base it on. That's why when you say, okay, he's the most efficient quarterback, you have to have a minimum number of throws. Well, the minimum number is one.


No, Hell no. Nate Harper said, Hey Ocho, do you think the Eagles are the best team in the NFC? Not after tonight's game. Best defense in the nfc. No, I still think it's the Lions. It's the best team in the NFCI could be. Hey, that's why we play the games. But as we speak right now down the line, I'm sure we'll get an opportunity to see who's the best team in the NFC. But if you make me pick right now, I'm gonna say the Lions. Lions. Who? You got OCHO Lions. Yeah, I agree. Sheldon Pope. Do you think Jake Paul is going to knock Mike Tyson out Friday night, Ocho, what you think?


Oh, I, I, you know, he, it's, it is all gonna come down to conditioning though. Obviously it's too many rounds and what Jake is gonna have to do, you gonna, you gonna have to move, you have to be on your bicycle. Gotta be Trying to get him late to get him to the late. Yeah. You, you gotta, you gotta get him, gotta get him in the deep waters. If you, if Jake can get him in the deep waters, I think around six, seven, and eight. Yeah. He'll, he'll, he'll, he'll have some success. But Dan them two minutes is real short. And Tyson, even though he hasn't fought in a very long time, the training that he's done, if his conditioning is up to par, he will be fine because he is only doing too many rounds. Yes. Boy, it can be scary. I'm scared for Jake, honestly.


I'm just gonna be honest. I'm scared for Jake. The first three rounds they get to round four, eh, everything kind of evens out. But the first three man, look here. Taj Whit say Tyson gonna be breathing harder than UNC on IG Live. Man. There you go, man. Get off my computer. Aaron Owen says, what's the best boxing match? Best boxing match. We've never got to see What's the biggest match that we got too late? Well, the biggest match we got too late was Pac Al Mayweather. Ooh, Everybody, everybody wanted to see that fight five years sooner than what we got it.


I, I think the roast the results still would've been the same. The results still would've been the same. Even if we got a younger, a a, a younger, a younger Pacquiao. Even if we got a younger Mayweather and they did fight, it would still be the same styles. Win fight. Yeah. And at that time, Floyd would've still be Pacquiao. Even though Pao would've been a, a great fighter for him who was very unorthodox, you know, punches coming and bunches coming. You don't know when it's coming. His, his, his, his timing and rhythm was always off, but, and it wouldn't have been no different Backend. Chris, UNC Ocho. Would you rather coach a team with limited talent that discipline or a team full of talent with no discipline?


Love the show. That's a good one. I don't wanna coach anybody. But all that being said, I'd rather have a team that's not as skilled but disciplined. Because undisciplined team will get you beat, Get you beat. Yeah, probably, probably same Because they're gonna do dumb things in the most inopportune times. Yeah. They're gonna commit aile, they're gonna jump off side, they're gonna do something to get you beat. Right. Aaron Jones, can white men play db now you think just like, just like the black beat qb the best sport in the world always proves itself. Yeah, but it wasn't that we didn't give, they didn't give, didn't give white corners an opportunity. They just didn't play the position. Yeah.


Black quarterbacks played the quarterback in college and they denied 'em the opportunity to play. They moved them to running back and they moved them receivers. That's two different things Right There. Not a lot of guys with hold. White guys for the most part didn't have a whole lot of flat, fast twitch fiber. It's, that's why you see more sprinters that are black than white. That doesn't mean that they, they're they're not fast white guys. Sure. They're Right. Oh yeah, absolutely. But the numbers say black guys the way they built have the fast twitch Right Type man. J do Akron, would you guys be over the power slap match against each other to raise money?


Hell nah. Yeah. Yeah. Boy, come on. Huh? That's power slap. Oh, I mean, I, I'ma do you like they did Old boy and and baby boy. Oh, you chin up Chin no chin. Yeah, because you do, you can slap you can slap me all day, bro. I, I, I tell you what, I tell you what I, if if, if, if I tell you what I'm gonna put you in the room, I'm gonna let you come in the house. Right. And I ain't gonna be here. I'm just gonna let you walk in the house and I'm gonna have Titus and I'm gonna have Titus walking around. If you come out unscathed, we can do the match. Man. Man, I whoop tight his ass. Boy. What you think? What you think Jordan?


Hey man, I, man, I I'll tackle Titus man. We'd be that Big. You don't problems. Don't Joe man. You, I promise you. Hey, hey. Tight as I, I I'm I much You weigh 1 73. Oh yeah man, I'm a body man. I'm a so flex. I'm, man, I'm gonna do the, the rock's elbow. Titus man. Okay. Tony Brown Jr. Said, what's good fellas? Tell Ash we need her back in the background. Laugh as a ringtone. No Teddy barrel bad tonight. It's way, way past their bedtime.


And guess what? We finished on time. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. The Eagles beat the Commanders 26 18 Saquon Barkley had 146 yards rushing. Two touchdowns. Jayla Hearst run for another as they dominate the fourth quarter and they win the ball game 26 18. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite number, 85 Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just Ocho, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast.


Feed wherever you get your podcast from every subscriber counts. And thank you guys for counting. Thank you guys for your support and loyalty over the first year and a half. Make sure you check check Out Shape by La Porter. We have an abundance in stock. We stocked up for the holidays and if you can't find it in a city or state near you, you can order and we'll make sure you have it in time for Thanksgiving, Christmas, or New Year's. Celebrate Shape responsibly please, Drake responsibly. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all these platforms that Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We dropped a couple of weeks ago. I was held when I was well. T-shirts. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Black Nightcap hoodies and by popular man stay with me now is also in a hoodie form.


And of course, our bestsellers, the Unin OCHO tees, which are these right here. And we got requests to do it in black. And so now we've listed the black Unin ocho tees tees on our site. Quantities are limited. Please make sure you grab yours while supplies land. Again, the Eagles beat the Commanders 26 18 Saquon two of those to had two touchdowns, 146 plus yards, almost 200 yards from scrimmage as they won their sixth straight game. Take over the take a commanding lead in the NFC East by the score of 28 26 18. I'm UNC East Ocho. We'll see you Saturday. I love you guys.


The Volume.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real-Time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seeds. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more nap kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This fall, watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special last chance offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't miss this offer ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82.9 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Did you know there's no Tom at Tom's? Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season. Embrace cozy comfort with Toms from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges in our iconic Alpr goddess Slip-ons. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now@toms.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking JOA wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.