
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal In fast food Gotta be Wendy's


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A Day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at to discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


The Volume UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all blitzing glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any of the action at Drafting Sports Book, the official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knight of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evenly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. Is that simple? And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the Octagon with drafting sports book. Download the Drafting Sports Book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only with Jeff Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up. Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax Season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


A man in the US has been arrested and charged with six counts of attempted homicide after allegedly traveling more than 1000 miles and set in fire to the home of a man who had been communicating with his ex-girlfriend. Hold on. Can he's supposed to check the girl He ain't supposed to check nothing. XX oh X. Yeah. You ain't supposed to check nothing, Man. I'm going about my business, man. I'm going Go on About your go go about your business, man. I, I don't, I don't understand. I don't understand. And you said that I don't understand how people be crashing out by people, whether they be long e even if you, even if you with somebody and a guy has the, the ability to gain access to the person that you with, what does that tell you?


Why am I crashing out about her? Allowing you to have access That lets me know where I stand. It's easy. Move on. That's, it's not hard. I don't understand why it's so hard to wrap that around our head. Because every time we start dealing with people, we add a title to it. We add relationship, we add marriage situationship no matter what it is. And for some reason we as men, we view that as my property or ownership. That individual is not A thousand miles ojo. Huh? Do You know how far a thousand miles is? Man, you ain't gotta tell me to I don't own you.


I you are not my property. If we're together, I appreciate that and I'm moving based off how you move. It's pretty easy. When things look funny to you, make it a comedy show. It's simple. That's how you keep from getting yourself hurt. So in other words, when they start acting funny, I might as well, hey, get me a big, get me a big nose and some red shoes because I'm gonna be a clown. Make it a comedy show. 'cause they will make a fool of you and then play victim. Hey, you remember the song Michelle and Dego Cello and Love? Oh yeah.


On you Make a Fool Of Me. Tell me why you say that. Wait, We may love Wait. She s just last night She make that she sing that song. Yeah. A minute. Oh hang. Tell me that. Hold on. Huh? What's the name of the song real quick? I want to kiss you. I'm finna put that in my ladder. He want you with the pain that I do. I smell you in my dreams. But now when we're face to face, you won't look me in the eye. No more friendship, no more love. You see, I can't touch you.


I can't touch you no more. Yeah. Oh, hey, What's the title? What's the title of the song? You make A Fool of Me. Huh? Love and Basketball. You make a fool of Me. Yes. Michelle and cello. Hold on, hold on. There it is Fooling me right there. I'm Finn. I'm Finn. Add. Yes. I'm finna add it to my library right now. He Said, does she want you with the pain that I do? Mm. Let that sink it Ocho does this person that you want to be with, does she want you with the pain that I do? 'cause I can smell you in my dream. You, You a if you, if you take it slow And you listen to what you said, you got to feel that.


You got to feel, you got to feel that. That's Ocho. Every song that this woman sings, I, it it, it it resonates with me. 'cause I know I'm a very passionate person. Yes, sir. With I know how you feel. Take your time now. Take your time. I told you when, when, when Old Girl played that song for me also Trust. That's how you get to me. Yeah. You play a song and I'm never gonna forget it.


Right. Right. I, I just, and when I, the first time I heard that woman's voice and every time that she's close to me, I go see her. Mm. I went to see her at the Tabernacle. I went to see her like twice at the Tabernacle. Yeah. I've seen her in, in, in, in, in la I've seen it in Colorado. I've seen it in, I've seen her three or four times in Atlanta. And a lot of times I'm probably the only straight male there. It's a lot of, lot of women that, that, that love that said, look. Yes sir. Yes sir. It is like that. Huh? Oh, Oh, man. And, and she on the, the, the soundtrack Love Jones. She on that too.


Yes. If you feel the way I feel for you, rush over the name of the song. Her and Marcus Warren. Right. She got a song with John Cougar. Ah, man, look here Chad. Y'all will know. So I'm telling y'all now, if y'all say, man, who she sharp ain't no question. Don't even ask Michelle o Cello. That's loud. If you feel the way I feel I'll rush over. There's no reason to be alone. My thoughts for you patiently. I wait for an invitation. I often imagine, come on now, a picture that You know more a voice than on my telephone that I find myself rushing home to.


Hey, Lord, That mercy. Hey man, don't jump. Don't give you start. Yeah. Hey, I, I, I know. I listen, I hear I And I could hear the passion. I could hear the enthusiasm in your voice. Now it, it sounds like you're hurting. You're not hurting, are you? No. Because You know music, You know, music make you think about certain people. Yeah. That's so who you think about? Beautiful, bitter Dead End Boulevard Faithful Mary Magdalene. Yeah. Come on, man. Take I gotta take your time, Man. Look here. Take Your time. Ooh, Man.


Ocho, I'm telling you, a lot of times I would and people are like, man, what you do? I'm listening to Michelle Linde cello. I'm listening to Maxwell silently. It's probably my favorite song from Maxwell. This woman's work. I, I'm trying to think of the song. Hold on. What's the name of the song? Symptoms Unknown by Maxwell? Symptoms. Unknown. Symptoms Are Symptoms Unknown. Symptoms Unknown. Symptoms Unknown. Oh, what movie? What what movie is that?


Is that a soundtrack? Huh? That from a soundtrack? No, actually I said that many, many years ago. I tried, I tried to win a back, You know. No, no. Whoa. Tried to win a back. I tried to win a back. I Thought, hold on, hold on, hold on. You ain't never, you ain't, you ain't telling us this story. You lost. I tried to Win a back. I tried to win A back. You lost somebody. Was it something that you did And you tried to win a back? No, it wasn't something that I did. Right, right. I was just bull driving around. Oh, you playing the game? You playing games? Yeah. And what happened was, oh, Joe, I was just dripping. Right Dude stole the ball and shot. Okay. And it went in, Got So this song, I said, look, I went and bought her a cd.


I saw her someplace. Okay. I bought her a CD And I handed it to her. I said, there are two songs I want you to listen to. I want you to listen to silently. And I want you to li listen to symptoms. Okay. She said, Shannon, I'm getting married. Oh. Oh, Hey, hey. That, that hurt me. And that wasn't even me. So, Ooh, you bad too. I know that hurt.


Huh? That hurt. How that made you feel? Huh? I know that hurt. What? Well, I Can't, I I can't get mad at results I didn't get for the work. I didn't put in Who? Don't do that. Don't you do that, don't you? Hold on. I'm a first y y'all know how I am. I queued it to you straight. Hold on. I'm honest. I'm, I'm 1000. I'm honest with you now, Dude, dude, give it to me. Hey Chad, Chad, do me a favor. Somebody listen to what he says real quick and then type and write it to me on Twitter. Bring that to me one more time. Yeah. I can't get mad at the results I didn't get for the work. I didn't put in. Had I done what he had done, maybe the situation, who knows?


But I didn't do what I was supposed to do. Ocho I, y'all know me, Chad. Y'all done, y'all done been, if y'all follow me, anything, if y'all know anything about Shannon Sharp, I'm gonna accept responsibility. That's all I know how to do. If I'm wrong, I gotta be mad enough to say that. That's one thing Mary Porter believed in, that my grandfather believed in that. I believe they did a great job of raising their nine and raising their mom. My grand, my mom's three. I can never be mad. I'm never going to be mad at results I didn't get for the work. I didn't put in. Say, well, that was a good One. That's why I do this. What I do now, Ocho And I tell, I tell people when I go talk And I say hard work doesn't guarantee you anything, but without it, you don't have a chance at all.


You see, if I don't put it, see, if I don't, if I put the hard work in And I don't get the result that I'm hoping for, okay, that wasn't for me. But I never want to have regrets it, man. If I had just worked harder, if I had just done this, you'll never meet anybody. You won't meet one person that will tell you Shannon Sharp didn't work hard. God, I love that quote. Boy. That's all, that's good. That's all I, that's all I know how to do. But I do, I spend a lot of time though. Yo sometimes I, I'll just, sometimes I'll just start cleaning up And I just, I'll put Michelle and Digo cell on and I'll just, just like, just play.


Yeah. Just go. I'll listen to Maxwell. I listen to Sade. I'll just listen to Atlantic Star. I mean, I just like, and it just like, okay. Hey, I got a question. You, do you have a playlist already with, with some of your, your favorite songs when you cleaning up? I Do. You got, you gotta send me, you gotta send me that playlist, man. I got, I gotta check this out. I gotta check this out. Well, that's, that's good that, that's, oh, that's, that's some good music, man. That's some good music. Oh yeah. That's, I I, I just, like I said, I'm just, I'm just a guy. Look, if I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I, And I missed opportunities. I be honest. I mean, I see people now that, You know, gotten married. Men and some women be honest. Women say, Shannon, look you fun.


You, you good to have fun with you. Not the married type. So you, hey, they viewed you as the fun guy Because they know, they say Shannon work is way more important than any relationship is gonna be. Okay. Yeah. But then, You know what? That should, that, that, that shouldn't even Your greatest enjoyment comes from work. Nothing brings you pleasure like work. Right. But that doesn't even put you in the category of the fungi too. That's not, that's not the category. I'm a fuck ocho They look at me. I'm aesthetically, You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. How, how Built like a Sin talk. You know what I'm saying? Half bad. You know what I'm saying? Don't joke. I don't feel like that.


Oh, baby. They go, they know they get when they get on. Yeah. I mean, two, the possible ain't bang long as You know, you got them the big joke. A little joker. Right? You could, I I'm gonna get that, but, Oh, that's a good one.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash's gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me and why the Florida Gators won first, played a great second half and competed at a high level. The second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger or $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily Yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now. Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


O Joe Alexander Ovechkin. Ogan Ovy. He passed. Wayne gr He passed, he broke Rain Gretzky's record Gretzky had a mark of 894 goals that had stood since he retired from hockey in 1999. Yeah. Ovechkin scored his record setting 895th goal in the second period against the New York Islanders in the same game. Yeah. Game 8 94 came at 1,487 games for Gretzky. 1,487 games. 8 9 5 came from Ovy. The matchup was immediately paused in the ceremony with Gretzky on site took place. And he canem com commemorate the moment I, me personally, I didn't think anybody could break this record.


Right. Didn't. And it seems like he's going to, he, I mean, he's gonna be well in the nine hundreds. 'cause I don't think he's gonna retire. Right. I don't, I mean, you look at the guys that are close now. I mean, I don't think s S's gonna play enough games. S Crosby can't catch him. Right? I mean, maybe it's, maybe it's some of these What's this guy at the Edmonton, Orleans? What's this guy name? Maybe he or, or the guy at, at, at Colorado, but McKinnon. McKinnon. Lemme See. Yeah. McKinnon. Yeah. McKinnon or God dog. Get, I don't know it, it's slipping my mind. You know, You know I watch hockey too. I don't know why it's slipping my mind like this. I I know he's for, he played with the Edmonton Orleans.


He's he, MCDA McDavid McDavid. Carna McDavid. Ronald McDavid. Conna McDavid. Yeah. Yeah. Hey them boy. Them boys. Good. Oh yeah. Mc And I think McKinnon mc McKinnon McKinnon and McDavid is like Jamar, chase, Justin Jefferson. I mean, that's the only, that's the only comparison I could think of, You know, in football terms. But Ovie now Yeah. Has the record. And I think he's only, he did one franchise. He's only been with the, the Capitals, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Young. Because Gretzky was in Edmonton and then he went to the Kings, but he brought, he brought hockey to Southern California.


Hey, speak. Speaking of hockey. Huh? You ever been, you ever? No, I went, I went to the, I've been, I went to what? Boom. I wonder. Boom. Ands Boomer told me to tell you what's up. Real. Hey, boom. Yeah, I, sorry. I saw him Saturday. Okay. Yeah. He, I went to a couple of Rangers games. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was just making sure you, you've been able to sit up close to the glass and understand Oh Yeah. Right there. Right there on ice. Yeah. Listen, How special the game of hockey is now, it doesn't get the love it deserves because there's so many other sports that we have to choose from and watch. But man, a hockey game up close, we talking about first dates And I said, I said taking a woman to go watch nascar. 'cause it's different. It's something she's probably haven't done before. But watching NASCAR outside is a good date. But hockey, And you get some tickets on the glass, man, listen And wear a jacket too, because I be cold as hell that Oh Yeah.


It be cold. Hey. No, that's the whole point, huh? You take it to a hockey game and guess what? Now You wanna cuddle off. You wanna cuddle, You want, there you go. She want to cuddle with you, Huh? And you got smash smashed the toilet. His, see, that's why he can't take you anything. What happened? Can't take nowhere Ash. Only Ash would put a beer on the wall and have him flash it to and get everybody sprayed with beer. Ocho Mariah carries 13-year-old son gets embarrassed when she walked into his room and ended up on his Twitch stream. Let's take a look. Hey, let's take a look. There. There she is that, what are you talking about?


That's my sister. I know. I just wanna get everyone's hope out. Are y'all, oh, okay. Y'all need to get out now. Just everybody get out. Mom, I can see you. Okay. They're saying, hi, Mariah. I love you. Oh my God. Hello, miss Carrie. Hi, Mrs. Carrie, can y'all please get out? Please? Yes, please. Hey, Mrs. Gary, Too late. Why don't you want the smile on Rocky? Can we say hi sooner? Get out of my room. Rocky, can we say hi? No, you can't say hi, mom. Stop. Why are you doing this? Hey, hey.


That, that's, Hey, that's funny. I, I gotta understand it. Listen, I don't think he understands that actually, that actually helps his twist stream in the, in the NSP. That thing. Don't care. Nothing about that, You know? No, Hell no. He like you better. Come on, mom. Come on now. Yeah. And can you imagine your mom and mi Mariah carrying you on Twitch and she coming in behind you in a, Or, or anybody? I be Beyonce, Adele, whomever. Can you imagine? And I don't care about. Yes. Hey, hey, could you imagine the blue Ivy Stream playing video game and stuff, and Beyonce having to walk in the back, or Jay having to walk in the back and come in the street? Man, that, hey, that'd be, Hey. That that'd be dope. Like, oh, that'd be dope. Because, but you have to realize Ocho kids don't view their parents like the outside door of Their, the you.


Right. You right, You right. His mom. You just dad. Right. You're right. All that other fanfare that come along with it, I don't care. Nothing about that. Don't care. Nothing about it. Right. Nothing. So, that's funny. You ever embarrassed your kids O Joe? You know, at this point my kids are, are, they're, they're so much older now. Now what I will do to embarrass 'em, graduations or stuff like that, dance recitals, cheerleading recitals, track meet. I'll be extra, extra loud on purpose In certain moments, in certain moments just to, just to have a little fun. But I try to, I try not to put any attention on me.


Especially when I go to things that they're doing. I try to make sure it's all about them. So I, I can do that. Very, very, very, very seldom. Very seldom. Titus. What's up? What Titus? Look at me. He said I'm getting my ears scratched right now. He said, dad been out of town. I haven't been able to get my shine. Titus. What's up, twin? He said, I'm gonna get me a profile. He said, I'm trying to develop me a profile. There You go. There you go. He said, I'm trying to get me a profile. How tall are you? Mm, on my hin legs. Oh. About two and a half. Okay. Maybe almost three. Say I just got a bath. I smell good.


Hey, what'd you have today? Tell 'em what you had today. What'd you eat today? Did you eat daddy chicken? So yeah, I had chicken. Say I love oxtails. Oxtails? Yep. I love pig ears. So if you go to the butcher, Markt, get some pig ears. I like them too. Wait, he eat all that? Or you just naming stuff? No, he eat all that. Oh, he eat all that. Talking about just naming stuff. Nah, he eat all that. But what, what happened to farmer's? What you call that? He Eat farmer's dog too. Those are trees. I mean, he'll eat pig. That's not a meal. Oh. I thought, oh, this, You know, I don't have no animal. I thought farmer, dog, farmer. No, No. He eat farmer's dog. Okay. But sometimes when I, when I don't wanna be bothered And I wanna watch the game in peace.


Right. I'll give him something to let him go outside. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like It. You said he likes to walk too. A 45-year-old man filed for divorce after his wife let Usher seduce her and kiss on stage. Hold on. That's sad. Husband claimed she never kissed him in public and was shocked she would kiss a complete stranger in front of 20,000 people. Yeah. Ocho in this situation. What you gonna do Ocho? What you mean OCHO entertainment? Wait, Ain't no entertainment. You ain't got no respect for me. What you talking about? You ain't got no respect for me. You already know what time it is.


But one, if, if us, she even come up to your lady anyway, and she engaged in that type of activity, knowing what time it is. You know, she'll go, honestly, to tell you the truth, 98% of women in this situation, if there wasn't 20,000 people watching, she going it is a green light. That's just li that's life. That's reality. You didn't hear me just now did you? I heard you. And she'll go if she, if you married and she'll do this in front of 20,000 people. Imagine what she'll do if it wasn't nobody watching. Oh man. You already know. I don't even wanna, oh, Come on. Hey, don't throw up. I'm just, I'm just trying to give it to you.


I'm trying to be brutally honest. Honest there. Unc there are certain situations. Listen to me, people in the chat, You know, I mean, it's, it's hard for some people to understand because most women really won't be in that situation based on who you are and based on the type of crowd that you're around. I say it all the time. There are certain men in this world, I don't care who your woman is, I don't care how loyal or faithful you think she is, there are certain situations that can come about opportunities and circumstance that she will go depending on who it is. I'm telling you, listen to me.


Damn. They could, they could talk about that High Almighty. Oh my morality, I can't do this. And I, You know, I believe in this And I believe in that. And You know, I'm, I'm a, I'm, I'm faithful man. This please excuse my language. Excuse me. Language based on opportunity and circumstance, depending on who it is trying to holler. You are going to go. I see it happen too many times. Huh? You hear me? I seen it happen too many times. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I, I, I'm a, I'm a I've seen it happen too, Ocho Yeah. You, you ain't gotta tell me or you ain't gotta tell me that The Greatest teacher in life is experience. Huh?


The greatest teacher in life is experience. I'm, hey, I'm one of them ones that Look here. I said look here babe, while you trying to get in here, we gonna be gone tomorrow. Yeah. Don't mess that up. Yeah. I don't know how long. I said, look, I don't know how long y'all been together. Come on now. Don't mess this up. Come on. I said, we, we here for a night. We here for two nights, ox. Come on With that. This man gonna be here, so. Oh, he gonna be all right. Yeah. I Okay. Come on. You. He gonna be alright. I, Hey, hey. I did what? I get my part. I get my part.


So I tried to talk out it, but hey, okay, I did my part. Now listen, there's a very, now listen, I know I said what I said, but there is a small percentage there, there, there, there's a very small percentage, You know, based on belief, based on religion, the way they were raised, their moral compass that, You know, they won't by 98%. Now there, there, there's a, there's a very, very, a very, very large percentage. Yeah. You know when, Listen, lemme lemme tell you something. I know people in the chat, they're not gonna listen to me. The one percenters in the world, The One percenters, they gonna go now I ain't, I ain't gonna lie to you.


And then you, and then you got that, that next, that next upper echelon, You know, you got, you got the billionaires. You know, they, they, they take, they, they take, they picking and they keep on ticking. Yeah. Ain't too many, ain't ain't too many people telling them no. I just think the thing is Ocho for Look, I just, I'll be honest with him. I'm saying look. Yeah. Hey, I mean, I don't know how, I don't know your situation. I don't. Right. But I've seen y'all came together. I saw y'all, you hugged up. Right. Right. Somehow you made it over here. Now look, we come on now. You know who we are. Hey, we know, You know who we are.


We don't know you. Yeah. And the likelihood we probably ain't coming back here ever again. Right, right. And don't, don't, don't do your man like that. Don't leave here. Yeah. But after she said don't worry about it. What I supposed to do on choke? Oh yeah. Oh. Oh. Hey. At that point, at point, at that point in time. Hey, slide on row. Yeah. Hey, you just said, you just said forget it. Huh? Ocho I ain of my friend. I'm gonna tell you. I'm gonna be honest. Right. Ocho, why you trying to steal my shine? O won't you go to Ocho? I'm gonna send you the ocho. Come On. Hey, send him on over here. Send him over here. He said, hey. He said I'm a chick magnet.


He said, can I pet him? No. Yeah, I can't. Unless you got a dog. Unless you got a female dog with you, you can't pet me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He said nah. He said, you ain't got no female dog with you. Nah. Said if you got a male dog, we fighting. What? Where you think you going? I love you too, buddy. This song with your bitch. Ch Oh yeah. I like this Before I see you. Hey, you here Ocho, you wanna go stay with Ocho?


Yeah. Won't die here with your boy. Man. Tim won't die here with your boy. You wanna go with Ocho? You wanna go with Ocho?


The Volume protect your end zone with the best clean pants down, dude. Wipes coming. A variety of senses and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't formula the ball with tp wetter just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your behold and make the trade of the season with switch. The dude wipes the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude, wipes best clean pants down


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details,


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 And you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. Many clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.