
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal Price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Hi everyone. It's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody Does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas To tips for the perfect holiday Feast, join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


Holiday Magic is in the air and Ds W's. Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at A DSW store near you or dsw.com.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


As A former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need. It's big enough, comfortable enough, and luxurious enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW, I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is the precision engineering, cutting edge technology and unmatched style. Whether it's spacious interior, the powerful engine, or the smooth ride, BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience and I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to BMW usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the all electric I four. Build your dream car today and join me in experiencing luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


Coach Prime tells Antonio Pierce, he wants the Raiders to draft the door. And Shiloh, if the season ended today, the Raiders would have the number two pick time faced. The Raiders will be a good spot for his son and an event in Las Vegas. Time told Pierce, you are truly the best. Now I need you to do the right, do one thing. I need you to draft those Sands boys. I Hey, hold up. I I like it though. I I like it. I like it, but I don't remember. It's very important the situations you go to, you're supporting cast. It's very important that you have the tools around you at the disposal. He got Brock Bowers. Huh? He got Brock Bowers. Okay. He, he got Brock.


Brock is the real deal. Brock might be top, top three, top four, along with, is it McBride? Did I say that right? Yeah. I don't know. Yeah, he might be top three or four. And I ain't talking about three or four and I ain't talking about two or three or four. But again, you you mean unc know we talk, we talking about the NFL now we, we need, we need more than Bowers. We need more. Oh, for sure, for sure. They, they, they, they got some, they got some good receivers, not great. Yeah, they they got good, they got good quick speedy guys. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We need just one. Just just one. I'm talking about we like, I'm part of the damn Raiders. They, they, they just need one and he he's gonna be fine. Yeah.


Yeah. I mean look, I think it'll be, look, it's gonna be very interesting to see how this thing shapes out. Right. Jacksonville has two wins. I think the Giants have two wins. I think the Raiders have two wins and at some point in time they're like, you don't ever wanna show your fan base that you don't really care about winning. I mean, because we, you know, we want, you know, we want to try to win. Right. But we really try to lose now Jacksonville, y'all ain't going look, see y'all can't, I don't know what y'all gonna do because you got Trevor. Right. I don't think Trevor going nowhere anytime soon. And he just got paid. Exactly. You got the Giants and need him a quarterback desperately.


The Raiders need a quarterback desperately. You know, there are several teams, maybe somebody moves up to get, if you fall in love with somebody during the draft process, you put 'em on the board, you evaluate 'em, you study their tape and you list like this guy is is is franchise altering. But it's gonna be, it's gonna be very, very interesting to see this thing how it shapes out Ocho. But I do think Shado is gonna be a very high pick. He's, he's made himself some money. He got coached, he got a, a coach that his offensive coordinator this year was an OC in the NFL. So he's pro ready.


His dad is a coach. You know, you like, you like, you like players, especially at the quarterback position. Yeah. That dad was a coach. So he understands it, he understands what it takes to be the mechanisms of everything that comes around comes along with being an NFL quarterback. You are the CEO gotta be buttoned up. O Joe buttoned up. Yes, sir. Gotta say all, gotta say all the right things. The right things. Yeah. Do all the right things. Right things. Yeah. It's, it's more than just playing the position. Everybody, man, who cares if lo bro, stop it. Got it. Stop it. It's different. It's different. It's just like your ceo, you, Tim Cook can't just do out the doing willing in stuff.


Even though a Apple products are doing go flying off the shelf. It doesn't work like that. Nah, there's a decorum. You know you gotta be very demure when you, when you in that dude. Wait, hold on. Whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on, hold on. You gotta be very, what? You gotta be very demure when you in that situation. I ain't never heard that before. What? That, what, what, what that mean? That's a word you have to spell at some point in time so I can't tell you what it means. Demure like D-E-D-E-M-M-O-O-R. Damn. Deir. DEM double OR de MURE. Oh, demure.


Yeah. Okay. Okay. Demure. Oh, you gotta slap talk like you french de it. Okay, okay, okay. I like that. I have french toast for breakfast this morning. What, what, what it mean again? I'm, I'm Finn use it. I'm Finn use that. It's, it's reserved. It's modest, it's shy. Oh, okay. Hey, hey. When I, when I met her, I was very Jamir. I don't think re gonna say you was the Buick re probably say you the damn fool when she met you, you was the damn fool. Two years in and you a d fool now. Yeah. You know, I, you know I'm the mue.


Yeah. I that and me, you know, Hey, when it, when the, when it's tiny shade, the covers, I get buried you under now you ain't shot down. Now you shaking a cover. You ain't shot here. Now everything goes now everything goes behind closed doors. You know what they say? Nobody knows where the nose goes when the doors close. Yes sir. Yes sir. Because when the do close it's all sex. Yes sir. That's it. That's it. I got, that's it. It ain't, it ain't listen, it ain't nothing but a meeting of the minds. Huh? That what it is. It ain't nothing but a meeting of the minds.


Hey, I, hey, I know we had a meeting of the minds before we went into the room. I'm allowed to change my mind once we get in there. Okay. I'm just saying, don't y'all, I changed my mind. That's how it was when we, before we went in there. Yeah. After we get in there, I'm like, I don I don know about this. Will they? Yes sir. And Michael Parson to the list of cowboys, icing voices clamoring for the return of Mike McCarthy, I think would be like a fair shot with everyone back, players, coaches, because the injury kinda struck of what this season could really be. The injuries have been terrible and you know, it really sucks in terms of culture. Man, Mike, damn you just said nevermind.


Coach Mike to me and his relationship has always been really good. He always took real good care of me and I just don't know how the, the business side is going to go. You know, Jerry has his own mindset about who he wants to coach. This is his team. I'm kind of like just a pawn in this business. Hold I thought a couple of weeks ago you said that, nevermind, no joke. Hey, players coming out in defense of their coach, their head coach, despite some of the things that he said in the past, having to retract it and change their tool. Now in support of Mike McCarthy, regardless of what any of the players say, and Jerry's mind, his mind is probably already made up, probably probably already made up.


You know, he gonna lie. He gonna allow Mike McCarthy to finish out the season. You know, and, and Dak came out and said it as well, I wish I had some power when it comes to the decision making. But you don't, you don't. Yeah. Everybody knows that regardless of when anybody comes out and said, you know, it's, it's good, it's good, good pr good media relations, but knowing Jerry, based on this season, regardless of the injuries or not, he clean the house probably he's clean the house. If you understand the business in general, if you understand the cache and how that specific individual runs his ship, he's clean the house. No matter what any player says, you ocho it's kinda like when a player know he's gone, the coaches know he gone.


Yeah. The player, what the coach say, I would love to have him back. He's been great. He's a great player. We, they not gonna say, nah, we want him gone. And just like players, it's, it's, it's a rare, I don I don't know if I, I've heard of, oh yeah, I would've gone. I don't like him. He's not a great coach. He's not in great situations. He doesn't make any endgame adjustments. He doesn't make, you know, quarter to quarter adjustment, halftime adjustments. I've never heard a player say that. So all this is just coaches bill for me and you know, it's, it's, it's, it's pr great PR spin and and they might sincerely want it back. Yeah. But I don't know what's, what's, what were they supposed to say? And players, players always say everything.


That's politically correct. Yes. In that setting. Nobody there. There're very few, there are very few players that have ever been in the FL that actually voiced their opinion or said what the fans are thinking or saying what we know is going on in the locker room and actually came out and said it. Right. There's only maybe May, maybe one I could think of. Shit, my dog, TTT let it be known whatever issues might be going on that the fans can see from the outside in. But as a player, you know, you're not supposed to say t gonna let you know the things that are going on inside. He gonna tell you about the elephant in the room. Oh, he, he, he gonna let it be known.


Why are we losing? Because the coaches saw straight up. Hey, you heard, you heard Chase. Chase said, man, don't ask me no questions. Right. Ask Coach, ask that I don't call getting plays, getting ball. Yeah. About getting the ball. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't call plays Don't asking me stuff. Now y'all always tell me, Hey, let the coaches coach you just play. Now all of a sudden you ask me, what can I get open on? Oh, I'm gonna play. That's your job. Hey, I love it. The guy. Oh, they equ. Hey, you do your job okay. Right. Hey, how's it looking out there? I'm doing my job.


Do my job. That what you told me to do. Yeah. It's a great game. George Pickens doesn't know him. Or at least that's what the Steelers wide receiver says. Days away from the rematch with the Cleveland Browns Steelers. Week 12 lost that the Browns was punctuated by a scuffle between Pickett and Newsom. During the game ending Hail Mary attempt, goodness asked if he would talk to Newsome before the Sunday's game. Pickens was dismissive. I don't even know who that is. The steel. His third year receiver said Friday Pickers also doubled down on his post-game assertion that he did not think the Browns are good. A good team. I just go by the record, bro. After the game, Newsome called Pickens a fake tough guy. And Friday he responded to pick his latest comments and dressed he'll going to handle the trash talk.


Feel rematch. Yeah, I'm on my team. Newsom said, obviously he's the guy who cares more about himself. And you can see that in the penalties he causes. For me, my job is to try to do whatever I can to help my team win. There's never going to be no one-on-one battle for me. I like it. I like it. I do too. Fight, fight, fight. Let's go. I need to see. Listen, we lost Mike Evans and Marshawn Latimore. We lost that. We lost Josh Norman and Odell Beckham. We lost that. So you want, you you want that? So you want that, you want that come, you want that to come back? Huh? I need this Greg Newsom.


I know you're a team player. I know, I understand it. You know your team, you know, camaraderie, hoorah, hoorah, hoorah. Man, I need this George Piggins. I need this. Keep it within the game. Keep it within the confinement. It's hard though. Ocho give me a i give me a show. Give me, I, I'm, I sw for God. I'm finna gimme some popcorn. I'm gonna kick my feet up and watch y'all go at it Sunday. Give me a show. Hey, play hard. Just don't get a penalty. Don't cost us 15. Yeah. Don't, don't get no penalties. Don't do none of that because 15, get it. Hey listen, get in each other face. Talk trash. You know, with Pickens, when you catch a ball, you know, you hit that thing they be doing there.


You know, if Greg Newsome, you make a play, you get up and you know, you do the sword Scrap. I I got a strap. I strap. Man, y'all get mad. I'm telling you. I I big of y'all man. I don't hear none of that politically correct bullshit about it. No, I'm a team player. Gimme a show. Shit. I pay, you know how much I paid for NFL Sunday Ticket. But you better gimme something. Yeah, I'm trying. I need that. What, like 300 a week? 300 a month. Ain't like 300 a month. I don't know. I'm using Fire Stick. But go ahead. Yeah, you go. I don know Shelly. I gotta call Shelly. See how much Shelly paid. Hey, I'ma, I'ma fi find me a little loophole around everything.


Yeah, I'm go, no, I think it's like $300 I think it is. I don't know. I don't know. Ash know Ash, how much is it? Because it's on your account. It is on as count. So Ash would know


Game on because ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ES ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studios, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's Right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays. Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders.


Florian's features include realtime tracking of personnel on a 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving on site safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking, Paramount Plus is your home for the Ray for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match.


Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the gala. Show a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the Uafa Chambers League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, Up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing up ISS easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on Up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated. And may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Oh, Joe. Yeah. I show speed responds to Tyreek Hill, calling him out. Man, I'm tired of hearing your ish. I pulled up on you at practice last time. You didn't wanna race me because you were scared. Let's do a hundred thousand race, 40 meter sprint. Ooh, how much? A hundred, a hundred thousand. 40, 40 meters? Yeah. Oh, shoot. Boy. I, hey, I show, I, I show speed. Speed going. Had to get out. Boy. He, he quick. Now listen, he's, he's quick, but Tyreek's strength is his star. He right, he right now. He gone That, that, that'd be a good one. Yeah. Mean a hundred thousand, a hundred, a hundred thousand of speed.


Ain't nothing but ain't But look here if I'm a professional, I'm not doing anything. I ain't pulling no hamstring. I ain't doing none of that. Raising no cash. He gonna get hurt. Man, uncle, you gotta live your life, man. Come on man. That he lived his life. He playing football. There's more to life than just football. Not, not, no, he hurt himself. He pull a hamstring now. What, what gonna say Ocho? What happen if he hurt it when he playing football, then what? That I, I, that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get hurt on they job, on they dime. Nah, he ain't gonna get hurt because you do realize, you do realize non-football related. They put you on a non football list. They ain't gotta pay you. They realize that. Right. Pay they, I I tell you what, I I I bet you now I bet you if he hurts his hamstring, they will put him on and he get not ready to go.


They gonna put him on a non-football injury list. They're not gonna do that. Why would you do? Oh, oh, Joe, tell me, tell me, what does, I just want you to tell me this. Tell me what does Tyree get out of this great content? He's in the NFL. There's still great content. There's nothing good come out of this. There's nothing a hundred thousand. Yeah. Mean this is a little fun. Let let the kids have some fun. Oh, come on man. Don't be a Debbie Downer. Yeah, you gotta live some man. So sometime listen outside of football, you gotta spread your god damn wings. It's okay. He's not gonna get hurt. Yeah, it's 40, 40 meters.


Tyreek been running since he was four years old. He gonna be all right. That's a different type of running though, Joe. Don't put that. I I wouldn't, I it's a, it's a drive. He's, oh, he's playing football right now. It ain't nothing but a draft phase. The football, it's mo round. If he gets, it's a, if he, if he gets hurt playing football, he's covered. It's just like, how many guys you heard got hurt on jet skis, got hurt, got hurt on skiing and cost them a career. Ocho I ain't never, I ain't never heard nobody get hurt running straight ahead in a straight line. I ain't never heard that. Not never, ever, especially someone that, especially someone that all they do is just run.


That's it. And they run really, really fast. I, I'm, I'm, but here's the thing. Yes sir. There's a difference between like 40 running a 40 and even Tyreek running football. Because you have to understand like, when, when you coming out Ocho you like, man, I got man that apple, that carrot is the NFL and I gotta get there and I'm chasing it. Yeah. I I don't believe Tyreek can run 4, 2 7 like he did when he came out right now. Right. Yeah. Absolutely not. You know? No, I'm, no, I'm not saying right now. I'm saying if he trained, if he were to train, I don't believe he run that again. Nah, no. You talking about Nah, he, he, he can run a four three though right now.


Hey, do you know the difference in four, two and four, you know four I four three? You know the difference. It's still a couple steps. You, a couple steps on Joe. You can reach out and touch. You can, you can still reach out and tap the four, two dude on the shoulder. It's like, it's, it's your, I mean no. Four, two dude. Go tap the four, three guy on the shoulder. The four three dude ain't tap four. Two guy on the shoulder. You know what, you know what I mean? Yeah. I mean it's just, it's, but, but, but, but Ocho there is, there is nothing good. I I know what you mean. Unc, but unc you gotta let these boys live man. Ocho have some fun. Let him o some fun. O ocho play some good content. Man. Ocho, you got content? Do you know how many highlight plays Tyree got in the NFL?


Yeah, but this would be better. Oh, he got content. I don't know if he just saw he got content. He don't need to get no more content. What he got? What he got? What he got? We don't need to talk about it. But he got great content over the last, over the last year and a half. He's produced great content. He's produced great content. Let's leave it at that. Oh, hey. He, he trying to outdo me. Huh? Hey, hold on, hold on. Wait, hold on, hold on. Hey, he think, he think he slick? Nah. Hey, hey, hey. Re hey cheater. You think he slick? Huh? You think you, you ain't Finn upstage me boy. Yeah, you ain't upstage because Yeah. Hey Tyree, future Nick Cannon. All y'all trying to, you know, trying to start on me.


He about to change his name to Bunny Rabbit. Yeah, I'm coming, I'm coming to y'all, I'm coming to see y'all. Hey, good boy. Still make it. Wait, hold on. Listen to me, listen to me. Wait till 2025. I ain't even playing. I ain't even playing. I'm, I might, I might pop, I might pop out 10. Yeah. Like yeah, mercy, Gout, Gout breaks. Usain Bolt, world record as the fastest 16-year-old human gout. Gout. Hey, he was moving, wasn't he? Gout. Gout ran 20.04 in the Australian all school championship in Brisbane on Saturday. Gout. Gout wrote you saying world right Work.


16-year-old of 20.13 seconds up on from 2003. Gout. Gout turned 17. I just like saying gout, gout, gout turned 17 on December 20th. Only man in history that have ever run faster at the age of 17, 20.4 at age 17 is Arian Knight. He ran 1984, boat ran 1993. These are adult times. And me just a kid, I'm running them. Gout said it's going to be great future for sure. I mean he long, I mean he, he, he's a, I mean if you look at it bunch yo, he look like he like, he taller him like six foot and he got a Usain boat frame.


Yeah. He, I mean he got, he's not, he's not as, I don't wanna use the word thick pause. He's, he's slender. Okay. He's 16. Yeah. He gonna put some weight on now. Yeah. He, he gonna put on and he's strong as hell to be 16 already. Yeah. He's strong. 'cause in order to run and do what you doing, you have to be able to hold and maintain. Yeah. You gotta hold the upright form up. Yeah. He, he nice now. Yeah. He nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean I love, look, I love, I mean I don't, I don't love, I didn't love running right per se. The type of running that you gotta do to be a profession, to be a a a, an elite track and field athlete.


But I just, I just love, I love watching it. I love watching it and I love seeing these young kids. It's kinda like the kids that run the 400, I forget his name from, from Maryland that's running. He's running 44. What he run 44, 20 something. I just love seeing these kids and hopefully they don't flake, they don't burn out because that's, those are some really fast times at Yeah. Really, really young ages. Yeah. Like you said, those are grown. He is. Right. Those are grown men times. And you're 16 still a teenager? Yeah. Ari Knighton, you know, turned pro. Hell, he was like a what? A sophomore junior high school. He is like, what am I getting out of this?


Let me go make me some money. I erase y'all, but I'm getting paid for this. Yeah. Oh yeah. But congratulations gout, Judy Garlands famous Ruby slippers from the Wizard of Oz have reportedly been sold for $28 million ocho. What film memorabilia would you buy if you had unlimited funds? Wait a minute, say it again. What film memorabilia would you buy if you had unlimited funds? Oh, what film memorabilia would I buy if I had unlimited funds?


You know what? You wanna know what, this is something people don't know, know about me. Obviously when I was growing up, when I was growing Up to keep me outta the streets when I was in Liberty City, obviously my grandma, when it wasn't football season, she had me taking saxophone and piano lessons. So I know how to play the piano. One of my favorite movies of all time chat. I'm not sure the age of some of the people in the chat, but if you know this movie, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. The movie's called Stormy Weather. In Stormy Weather, there's a song that Lena Horn sing called Stormy Weather, obviously. And Fat Domino is the one playing on the piano. So if I had unlimited funds, I would want the piano that Fast Domino used in that movie when it was filmed.


And that would be the, the artifact that I would buy. Yeah, I know it might, it might sound weird to some people. They'd be like, what the hell is he talking about? But dog, that's what one of my favorite artists, one of my favorite musicians, piano players in for, for that matter. Bats Domino. That's crazy. Did you ever see Stormy Weather? I did not. What about Cabin in the Sky? No. You saw Green Pastures? No. I saw a bunch of green pastures when I was growing up working on the farm. I doubt you ain't see the movie. Oh, you know Lena Horne though, right? I know who Lena Horne is. Yeah. Remember Ethel Waters?


I I heard of the name. I don't know her. Yeah. Not like, I know obviously like Lena Horne. Oh man, I think couple. I would like to have the piano. Well, the first one I want the original Batman Jack Nichols play. Wait, the costume? Yeah. I want that costume and I want that pistol. When Batman was flying in and he pulled out that long pistol, he said, come on you crew some son. What? Man, I don't care. Look, Heath Ledger did an unbelievable job. I love Heath Ledger.


He whoa, whoa. Unbelievable. He's the greatest Batman. He's the greatest joke, greatest joker of all time. Yeah. He's the greatest joker of all time. But, and that's no disrespected your time, Jack. Boy. Jack, Jack. Yeah, Jack was good. But Heath led. What, what you, you like Heath, you like Jack Over Heath Ledger that they they were, they were very DI mean, Heath Ledger character is really, really dark. I could see that he had lost go to a place. He got lost in character. Yeah, man. But Jack, man, that they, Jack. Yeah. What else would I want?


I want some, I want some, I guess the piano that Prince played in Purple Rain would be really cool. Oh, snap. That's a good one. Purple Rain. Oh bad. A that's a one F you Jimmy. Hey, you just don't wanna accept it. They don't like it like they used to. Just like your pops. That's classic man. I don't, I'm not really, I'm trying to think what would I really want.


I need some sports me memorabilia, like sports something from Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like LeBron some shoes or Jordan shoes. Kobe shoes or Jersey or something. Nah, nah. And I don't want no feeling done. Huh? But I already got, I already got LeBron LeBron's ball. Yeah. I got, I got his 40,000 ball already. Hey boy, that shit was so funny that night when I turned the ball around and it said 40,000 points. Yeah. Oh, that shit was hilarious. 28,000. Man, look here. Somebody just got a lot of money.


Lot of money, man. 28,000 for some shoes that you can't wear. Yeah. Yeah. Those, those are, those are, listen, they 28 million now imagine what they, what they're gonna be worth when they hold onto 'em for a few years. There's no place like home. There's no place like home. There's no place like home. That's classic. Oh yeah. You know, do you know what kind of dog that was? That Toto was? Toto was, wait, don't say nothing. Don't say nothing. He gotta be some type of terrier. He is. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Scottish. Nope. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Toto was was black, right?


Yeah. I'm trying to think how many terriers are there. A big That's that's a, that's a crazy group. And they win more best in shows than any other group. You never going to get it. I, I'm, I'm probably not. He's a Karen. I don, he was a Karen Terrier. Karen. Karen. K-E-R-R-Y-C Oh. Oh, damn. Okay. Damn. I went to the Westminster Dog show. I loved it. What you mean? I told y'all to been judged. Remember? It's one of, it is one of the, it's one of the, the, one of the most fun events to be a part of. The only thing I hate gang. 'cause now I'm like big boy, like, damn, I want that dog. I want that dog.


I like to have that breed. I like to have that breed. You gotta, I really, I really need to get a farm. Now. You now you need a little, a little discipline. You, you don't, you don't need no farm. You don't need No, because you won't, you won't have time to tend to all the animals. I won't. I want look. Well, I get, I want me a little miniature cow, A miniature goat, a miniature horse, and a raccoon. Hey, you, you know what's funny? What I've, I always wanted a fair for some reason, I mean, I never did get one, but I always wanted a ferra. They just seemed so I don't think they live that long. Ocho they don't? No. Oh, animals. I mean, animals don't. I mean, especially when you like domestic, I mean, you gotta understand Ocho like in the wild, they're not gonna live long because, you know, they get hunt something, eat some so average or, you know, disease.


It's not like you could, so they should live longer if you domesticate 'em. No, that, that, that makes no sense. Nah, I think like, But they're not meant to be domesticated. That's the problem. I know. But obviously if you do, and then you know, obviously need know ash. Well, you get that talking about Ash got talking about in big, bold, look what you got on my, what'd you say? Buy a farm in Texas. Hey, if you, hey, if you, And if you move to Texas, I'm going too. I don I ocho I thought I made it Up to clear. I'm staying away from Texas from No, I'm saying listen. I mean, no, we have the discipline at our big age where we can move to Texas and be okay and focus.


We can have a singular focus on work and nothing else. Here's the thing. It's like when you are recovering at it, whatever this case may be, let's just say, let's just, let's just say Ocho, I drink and, and, and, and my, I'm alcohol ocho. Yeah. I gotta drive by a bar every day. Yeah. I gotta drive by a package store every day and I can't stop. That's a good thing, UNG. Because you know what? The more you do it, the more you drive by that bar, the more you drive by that bar and create that discipline not to go in, the easier it gets over time.


If you and I move to Houston every day, listen, if you and I move to Houston, regardless of the jungle of beautiful, gorgeous curvaceous women that they have out there at our disposal, well at actual disposal, I'm not available. But anyway, but imagine the more you are able to do it, the more you see him, the more you see him out. You don't say nothing. You and you got them blinders on. Like you a horse in the Kentucky Derby and you can't see nothing but Nightcap. You can't see nothing. But ESPN, you can't see nothing but club. Over time it becomes easier. Coach. Yo it becomes routine. How many times, how many times you go to a restaurant and that guy ha hand you that dessert menu and you fool and you order dessert or you order coffee.


Now I don't get the dessert, but I I'm with you when you said coffee. Exactly. I'm with you. When you say a latte, no, see, that's a completely different scenario based on what we talk about. No, I ain't going. All right. Well, fuck it. I'm I'm gonna go move Richard then. So no, Houston, Houston is off. Forget it. Yeah. We ain't going. Maybe, maybe I about be thinking about Nashville. Wait, where? Nashville, Tennessee. Oh, hate. I mean t Tennessee. Tennessee. I, I like, I like Nashville simply for the music, the music, the different genres of music, of live music you can go watch and attend. But to live, no. And it, it is an up and coming city that's getting much better.


It's getting much better. But I, I don't wanna live there. I don't wanna live there. The music, I need focus. Hey, the jazz, the ja the jazz bars. I been, I need to be somewhere I can focus. You can focus in Houston and face everything. Everything is so clear. So crystal play. You can focus in Houston because I'm the mirror. Are you shy? That's where you way to go about. Hey, enjoy. We talk about, I move to Nashville, Jamir, every place we been, you'll move to every, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.


This ain't here, this, oh, I know if Jordan had but he got home in like 17 states. Oh man, that's like hell no. Game on.


Because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from esp n plus together like never before. With esp n plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and K nicks followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Coby from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the Holidays.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


Paramount Plus is your home for Thera for Champions league. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Champions League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you re ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Alright, it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a Q and a. Jordan Ash won Texas. Only one person is typing though. Ash. Mind Bueno said first ever split Heisman. I think it's fair. Nah, it might be close. It might be extremely close, but I don I don't, I don't, they're not splitting that award. They ain't, they ain't making two of those awards. Oh, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. You talking about the Heiser? Yes. Oh yeah. That that ain't happening. That ain't happening. Yeah.


Like I said, it might be close. I think it, it might be extremely close, but I don't see it. Serious. Business OA said, besides Oregon and UNLV 10 13, Jenny games have been against FCS for group five opponents. He played one Power five school all year. He played Portland State, Utah State, Wyoming, Georgia, Southern Nevada, Hawaii. Come on man. Imagine if Coach Prime and Travis played against Portland State, Hawaii, Wyoming, San Diego State Georgia. Southern Utah State, and three in 10 Nevada. They make excuses and close their eyes for Genty. Ojo what you think? Hey, hey listen, I, there's something that they always bring up, especially when it comes to draft drafting, especially scouts.


They always bring up the level of competition you playing against we played. Yeah. You know, and this is something that, that can, that can raise concerns. But I think either way, what he's been able to accomplish at the running back position and putting himself into that group and being eligible to win a Heisman based on what he's accomplished, regardless of who he's playing against, is still commendable. But Scouts will always use that against you. Yeah. Especially when you come, when you go to a smaller school and you play astronomical the way he has this year. But you gotta Yeah. Yeah. You have to. Yeah. You, you have to play above, above and beyond. Yeah. When competition is at this level. And that's, that's no disrespect to him or the team or, or the, or the, the entities he's playing against.


But it just, it just, it is what it is. It's just the way they are. Right. I agree. When you playing the level of competition, you have to put up astronomical numbers. You look at Randy, what he did at FCS when he was at Marshall. You look at Jerry, what he did at Division two six for Mississippi Valley State, myself, you got OCHO because if you putting up regular enough, you put up a, you in, you know, an HBCU and you put up a thousand yards as a receiver, they ain't even really giving you no attention. Right. You gotta be spectacular, bro. I had 60 catchers, 1300 yards of 18 touchdowns and nine games. Yeah. And so, you know, I had to be all, I had to be all world ocho. Yeah. And you have to be because they like, look, this guy, he probably got his, his receiver coach is probably the offensive coordinators and he's probably also coaching the running back.


Right. So, you know, you got a running backs coach, you got a tight ends coach, you got a wide receivers coach, you got a Oline coach, you probably got tackles coach, you got outside linebackers inside linebackers, DB corners safeties. They like, what are we, what are we doing here? Right. Right. So Genty has done what he was supposed to do. Exactly. He put the numbers up going against inferior competition and he didn't just put up no 150. He put up the one 90, he put up the 200. That's what you have to do. That's what you have to do. So he did what he was supposed to do. Dab Smith said, I don't give a damn what Bama fans say.


They didn't earn the right for a spot three losses and not played today for the conference. Chip outta here. False. Yeah. Yeah. You might, you might not like it, but again, you follow the money. You follow the money. That's all we need to remember. So when Alabama gets into this playoffs, remember I said it first, somebody gonna get bumped because Alabama follow the money. That's all it comes down to at the end of the day. All right. Jonathan Watson said, how about the Mighty Ducks of Oregon. Oregon now to the Mighty Ducks movie being the number one seed and looking like they were quack quack their way to a TL.


What you think, Joe? Dang. Listen, everybody been inconsistent this year. Everybody been inconsistent this year. Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama, Florida, LSU. Who else? Texas. Everybody's been up and down. Nobody's been dominant at all. It just so happens that Organ Oregon hasn't lost a game. Yeah. But that's the thing I love about college. They, they, they gonna quack, quack. They, they go, they go, they deserve to quack, quack they ass all the way to goddamn Atlanta. Because what? So you'll have to play three games, right? Yeah. No, no, no. They have to win two games. Yeah. So if you, if you play, if you play the first round, you gotta win that game and then you'll play another game and then the winner and then, you know, the two winners will play of the four teams.


Right. So you got three games. Well that's a, that's a boat load of money. A boat load. And who's gonna bring the money? SMU Bama, who's gonna bring the money? Bama or I Indiana. Hey, well that shit, I just be, look for me. Look, look, I I I like Alabama a well, I don't get nothing either way. I, I I don't, but I just know, I just know how teams, they want teams that's gonna, that that fans follow Alabama, Alabama travels them. Blue Bloods travel, Texas travels. Oh yeah.


Them Blue Blood, a Georgia, you saw that stadium? Did you see how much Red Black was in that stadium? Crazy work. Yes. They travel, I'm here, man, that man had traffic nine o'clock this morning. People I went to get my hair cut at, at like 1230. Man, they all, they skewing the game I think was the game is at four and they already out there skewing. That's crazy. So, hey that wait that early because where I get my haircut, I mean you can, you can, you can literally walk to the Mercedes-Benz. Don't, I mean it's, it's a good, it's a half a mile, but the parking, I mean, you, you wanna pay a hundred dollars a park or you wanna pay $25 and walk a half a mile.


Most people go walk, play $25, walk a half a mile. And plus you got more area where you can, you know, you can grill. You know, you got the kids, they throw in the football and they got their beer they drinking, you know. But yeah. Teams like that man. They, they travel man. They, hey, and at the end of the day, that's what they want. Right. They don't want to have, they don't want to have Phil Stadium. They want it all the way. Phil, Jim Slam 92 is Bowers winning offensive rookie of the year over boy and Jade? No, no. He win a little over a quarterback. Come on now. He gonna have, I mean he's gotta be woo, he gotta be lights out.


Yeah, he, he would have to be lights out and then the quarterback and also if he's lights out, that mean the quarterbacks can't be playing. Well bless you. Because if the quarterbacks are playing well, I mean, look at Jay Daniels team. They're like, they're second in the east, the Broncos. I mean they won eight, they won what? Eight games? It's just hard. And he's two and nine. I mean, they won two games now. Nah, no, but he's having a phenomenal rookie season. He he's gonna go over, he probably gonna go well over a hundred catches gonna go over over a thousand yards.


Huh? He he over a thousand already? Nah, I think he got like 8 44. Yeah, he, he'll be over, he'll be over there in two more games. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. He definitely going to that. He gonna be way over a hundred catches Ocho he got an outside chance to break the tight end rec most receptions in a single season by tight end. And he's gonna do that in his rookie season, if I'm not mistaken. He'd probably be the second tight end to go over. Nah, I think Kyle Piss did maybe the third to go over a thousand yards. Bless you. Damn. Thank you. In his rookie season, Mike Dicker did it, his rookie season. And Kyle Pit did it, his rookie season goal. So he'll be a phenomenal co company.


But no, I, I think, I think Jayden after the way he played Sunday kind of after what he did to Tennessee Ocho, I think he threw for three touchdowns, ran for another. I think he got, you know, I think he might have stepped back in front of Bo with that performance. Right. But Bo but Bo's been playing, but Bo's played well. He's been playing well. He got the Broncos right in the thick of it. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. We greatly appreciate it. We know it's a little late here on the east coast, but we thank you guys for staying up with us and supporting us like you've always do.


Like you've always done. Please, y'all know me. I'm your favorite aunt. I'm Shannon. That guy is Liberty City Zone. Bingo, ring of Fame artery. The pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. Tell a family member, friends loved ones, Hey man, y'all need to subscribe to Nightcap man. Y'all need to follow Uncle Ocho, man 'cause they be giving it to us straight. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from and we thank you guys for your support. We greatly, greatly appreciate that because without you, there could be no us go check out Shaa by La Porter.


We have it in stock and we want you to have a very festive holiday season. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Portier. Now if you can't find it, any city or state near you, you can order it online and we'll get it to you just in time for your holidays. And one more thing, please drink responsibly. Don't follow my media company or all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. We had drops that just new t-shirts, new sweats we had stocking stuffers like beanies, cruises and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Presale tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first tour stop are on sale now you can find the link on all of our social pages.


The artist presale, code N as in Nancy, S as in Sam, F as in Frank, W as in William, who put instead of worship, UNC and Ash and Jordan move to next 70% said Houston. 30% said Nashville. Oh, so so we go. So we going to Houston? Yeah, no we not Y'all going to Houston. I guess they gonna be working, working remote Jordan, you gonna get a lot of miles Then Oregon wins the Big 10 title. Dylan Gray, throw some four touchdown leads. The number one Oregon Ducks passed the number three Penn State nit me Lions 45 to 37.


Nico Reed picked up Drew Lar and, and ended any chance that Penn State had of tied this game. Getting into the overtime situation, Clemson wins the a CC title with a 56 yard walk-off field goal. The Stu S-M-U-S-M-U, first year in the A, c, C. But Clemson is back at top of the A, CC as they win it with a 56 yard walk-off field goal. The Georgia Bulldogs win the SEC title game again. The number five Bulldogs clenched the first round by 2219 with a walk-off win in overtime as they beat the number two, Texas. Despite Carson Beck's injury, Arizona State will make the college football playoffs.


They won 45 19 over Iowa State to win the Big 12 title Cam Scott Bo, Arizona State 16 rushes 170 yards two touchdown. He was sensational and he's been sensational all year long. They're headed to the college football playoff with the demolition over Iowa State and the number 10 Boise State. Grab the college football spot. They beat number 19 UNLB 21 7 to win the Mount West Championship. Aston Genty ran for 209 yards on 32 carries. Now he has 2,497 yards. He's 132 yards short of breaking Barry Sanders single season rushing record.


That concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night after Sunday night football. Thanks for joining us guys, The Volume


as we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Face Bank. Na member FDIC.


Did you know there's no Tom At TOMS, our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embraced cozy comfort with TOMS from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr Godde slip bonds. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now at TOMS dot com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com,


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast Network.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's OD o.com. Good job. Thanks.