
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments, and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


It's nostalgia overload. As Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Dos Amigos, Wilber's friend and former, that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah, but it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen To Do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up federation? It's Freddie Prince Jr. And wrestling with Freddie is back and we're going all in on WrestleMania 41 from the unpredictable to jaw dropping finishes. This year's mania might have just changed everything. By the way. Almost all the matches that we saw looked like real fights. I thought. Like they were like, yo, we're going hard today. Tomorrow we're gonna hurt, but we're going hard today. Yeah, because it was like beast mode times 10 out there. Listen to this episode of wrestling with Freddie on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume Sura Sanders is drafted. 1 44 in the fifth round, the Browns traded up, the selected. All these anonymous reports are coming out about Shado having bad interviews, especially with the Giants. According to Todd McShay, Shado completely bombed his interview with the Giants. He didn't have a great interview with head coach Brian Dayal. The preparation wasn't there for in, for an install package. Day ball called him out and Sanders didn't like it. Day ball has gone eight and 26 over the past two, two seasons.


So he probably knows a thing or two about being unprepared, to be honest with you. I mean, you go eight and 26, you go eight and 26 being unprepared. You'll know an unprepared person when you see one. Yeah. Considering over the last two years, that's kind of exactly what you've been. And then there's been reports of him having a big entourage because his brother shoots videos of him being in the family. He's with his brother and his family. No drinking, no drugs, no controversy, just living his life. Ocho this is, I'm gonna start with you first. Yeah. Here that he didn't do well in the interview. Yeah. He didn't hit it off with coach day ball and seemed like he was unprepared.


Didn't the entourage? Okay. Go ahead. Right. I I I don't believe it. Huh? I don't believe it because every single NFL player, every single, when I say every single, I mean every single has an entourage. Most of the entourages is family and friends. If it's not family and friends, it's friends that you grew up with, right? Everybody has that. So I'm not sure why that even came into play. And we talk about everybody regardless of race, regardless of of, of ethnicity. It doesn't matter. So that's one thing. Interview, interview goes bad unprepared. Now I think I'm thinking about a son of one of the greatest players of all time, who's always been prepared and coached and having tutelage from one of the best of all time.


And for some reason, all of a sudden he wasn't prepared for an interview when it comes to the game of football in which he's the quarterback again. That's something else that's not believable. Now, You know, media, media, media can, can, can, can screw things and report things that obviously aren't true. Bingo, forget that. So he drops to the Cleveland Browns round five. What? Pick 1 44. What was it? 1 45, 1 44. I'm, I'm, I'm not even tripping at this point. I'm not even tripping at this point because Prime obviously is prepared, should do it for any and everything. Dealing with media, dealing with, with, with, with those that doubt you. So I'm just happy he has this opportunity because what's happening in this scenario, in this situation in which I still believe is collusion.


I'm not talking about race. I'm not talking about race at all. I'm just speak, I I'm just saying a collective collusion against Brother Sanders and all the things, and then just the hype. And listen the machine again. I I said it last night. I said it last night. We have choices. People choose what they want to see. I said it yesterday, I'm not talking about race at all. One thing for sure. The machine is undefeated and will always remain undefeated anytime it feels not really threatened, but there's another name or family that thinks they can come in and do things their way. They, they'll humble you. And this was, this was the ex example of it.


An example of it that we've never, ever, ever seen before that this magnitude on. We've never seen anything like this. No, I'm happy for sdo. I'm happy for Shiloh and for Shado Sanders getting the opportunity to play for the Cleveland Browns. His situation is simple as put. It's delayed, but it's not denied. It's not about where you go. It's what you do once you get there. So now You know what you need to do. The Browns haven't had a quarterback. They haven't had a quarterback, a sufficient quarterback, a consistent quarterback for Bernie Za hey ribs, since Bernie for a very long time. This might be their calling. This might be their blessing. This might be his blessing even going there. So I'm, I'm happy for him.


He's gonna do what's necessary. I'm sure he had the chip on his shoulder and, and I'm excited because in that, in that a FC North, You know, it run through Cincinnati and the only way you gonna get it done is if you got a quarterback. I I just, I I just, I just had to add a little piece in there. I I saw that. I saw you throw that in there. Didn't you think it one? Honestly, man, guys, to be honest with you, I mean I, I feel for him, obviously, You know, you work so hard and it's tough when you to go first round. I had a situation once, it's not, obviously not the same because basketball is totally different as far as what the number of people that get picked. But I was at the, with my best friend, Nazi Mohammed was supposed to be picked louder when he came out and na slid to 29 and just sitting there and I obviously it was nothing like when you had to actually wait a whole nother day to get drafted two days, but just to see if sly, huh?


You weigh two days. He got drafted today. Yeah. To had to draft thought wait two days. So it's, it's, it's different. But I think like this, to be honest with you, I seen, I Think you have to play the game, Shannon, to be honest with you, I think if he would've I play, I'm just gonna play the game till I get drafted, whatever that would've been. Whatever. And I think sometimes that's what not, and I'm not sure this, you guys could correct me if I'm wrong 'cause it seemed like I never seen an agent and obviously I'm watching from afar. I'm watching off TV on social media. Right. Did he, do we have an agent? I don't know. I been shallow, made a joke talking about our dad was our agent and we might need to hire a new agent. Okay, look. Right. I don't know because I think, I think You know how this is, sometimes you have an agent, he can tell you the truth behind closed doors of what they actually saying and what you need to work on.


So by Dion being a dad, he probably not really hearing everything. They probably can't tell him. So he's not hearing everything that they're saying. So I think that was probably one mistake and I don't know if he had an agent or not. So if, if the agent to kind of buffer that to talk to him and kind of figure it out. But you gotta figure this thing out, man. I think what one thing about it, it was about interview. I don't think a skillset set. I mean put the numbers up. The numbers speak for they self. Yeah, they had the numbers. So we gotta look at some of the other stuff. I mean I worked out for nine teams when I came out. I interviewed with nine teams. So you gotta go through that process. I'm not sure how he interviewed. Maybe that was a little sketchy. That can rub some GMs in the execs the wrong way.


You know, sometimes if you don't interview well maybe the swagger what he's coming with, great family, family dynamics, his family's gonna support him. Obviously he has a certain swag, a certain order he carries with him, which we all love. And we all, we just talked about that we, we liked that we talk, we all, all three of us talk trash. We all celebrate. Yeah. We all have fun. So we know that. So that's not the problem. We brought our own styles. So that wasn't a problem with 'em. I just felt like they didn't play the game that everybody else played and they wanted to show them that, look it's still the NFL, we still run this, you still gotta go through this proper pecking order.


And I think that's what it was. Thank you. That's what it looks like. You, you can't look at his, if you look at his numbers, the skill of them, the guys that got picked perform all this stuff. It doesn't make sense. Right. So it's gotta be something behind the scenes. Yeah. It can't be football ability. It has to be something behind the scenes. That's why I said if he had an agent, maybe somebody that could hear the noise. 'cause he probably didn't hear the real noise. Correct. You know what I mean? We, we on TV watching all the analysts and everybody, but You know, y'all perfect to so much information. Y'all only prep you so much we not hearing that real noise. You know what I mean? So that's what your agent gets that for you to kinda help you out and maybe help you get your act together. That's why I really wanted to know if he had an agent. But then, You know, the funny thing about it wan even, even at that point, you are who you are.


Shado is who he is. The Sanders family. They are who they are. That, that, that's it. And they've always been Yeah. Unapologetically themselves. And that rubs a lot of people. Wrong. A lot of people don't like that. Including some of those in the NFL. Some of the things that Dionne said in the past, they probably didn't like, they probably didn't like it. You know, he wanted to pull an or a Archie and Eli, Archie Manning, he wanted to pull, You know, but, but Eli, that probably, they probably didn't like it. They quote and tweets that he said long time ago. And I know, let me tell you why. I know this is all collusion. You know, I I I think about some like, like going, You know what, I'm not even gonna bring that up. I'm not gonna bring it up. I'm happy he got where he needed to go.


This is exactly where we're supposed to land because I guarantee you watch it be a blessing in disguise and them never having a quarterback. And all of a sudden for some reason Shado be in the answer for the next decade. Hope you Right. Watch what happens. Can I ask you guys something as, as a ba as, as a, as a, I'm a basketball guy. I wanna ask you some Chad, you can, you can answer this 'cause you're talking right now. Can you answer this? Is the Cleveland the right fit for him? Because sometimes let's let's disregard what number he went. Did he go to a good situation where he can actually be able to showcase himself and have a real opportunity to be a starting quarterback in the NFL? Do you guys like that situation? If the GM and the owners are competent when his time comes to be able to compete for a starting job, if they continue to build around them, yes, it's the right place.


If they continue to do right by the quarterback position, like other teams are doing, like they do for the Mahomes and they do for the Jalen hurts and they do for, You know, the other quarterbacks, the, the Jayden Daniels. As you continue to, to put the pieces to the puzzle to around him while you have a quarterback on a very, very cheap, I hate using that word, cheap, but You know, a very affordable contract, rookie contract around him. Yeah. I think he, he's he's in the right place. But if they do what they've always done for a very long time where, where they've been through 276,000 quarterbacks, then it would be the same, the same process will repeat itself. They had Baker Mayfield, he had the number one pick. There was nothing wrong with Baker Mayfield because look what he's doing in the, in the Tampa Bay.


So that, that tells you where the problem lies. That the problem lies with Cleveland internally. Now you got opportunity again. Let's not f it up. Yeah, I do. I love, I love when quarterbacks, young quarterbacks come in and have an unbelievable support system. Hopefully you have somebody that can, that's really smart. Schematically knows how to diagram plays Ocho knows how to put quarterbacks in the right situation. Sir, you have a decent running back. I'm, I'm not saying you need Saquon. I mean, although that would be nice to have a Seon Barkley and a a Derrick Henry on a rookie quarterback. But you need quality receivers. You see CJ Strau where he went and had success, look at the receiver court that he had. You look at Jayden Daniels, look at the receiving court that he had.


The question is, are there enough pieces around any quarterback for, regardless if it's a rookie or not, is there enough pieces around him so he can adequately do what he needs to get done? I think Stefanski is, is an unbelievable coach. He's a coach of the year. He knows how to call plays, he knows how to scheme plays. And so now it's, it just comes down to, okay, when you get your opportunity, you gotta shine. You gotta prepare like there's no tomorrow because that's already out there. Ocho you see what they're saying? He was unprepared. You see what they did Ocho See we already put that out there on you now. Hey, that's the game, huh? They gonna play the game. They're going to play the game. There's only one way you could beat the game, huh? That's in between the lines. Yeah.


No matter what to say, it blocks out all the noise. You can only beat the game in between the lines. That's it. No matter what they say. But I, I, but I will say this O Joe, I don't know if they're gonna allow lucky to go in and film everything that sh that that Shado is doing. That's over, that's over. Now when you, when you at Colorado and your dad's the head coach, they're gonna allow that. That's over with now. Yeah. I mean they understand that. But I thought he was the, I thought, I thought he was the video guy. I thought he's the video guy. No, you can't, you ain't gonna have no no personal video guy. You can Yeah, you can't, you can't, yeah, you can't do that. Now once, once you enter that building, once you on grounds in that facility, all that, all that's done. Yeah. And so, yeah. And so that's, that's having an entourage.


Yeah, I I I don't, and like I said, I don't know, I don't know if he went to the building and they tried to go in the meeting rooms and, and Bucky was trying to capture content, content. He doesn't have an agent because time agent was Eugene Parker rest his soul. Eugene passed away several years ago. And so I'm sure Time will probably interview somebody now. And I agree, I agree with you. Awan probably, and that's the thing because you have an agent and they hear things and they can tell you things. Now they're gonna all the really, really bad stuff. They ain't gonna share that with you because they don't wanna mess with you Mentally. Mentally. Yeah. But they'll, they, they'll share enough of stuff with you so you get the picture and get a great understanding of what's actually going on.


So, Hey, go ahead. Hey uncle, if I'm not mistaken, I, I, so, You know, obviously my agent was obviously when I first got in the league, Jerome Stanley phenomenal dude. Did, did, did really well for me. You know, on the back end of my career, in the middle, on the back end, it was Drew Rosenhaus. And if I'm not not not mistaken, I saw Drew Rosenhaus post for Shiloh Sanders once he got drafted. So I'm assuming Drew Rosenhaus must to be represent representing Shiloh. Yeah, I'm not sure if he represent Shado though. Right. I get it. Because okay, de Brian's court, the current quarterback room. Deshaun Watson, Joe f Flaco, Kenny, Pickett, Dylan, Gabriel, Shado, Sanders, Deshaun, Watson Starter F Flaco the vet. If Deshaun can't go, you got Kenny Pickett the backup, Dylan, Gabriel, rookie, Shado, rookie fifth, what's going on?


I mean, damn, what's really going on? What's really going on? O Joe? Hey, he, I like, he, I like to compete. I ain't got no problem with it. I like to compete. Who I need to beat out. I love Kenny Pickett. I love, I don't know how you beat Deshaun out when he got another 48, got $38 million this year and another 40 million next year. How you beat him out? Deshaun? Hey, he not Deshaun not playing this shit. Okay. He not gonna play this year. Okay, so now you got think ac nail AC nails. Yeah, you got Achilles, Achilles, Achilles, Achilles. Yeah. So listen, I'm, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Es I'm gonna tell you how it's gonna play out the, it's gonna play out. I love Kenny Pickett. I'm, I love Kenny Pickett. I love that, that You know Brother Gabriel, but Shado, if he does what he's supposed to do, You know, we've seen Kenny Pickett already.


We haven't seen Dylan Gabriel yet, but I'm just saying, I know probably Flaco gonna start, he gonna start at some point. Stewart gonna get a shot at some point. He gonna get that shot.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


It's nostalgia overload As Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Dose Amigos, Wilber's Friend and former, that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah, but it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen To do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Wrestling fans all over the globe. It's Freddie Prince Jr. And on wrestling with Freddie, we're breaking down every damn moment from WrestleMania 41 2 nights nonstop chaos, legends, surprises, emotions, and some of the best wrestling we've seen coming from WWE. We've got takes, we've got questions, and we have a whole lot of love for what these men and women pulled off at mania. Tiffany Stratton, she earned her stripes at WrestleMania. And I don't mean because she won, she bled for her art. And it always felt like to me, after the attitude era, once a wrestler gets cut and you see real blood coming out of their mouth or real blood coming out of their head, the crowd kind of goes, Hey, respect. And they kinda give you that nod, right? You go, wow, every one of these guys is bleeding for the rug, bro. That's literally like blood, sweat and tears. That's all they got is blood. We're talking Cody, we're talking Ria, Roman, Seth, Tiffany, the future of the business is bright. And if you watched mania and you're still buzzing, or if you missed it and want to know what went down, we got you. Listen to this episode of wrestling with Freddie on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


And when the door opens. Let me ask, let me ask both of you guys, let me ask both of you guys, why would Cleveland do, why would Cleveland do that? Why would Cleveland want a quarterback room with five guys? Does that bring up a, is that, does that mean anything Him three. Yeah, they gonna keep three. Oh, okay. Because Desha, Deshaun, Deshaun is not playing this shit. Sorry, keep begetting. He not playing, he's not playing until like January or February, something like that. You right. I forgot he didn't play. You might as well just go ahead and, You know, put him on IR and go ahead and let that go. What? I don't get Cleveland, at some point in time, y'all gotta stop trading back. Y'all coulda had Julio Jones, you traded back. You coulda had, you coulda had Travis Hunter and Ur and you traded back.


Yeah. At some point in time when guys are sitting there waiting for you to take them, take them right, take them. It's okay. But I guess they're looking at it like we're more than one player away. But sometimes that player can help change things around. I I, I don't, I don't get it. I don't get what they're doing with this situation. Like you said, Twan, he had an unbelievable college career. He played well at Jackson State and then they said, well yes, Jackson State, that's why you're doing that. He goes to Colorado, he puts up exceptional numbers, You know, great completion percentage, he throws guys open. No, he's not the most athletic guy, but it is. He's not a decap athlete.


He don't need to high jump, long jump pole vault shot put hurdle a hundred, 400, 1500. He don't need to do all that. All he needs to do, can he take three? Can he drop back five? Can he zone read? Can can he do the stuff? Can he process information in a hurry? Yeah. That's what a quarterback needs. He needs to be confident, he needs to be able to process information in the hurry and he needs to be able to retain information. I mean, he's shown you that. He's shown you he can do that ever since he, I mean from, from middle school to high school to college. So let's see if that, if that's transferable. I like to think, I like to think that it is. But you don't know Twan, You know this same thing with all sports. You don't know what you have in the guy until you get him in your building and put him in your uniform.


Yes sir. That's when you 100% know for certain what the hell I got. Yep. Because all this other stuff where he won this award and he did all this and he did all of that. And I've seen it having played in the NFL guys come in and have all these credentials and I like, I don't know how they, Hey, somebody gave you a fake passport because I don't know how you get all that. I don't know how you get all that. Let me ask you guys in football, is is it about the number or is it more about the fit? Fit? It's always gonna be fit. Yeah, it's always gonna be fit. Fit. So always. Do you guys think it's a, so if you had the Greg this fit, where would you guys go right now?


I know you gotta go compete. I like when you had to this fit. I would've liked New Orleans a little better. I would like New Orleans better too. But the thing is now, because Twan, I was telling OCHO la last night is that I went to a team, I was a big wide receiver. I went to one of the three teams that had the H back position. Washington had the H back position. The Broncos had the H back position and the Chargers. San Diego, they were in San Diego then had the h back position. Every tight end on the roster got hurt. I'm the biggest receiver coach. Reeds come a would you be willing to move the H back? Oh, I'm gonna catch the ball. Yeah. If you throw me, if you, you learn the plays.


Okay, so now here I am a big wide receiver. Imagine I don't go to a team that has the h back position. So I switch midway through like a third of the way. I have like, probably like week eight, week nine, week 10, they move me to like tight end caught up and the rest of that, they say history. So it's absolutely yeah where you go. Not a lot. I get it because a lot of times wan You know, this first four or five picks, they get a boatload of money. Now you wanna make a boatload of money for a short period of time for an extended period of time. Because I had a 14 year career. There are a lot of guys that went in the first round. Don you, they made money for a three, four year period.


I made money for a 14 year period. It's not how much money you make, it's how long you make money and then what you gonna do. It's not how much money you make, it's how much you keep. So it's absolutely wan fit. Yeah. Where you go that fit and what'd they do for you while you there. And I, it's better for him too though. He got and, and he made a little money in the, in the IL space too. So yeah, he made a little money. Had he known, had he known what he known he'd have stayed in college and made some more NIL money. He like hell, if y'all gonna take me to field ground, he made more NIL than what is rookie contract gonna be on show? Yeah. Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah, that is right. Exactly. Wow. Yeah. But listen, I I I think, I think the situation in general is good for him.


It it, it puts a chip on the show. Yeah. Oh, this is, this is how you feel about me. Okay, bet. Hold my beer. I got this. Watch me, I've done, I listen, I faced adversity before. I've had the hurdle obstacles before. This isn't just another one that's in the way I'm going to show you, I'm going to prove to you that I'm worthy of doing all the things you said. I can't Oh, you feel I'm a fifth round pit. I'm, I mean I'm, I'm a fifth rounder. Okay. Bet. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not tripping. The Jaguars are a hundred percent committed to Travis Hunter letting him play wide receiver and corner. They told him you got a bold vision and we got a bold vision for you. Yeah. Ocho. Yeah. What you thinking?


I like what you mean what I'm thinking. I'm thinking do ball man. I like it. I like it. They listen. He said, he said it not only during the interview process, allowing him to do what he has dreamed of and been working on the entirety of his career so far. I mean far as colle, collegiate wise, he said he has a belief and beliefs. He believes that's the one thing that you need in anything that you do. Yes. Regardless of whether it's the corporate world or whether it's sports. I, if I believe I can do it, I can achieve it. You and I, we have different beliefs on whether they can do it at this level, but we're gonna find out now we're gonna find out if we can play both sides of the ball. I like the fact that the owners, the GMs and everyone else inside that, that la that locker room are going to allow him to do exactly what he did in college.


To what extent, I'm not sure. Right. To what extent. I'm not sure. I think they gave a brief, a brief press conference on, on ways they can figure out on how to do it. I'm just excited. Yeah, man. I'm happy. I'm happy for Trav. I'm happy for the Jaguars, I'm happy for the, the fans in that city, especially the city itself, man, they, they got a good one. They, he gonna put some butts in the seats and he gonna make it exciting for the next, next decade. I got a question for you guys, just, You know, as football guys, just honestly, which, if you, you guys know how talented he is and how good he is, which one he is best at, which one do you think he could be? The which one you think he could be great at? I know you don't want, it's hard to pick one side, but I'm pretty sure he is better than one side than the other.


Me. I look, IIII like him at db. I I do too. I, I, yeah, I like him because I think he has incredible instincts. I think his instincts are crazy the way he can see and his recognition to see this and diagnose it. And that's what the really great corners can do Twan, is that they can see a formation, they'll see a split and they'll know automatically what's coming. So I look at, I look at this split, I look at these two receivers over here. I might take a glance over there. I go, okay, I got something for y'all. Run it if you want to run it, if you want to try to run me off deep and try to run this sound right here behind it and watch what I do to it. I think he, yeah, I think he has, I think he has unbelievable instincts, unbelievable recognition and you build a package around him and Ocho remember we talked about Brian Thomas Jr.


Yeah. There he a lot better than Brian Thomas Jr. He not No, no, no, he not. No, no, no. He's phenomenal. Brian Thomas Jr. If he, he, he, that guy, listen Brian Tight, TA Antoine Brian, Tom Jr. Is one of those receivers that will probably be a top five receiver maybe, maybe after this year. He's that good. Yeah. Outta outta LSU when you already know what LSU produced. Yeah, yeah. He wanted, he wanted them ones weight probably third down packages. Right. But but see that's, but see people when when OCHO and I, we try to explain to people, yeah, build a package, You know, you have a, a third down package or you have a specialty package or a group of plays that you feel comfortable with him. Maybe it's in the red zone, right? Maybe it's in certain areas of the field, certain situations.


But people are like, nah, just let him play as much as he wanna play. No, no, no. Okay. You can't, you can't, you can't run him into the ground you want, you want him to play and make sure he is efficient on both sides of the ball. Yes. You want him to be efficient, can handle that. Can he handle that physicality? Is his body makeup ready for that physicality? There's the mental approach because you got the study. I mean you, like I said, okay, we saying one thing Ocho about rot recognition as a db. But you have to understand also you have to understand coverages from a, a, a, a wide receiver perspective. Right. You have to understand. So let's just say for the sake of argument, you play in Miami, okay? You guard Tyre for, for 12, 8, 10, 12 plays and now you gotta go up against Jalen Ramsey.


But You know what I'm saying? You know, you, you, you guard ze flowers and you gone up Bahar Bateman and then you gotta go up against Marlon Humphrey and Wiggins. So You know, you got to be, because you look, there are very few teams in college that had an elite corner and a elite DB Uhuh. You gonna get it every week now you get it every week, week. Even if the guys aren't Pat c they really good. So now you got, you got a a a a Nico and now you got Darryl Stingley and you got Stingley. Ooh, that's a nasty combo. I understand what you're saying. Yeah, I see what you're saying. Yeah. Ain't no nights, ain't no, ain't no nights off.


I'm sorry. Ain't no, ain't no Sundays off. I'm sorry. Sunday ain't well Sunday, Sundays, oh Joe, Joe Warren Moon personally Unretired the number one for Cam Ward Pro Football Hall of Famer. Warren Moon currently the only blank quarterback in the Pro Football Hall of Fame gave up his number. Famous number one. Yeah. Gave his blessing and allowed Cam Ward to wear the jersey previously retired by the Titans recently said it would consider giving this blessing to Ward toward the digit. I'm thinking about it said Moon, when asked if he would allow permission to give Ward the number to Ward, should wound or should Warren have felt pressure to do this on Joe?


I would, I I wouldn't say pressure, but Cam Ward is special. Cam Ward is a special player. He is obviously he's coming to, he's coming to the Titans and why not continue that legacy? Why not continue that legacy that Warren Moon set, You know, when he was there and allow Cam to, to carry that torch on, You know, wearing the number one as a new franchise quarterback, hopefully for the next decade or so. I, I like it. It's a dope move. It's a dope move. I, Joe, I wouldn't if Cam even knew. You think Cam knew? Yeah. Hell yeah. Okay. Okay. That would've been a dope surprise for one. But lemme ask you this. I want to ask Joe. Joe, you got your number retired, somebody come in and they wanna wear that. They wanna wear Joe, they wanna wear that. What you doing, Joe?


Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm doing it all. If it's special, You know what I mean? He number one pick, he been wearing the number one, You know, shout out to OG for, You know, taking out the letting, letting young boy take off with it. Yeah. I ain't, I mean I don't, I don't got ego when it comes to that. Hold on, hold on Uncle Joe. We ain't just giving anybody that number. You got to be that boy. Yeah. And Cam Ward is that boy, so it's understandable. That's someone, You know what Maj majority number retired, but for him? Yeah. Oh yeah, I'm good. I I I re I relinquish that. Absolutely. Joe, you had several numbers. Were you always seven Joe?


Nah man, I wasn't number what? You weren't seven in Phoenix? Nah, I wasn't. Look, I, I wore, I just, I just got seven when I got to Brooklyn. But coming up like through junior high and high school and college, I wore number 24. Okay. So when I got to the pros, I got drafted by Boston. They ain't got no numbers. Yeah, every number. They got big numbers. 44, 55, you, you can't get no single digit numbers. 24 after question. Man, they got so many numbers retired. So look, the only number they had that I could get was 31. So I rock with 31. Yeah, you had Cobra, Maxwell Jersey. Yeah, that's my guy. Corn brand. Hey look, I'm in the rafters after that Boss 31.


When I get traded to Phoenix, I'm trying to get 24, but I'm playing with Tom gta. Tom GTA got 24 so I ain't even Finn ask for they two, four. You can go on and keep it right. I'm just going, I'm just gonna roll with this too. So I've been rocking with number two all the way through Atlanta and then when I got to Brooklyn I just changed it up and went to seven. Oh okay. Yeah. I was like, damn Joe, Joe had by hey they could've fired Joe. They're like, what Joe, you do 24 31. Right? Hey listen man, I wanted one of 'em single digits in Boston, boy. Like I, when we get drafted I'm like, okay, what number can I get? Can I get number 24? They start showing me all the numbers that was retired. I'm like, oh no girl got K Jones, KC Jones, Casey Jones, hyen, Russell Bird, Dennis Johnson.


They got Bob Ey, they got Bill Sharman. Hey look, they done retired so many numbers. Hey. I said, man, they got double zero retired. They got what's you call 'em retired. They got call Kevin ml, but yeah, they got double 0 32, 33 I think Dennis Johnson, I think DJ was three. Yeah, he was Johnson. Yeah, they got dj. Yeah, they got DJ retired, they got Sam Jones, Casey Jones, hick Cowan. So anytime they got, anytime y'all wanna Boston Arena, y'all look up in the rafter 31 up there, baby. That's Iceo joke baby for you. We sharing that thing. That's my man. You already know. That's my man.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


It's nostalgia overload As Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Dos Amigos, Wilbur's friend and former that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah, but it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen To do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Wrestling fans all over the globe. It's Freddie Prince Jr. And on wrestling with Freddie, we're breaking down every damn moment from WrestleMania 41 2 nights nonstop chaos, legends, surprises, emotions, and some of the best wrestling we've seen coming from WWE e We've got takes, we've got questions, and we have a whole lot of love for what these men and women pulled off at mania. Tiffany Stratton, she earned her stripes at WrestleMania. And I don't mean because she won, she bled for her art. And it always felt like to me, after the attitude era, once a wrestler gets cut and you see real blood coming out of their mouth or real blood coming out of their head, the crowd kind of goes, Hey, respect. And they kind of give you that nod, right? You go, wow, every one of these guys is bleeding for the rug, bro. That's literally like blood, sweat and tears. That's all they got is blood. We're talking Cody, we're talking rhe Roman, Seth, Tiffany, the future of the business is bright and if you watched mania and you're still buzzing or if you missed it and want to know what went down, we got you. Listen to this episode of wrestling with Freddie on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Cornbread, Apple. Congratulations. Alright man, what was it like in the green room waiting back call? Did you have an idea that it was, could possibly be the Giants? Yeah, I definitely had a good feeling. My, I usually trust my gut, my gut set in New York. My parents wanted me to go to go to New York, so I'm in, I'm in New York. Giant. Good. This, you had a journey. You wanted to go play college football, that was your dream, probably Penn State was your dream, your dream college situation.


Now it's a different journey, your journey to get here. Now the journey starts all over again to be great here. What has prepared you for this moment? Y don't have to start on my dad is him training me my whole life, teaching me everything I know, all the work I put in, all the sacrifices they made for me and now it all starts again. I'm back to work, back grinding and I'm ready to get started. ILI like that man. I i got you. I'm thinking about rookie year coming in, setting short term goals. What would your short term, your short term goals be coming in to be a New York giant? What do you, what what would you set so far? I haven't read anything down yet, but I'm definitely gonna get some goals I wanna accomplish. I'm usually like, I'm big on that right now, my goal chasing them, but I'm definitely gonna think about some things tonight.


Yeah, you go to the Giants. Giants always had really good defenses. Kayvon Thibo on one side, you got Big Lawrence in the middle, now you on the other side. Have you thought about what it's gonna be like that front four? That front seven trying to attack the quarterbacks in that division. You've got the Washington Commanders, you've got Jalen Hurst, the Super Bowl defending Champ Giant with Sayquan Barkley and those talented wide receivers out there. And you got the Dallas Cowboys, Dak Prescott, cd lamb. Jerry says he has some trades up his sleeve. We haven't seen it yet. What have you thought about what your defense gonna look like when you go out there, your first OTAs coming up? Yeah, for sure, bro. First I just want, I wanna meet those guys, get to know 'em as men, develop a relationship as a teammate. And once I do that, we gonna hit the field.


Let's create havoc. You do realize now you fall in the guy, you wear that number 11, you gotta be a hell raiser. Hell you didn't, you won that jersey on at Penn State for a reason. Now the last guy that came outta Penn State that won that that wore that jersey, he was a defensive rookie of the year. Have you set, You know, I'm sure you guys have healthy competition like aid. You got it. I'm gonna get it too. Yeah. Now, so, so what's your expectation that award is, is would you like to, obviously you like to win it, but have you thought that far in advance what it would mean for you to go out there and have that type of season? Yeah, if I do everything I'm supposed to do, pick the work in first. All that's gonna come with it. You gonna take the other l Yeah, yeah, we're good. The year I wanna be all, I won't do it all, but at, at the end of the day, my main goal, I wanna win. It's gonna help my team win.


Has it sunk in yet? Yeah. Has hasn't this sunk in yet? Yeah, for sure. Not, not yet. It's crazy. It it's gonna hit you sir. For sure. It's gonna hit you. Yeah, think when you, when you were a kid, you say your dad has trained you your whole life and you train a lifetime, you prepare a lifetime for this moment. So you're sitting back there, You know you're going early, you just don't know where you're going. It could be Cleveland, it could be the Giants, you don't know, but You know, I'm going early. This is not gonna be long. Hey mom. Hey, don't worry about it guys. We're gonna be out here in 20 minutes, I promise you. 20, 30 cops, I we might not be 20, but 30 times are we done? They was more nervous than me, but I, I had a, I had a pretty good feeling of where I was gonna go, so Right. I'm happy to be a New York giant.


Go big blue Larry. And that's dope. That's dope. So now you get, you obviously you headed up there. As soon as you, as soon as you leave us, you go, you're gonna head up there, go around and, and meet the coaching staff, You know, meet the ownership, meet general manager. Probably, I don't know how long you're gonna be up there. You gonna look for a place while you're up there or you going to have that kind of time? Yeah, we gonna have to figure all that out. But I really just wanna go back, celebrate with my parents, my mom, my dad. Get 'em another hug. Let's celebrate this moment when you get back home. Where, where, where are you from? I'm from Philly. Oh, Uhuh. I right now, but I'm, I'm on New York though. I'm, I'm on New York. You on New York? Have you go, when you get back home in Philly, all your family, friends and loved ones that have known AB dual Carter his entire life, what is that moment going to be like when you get with all your family, friends and loved ones and they get an opportunity to celebrate with you because it takes the village to, to raise that Bull Carter.


I can't wait. I'm real thankful for them. Everybody who helped me get to this moment and I can't wait to give back. Just knowing everybody that helped me get here. All the sacrifices people made. But I mean, you, I, man, I was talking ocho I said Ocho even pops I out. He, I ain't fixing let you out dude. We all do a get me some ice. Why you at it? Did the pops got a CRI too? No, he don't got the grill Glen. He got the Adidas Shane on. Okay. You looking mad. I know your mom. I know your mom, your, your mom was like, she was really emotional back there. I saw, I think that was your sister with it also, right? Yes ma'am. Hey. And she was like, okay, I'm looking at looking at your mom. And she was like, whew. Relieved. Yeah, I'm sure she did a lot of praying for this moment.


Yeah, seeing her happy, seeing her proud of me. That's, that's my heart. None gimme me more joy. None. None. Make me more happy seeing her, happy for me. I like it. I just, just thought about all the obstacles, all the adversity, especially that your parents go through, all the sacrifices they make to get to this point, to actually repay them back and actually making it. Man, I'm just congratulations to you. Congratulations you and the family and man, I, I wish you nothing but love and love man out there. I appreciate you Joe. You know you gonna have to get a big, big old check. That first check gonna be big. What's the first thing you gonna do? I gotta take care of my peoples first. Get my mom and dad something nice. I'm definitely gonna gimme something nice. Treat comfort. Yeah. So when you get something nice, you talking about a vehicle, you'll get another, another piece of ice. What, what you looking at?


Buy vehicle? What, what, what? What's, what's your dream vehicle? Probably something more low key. I already, I already had my dream. My first car was my dream car. What was it? What was that? A Tesla model X, but the X flat or just r it flat Man, stop playing me man. What you finna get man? Stop talking about the Tesla. We'll see what happens. I want some more low key stay out the way, but, okay, okay. Oh, so you trying to look, you look for a slide on her? Yeah. So what but what, I mean what do you, what do you, what do your mom, what do your mom and dad want? Do they want a new crib? Do they want vehicles? I mean, what do they want? Have you, have you asked them? Have they, have you thought about it? They getting whatever they want. That's on me. Yeah, I like that. I like that.


What you want. Si whatever she wants. It's on you. It's on me. Well, what I want, You know what I want. Nah, not you, not you not. Wait, wait, slide you Uncle Jersey or something? Maybe something I could get y'all a jersey for. Cool. I just wanted, I just wanted a coupon from account. Get, we'll see, I, I don't, I don't think I want 11, but there is a number I I I got you got up in mind. Got does anybody have it? Because You know you might have to get off some bread if somebody got it and you got, so who got 11? Somebody got, he Think you don't want 11. No, 11 was a Penn State thing. Well you, he said I'm starting from scratch. You gotta keep that thing going boy. Ah, I want something new. Double zero. Double zero. Ah, it say plus Michael.


Michael 11. I ain't finna do that. I did that at Penn State. We kept that lineage going. Now it's time for Abdul. You gotta go single digit though. No, it's a double digit. It's a double digit. Yeah, this retired though, but we'll see. I gotta have some conversation. As long we, as long as it ain't 56, you might to get it. But if it's 56, I don't know if you can get that one Now. I love to hear that. Love to hear you wanna follow t but we'll see what happens when you do nothing in the big field. Hell yeah, I'll fill big shoes before I do it again. Oh, okay, okay. I that, I like that because when they talk about the best defensive players ever, you never go past lt. You know, you hear a lot of people say, well, Vince, we talk about wire receivers. It might be Randy might be talking about or running backs.


It might be Barry Emmit though, or, or Jim Brown or Walter Payton. You go to a lot of different, when they come to defensive players, one dude that's the goat. Yeah. And he go by, he don't even go by real name, he go by initials. Lt Man. Abdu man, I'm so proud of you, man. I've been watching your tape. I I was looking at you at the bowl game. And I was like, man, he just, I mean he beating these guys with one move and then it's like, well, nah, he had a shoulder, his shoulder was messed up because I man, you rip, I mean you tremendous, that first step you can turn, translate speed to power. You do it, you can bend the edges, you got a great snatch arm, rip a bull.


How can you get better? What is Abdu car need to work on to get better? I think there's a lot of ways I can get better. It was my first year in a new position, so I, I'm just getting started. The sky's the limit for me. I can just keep getting better. I can play tight end too. You know, you gotta try out. I know. I'm just saying he ain't the only one who could do it. But hey, so they put you on the gold line, you gonna go catch it? You Hell yeah. Put it out in the universe. Yes sir. The Giants. So obviously when you visited the Giants, you had a great conversation. Yeah. What made you so sure, what made you feel comfortable that the Giants were the place that you were probably gonna end up? Yeah, I just trusted my gut. My gut told me the giants, my parents wanted me to go there because they close by now.


They can drive up. They catch the fella anytime they want. Yeah. So I just felt a good connection with them. Them, they got to know me, I got to know them. It was a perfect fit. I'm a New York giant. You you getting season tickets for who? Your mom. Mom and dad. Oh yeah. They, they, they, they not gonna miss a game for sure. I know them. Yeah. And plus, and plus when you Philly, they gonna see hey and Washington is not that far away, so they gonna see you everything right there. 10 times. Yeah. Right there. Close. That's unbelievable. Yes, sir. When you was growing up, did you ever think you'd be a, a New York giant? Fun fact, when I was 12 or 13 years old, I had a dream. I got drafted up by the Giants, but it's hard to believe. But I actually had a dream. I got drafted here. So you didn't want to, being from Philly, your dream wasn to play for the Eagles.


Yeah, but they, they had pick 32. They would, they would've to trade up, Hey, hey, I'm doing, saying I ain't fitting to hold you on that one. I would try to be, pick 32. I'm in New York, I'm going to New York. That's the third pick in the draft. Hey, you, you got something on my like, Hey bro. Hey, I ain't, I ain't, hey, I ain't want to brag in the glory or the bow, but You know your boy, you almost because Lamar, Lamar, la, LeBron went too. Yeah, he went too. For sure. He hit three. Yeah. And You know, his knees wore, wore out on him. But Lamar was, I, I was in the league when I was kinda at the tail end of my career when Lamar You was Yeah, boy. Yeah, the one thing, one thing, you wear that level because you can't put that level on him. You ain't no hell raising. I dude. Yeah, his son got it now.


So we got, we gonna see what he do. But yeah, all those guys that look out for me, they took me under their wing and I'm real thankful for those guys. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's unbelievable. That's unbelievable man. I'm so proud of you. I know your family's proud of you, Abdul, man. Thanks for coming bro. We really appreciate because we know hell Bailey thank, don't forget each McDonald's. I mean this sha door man. IIII think I I I, it'd be interesting to see what, what, what, You know, social media has to say about, about, about Shado falling.


No, it'll be interesting if Melroe go before him. Oh my gosh. If, if Mil ro go before him. But it's, but it's, but it's, but it's possible. Yes, it's possible. Yes. I mean it's, it's not like it's, it's out of the realm of possibility. This has been a collective effort. Media GMs owners for the simple fact they allowed. So, so is it because his last name Sanders? That's what you're saying. There's no other reason. There's no other reason. I'm just turn, turn the film on. I want, I want my quarterback confident because if he doesn't have that, he can't play.


I don't care what I agree. What his skillset set is. I agree. I agree. You gotta have confidence. You gotta be, you just have to believe. Look in pro sports, you have to believe you the baddest mofo out here. And I'm here for a reason. And you gotta be mentally strong and not allow the outside noise to get to you. And that's hard, man. That's hard. But I, I think that And plus you can't go press now Ocho Yeah. I can't show you what, I can't show y'all what y'all missed in one game. Yeah. But let's look at, let's look at his, let, let, let's look at the history of those. Let let, let's just say he and Millrose, just to throw out two names, right?


He's always been the guy, he's always been the guy. He's never been challenged. Not saying that's good or bad, I'm just saying he's never had to show you that I am who you think I am or want me to be. Right. Jalen Millrose was about to be a dv. Lemme ask you this. If I take Shadur and put him at Alabama and I take Millrose and put him at Colorado, you think Alabama has a better record or a worse record with Shado? I, I, I'm gonna say a worse record because Shadur doesn't run enough or run more. Okay. I, I think with, with Melrose's legs and, and I think he throws it accurately enough in college football to be, for that team to be successful.


If, if Nick Saban is still coaching and no, no dis on coach the board. But I, I just think that when you look at what, what Nick had him do, he was very good at what Jalen Millrose is. I don't know if Shadu could take an Alabama offense because he doesn't run enough. Doesn't use it. College football is all about the legs, man. You gotta, you gotta use those legs. Well, he ain't, Melrose ain't running in Colorado with that offense alive. Noro would've been running in Colorado that Yeah, he, he would've been running, he went on complete 74% of his throws. I know that he might not have 10 touchdowns behind that offense line. I agree with that.


I don't agree with that. He'll have a father yards rushing though. Or 2000 yards rushing. Yeah. I I I kind of, I kind of disagree a little bit. Well, obviously they're in Alabama. Just say hypothetically, if the players are switched, there's no Travis Hunter in Alabama. But I think collectively as, as a group Williams ain't bad though. Nah, no, no, but but, but that's what I'm saying. See in that con you, you gotta look at how the conference is built. Oh, the conference is built. You see all the, you, you see Georgia, you see all the dli, all dv, all the dli with the edge rush. You gotta be able to move it. Quarterback Georgia, Ole Miss. I mean, you gotta be able to move it. You gotta be able to move. If you look at all the quarterbacks in the SEC, they can throw it.


Even if he can't do it with his legs, he's a better throw of the ball than the RO is. Yeah. Yeah. But we gonna attack that weakness. See that? See, when you a dual threat, it is hard to attack a weakness. 'cause we don't know which one it is. But if you can't run, you gonna be standing back there. Oh yeah, we getting to that. Our conference is built on getting to that. Right. That is a interesting situation though. If you had to put some money, what do you think you're doing for now? Here's the thing. I'm going with the Rams. I'm staying, the shock is gonna be if he slides outta the second round, we already, we surprised right?


That he slid outta the first round. We would be shocked. I gassed. But if he slide again, I, I, I wouldn't even know what to say. I, I, I wouldn't even know what to say.


The Volume Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


It's nostalgia overload. As Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Dose Amigos, Wilmer's Friend and former, that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two-part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah. But it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen to Do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up federation? It's Freddie Prince Jr. And wrestling with is back and we're going all in on WrestleMania 41 from the unpredictable to jaw dropping finishes. This year's mania might have just changed everything. By the way. Almost all the matches that we saw looked like real fights. I thought. Like they were like, yo, we're going hard today. Tomorrow we're gonna hurt, but we're going hard today. Yeah, because it was like beast mode times 10 out there. Listen to this episode of wrestling with Freddie on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.