
Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin? Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered, offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners. There are nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you. Visit hud.gov/make home the goal.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Read where she was not black, and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris. candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Hey. there it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume


TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Victor Wim Yama takes the chat Holmgren rivalry so serious, he won't even acknowledge his name. E-S-P-N-N-B-A writer Michael C. Wright revealed that Wim BMA actively avoids using Holmgren's name. What's the most underrated rivalry in the league right now? Damn, I ain't even know that. And I just threw Buddy he name in it with his My bad. I a bad young fell. Yeah. Oh, he won't even mention it. He won't even mention it really. He's like, yeah, he look forward to playing in Oklahoma City. He looks at playing, there's a great young team. They got some good players, yada, yada yada. But not one time because they specifically asked what do you look forward to matchup with Chet Hungry?


And he went on about that thing. But I think Chet and the US team beat the French team in the under 19, ah, a couple years ago. And I think that's still, that's still in his cross, those thing. Okay. I like it though. I I, I like the way he approach it if that is the case because it's, it's, it's a very friendly game out here and yeah. And we need some competition like straight I don't like you, you don't like me. All right, cool. Let's, but so for me, like I think the, the best one has kind of died down a little bit was the Devin Booker and what's Buddy Luca? That was Oh yeah, yeah, that was a good one for me.


But I think that That was, that was last year they were going at it, wasn't it? Last couple years they've been going at it. Oh, Okay. I realized it was, it was, it was more than I just, I I just noticed last year that they were, they were chirping away. Man. Luca looking. I, I ain't gonna lie, I like the book, but Luca looking crazy that look here. Nice. You could, you could, I thought he could be good because I you saw flashes, but I had no idea he was gonna be this, he was gonna be otherworldly. Right. I'm not gonna lie, I didn't, I had no idea. No nothing. I didn't, I thought like, I thought he was gonna be a Ricky Rubio situation. I ain't, I was not expecting this at all.


Not even in the least bit. I thought from the very first, the first person that when I saw him play, I said he moved. He like Larry Bird, that's the, he can't jump. He's slow as hell, but he, he gonna get to the spot that he wants to get to and he be busting people ass. So that was the first person I thought when I saw him play, I said, damn, he remind me of Bird, you know, it's crazy too. And it was like, for real, for when I walked up on him one of the first time, like I seen him on play on TV for throughout the year and I went to one game and I looked at it, I'm like, oh bro, you like six eight for real? Yeah. Like, you not like, you know what I mean? You not like one of those little dudes who just like, oh no, you a big dude.


Like, so when I see him in the post and all that, I'm like, like how was you letting him post you up? Like how would you and I, I got next to him like, okay, I see why. I see why Big boy Big Boy is it, is it because Swish? Is that because he's, he doesn't have quickness? No, but he, they can't time him up because just when you think you about to block it, he up and under you or just when you think like I I'm waiting on him, he'll hit a step back on you. Yeah. What is it about him? Is it his unorthodox? What is it about him that he's able to get whatever shot he wants, whenever he wants, however he wants. To me, it's a lot of, it's a lot about his pace.


He plays at a pace to where you can't speed him up and you can't slow him down. Like you can't speed him up into like trapping him and trying to double team him because he just going slowly crab dribble back out of it or wait, take his time and all. A lot of that is too having a confidence and knowing obviously you're not coming out the game of being to have free will do what you do and play how you wanna play. But he, I've never seen one, even like Pat Bevs, the, you know, the long lanky defenders, so many different people try to guard him and he literally like, if you too small, I'm taking you in a post. If you, you know, if you, even if he's not fast, he can get to that little step, step back and throw a little shot fake and dude's jumping because he, it's automatic cash so he get into the free throw line at Wheel too.


Right. So it's like, it is almost, it's an unathletic version of what James Hart was doing, but just more efficient I think. And if you think about it, you knew like his, what was it like his second year, maybe his third year is that he gave PG that work. He said, Kawai, you two time defensive player of year bus Kaw ass. Hey Pat ba you do a lot of talking. Come get some of this and get and talking shit though. Yes. That's what, that's what threw me out. I'm like, I'm, I've been in around in a while and I've been around a lot of Europeans played on their team and everything, but like talking shit like y'all yeah motherfucker come get this work.


Like I'm oh, oh, oh yeah, I need, I need one of them. Id on Monte be one of those for sure. It is hard to get one of those Euros dog. They be over there. Like I I play with your Pam players bro. And it's so soft. Like, you know, they, back in the day it was real fundamental like, ah, you know, ah, don't elbows and all that. But now I'm like, between him Giannis and I mean counting beat, however you wanna call it, and yo oh my God. Boys. Boys. But if you look, but you know what Ocho and Swish is that if you look at it, most of the Europeans, they've always played like Yoic, like Luca, you look at Saboni, you look at Deadly Shrimp, you look at a lot of these European players until Giannis, Giannis was the first, really the first one to go up and down.


I mean, I don't really look at a king as because King was over here, but if you look at like Yoki, you look at Yo Luca, you look at Avita sbs, you look at Deadly Shrimp, Rick Smith, you look at a lot of, they like, they move the same. Yeah. They unathletic, they got no, they ain't jumping out the gym. They slow, but they're gonna get to that spot. They gonna do what they need to do and they gonna put the ball in the basket. Yeah, because I'm looking at Yoic, I'm like, he ain't never lift the weight. He don't even walk by the weight room, Luca, he don't even walk by the weight room. And then you, like you look at the stat line, how he get 60 points with a 20 rebound triple double switch.


Wait, We can in the hurry a quiet be a quiet 62. Cool man. I said it'd be a quiet 62. Yeah. Oh, he could score now he score because he could score in bunches. Yeah. I mean you look up and he done got 20 points in the first quarter. You're like, damn. Yeah, I like, I ain't gonna lie, joke Joker is different. He's just, I mean he's efficient and he, it's, it's, it is different when you could play a game. I, he plays the game the way I've, I've honestly, I've never seen it played before because it's like he plays so carefree yet he's thinking the whole time as he's playing.


So it's like he's playing like he don't care, but he understands what's going on throughout the whole game. Who's open, who's doubling from where, but he don't really, like, I'm not gonna say he don't love it because that's, I feel like that's unfair, but it's, it doesn't, I'm not gonna say mean as much either, but I don't know how to explain it because he, the way he goes about the game is completely different. Like just being able to win a chip and just be able to win a chip and be like, yes, I get to go home. Like, yo fam what? We just want a chip, right? Yes. I get to go home.


Lemme ask you this. When you look at, I mean you played, like you played in the league with Kobe, you played with LeBron and kd. Steph does win a superstar win that title? Are they able to relax more and because we start to see, because normally guys win that title, they take off. Yeah, I think, I think I, I think for sure when you have a fascination with the game and I, I can't, I'm not gonna throw Kobe's name in there because Kobe was different man. Kobe was just so individually motivated beyond anything I've ever seen before as well as bro.


And I don't think Pete LeBron gets the credit that he, he he deserves for it. But like when I've, I've got an opportunity to watch it up close and personal for a couple years and like to see it day in, day out. And it's almost like he's breathing. Like that's how well it's manicured and maintenance as far as taking care of his body and making sure the main thing is the main thing. And I heard a lot of that is how Kobe approached it. And, and the same, you know, ways also. But when I tell you like literally no lie, like this man will literally on a off day get to the gym at nine o'clock, sleep in the hyperbaric chamber, cold tub, hot tub, get shots up, workout, eat, go back to on a training table, go back, get shots up again, workout, lift weights, get cryo chamber, go to sleep and do all that on a off day.


Wow. Like on a off day, like, bro, what is like, and I'm, I'm not gonna lie, I was of the, of the mind that I work hard just as hard as everybody else and I do two of these in the off season X, y and z da and I gotta see this shit up first up and close. I'm like, oh nah, buddy is different. Oh nah, buddy is different. Like this is like, you know, some people who feel like they eat, breathe and walk the lifestyle that they sport. Yeah, yeah. Nah, no, no, no. Everything my boy do is predicated around making sure he's available from September to June 7:00 PM couple Sundays at 1 1 30.


And other than that, it, Shing else is second fiddle to that. So, so hearing you say that what he's doing on off days, I take it just by listening that you talk, you are not surprised that he's playing this long and he's playing this well this long. No, I am because it's just never been, we've never seen it and you know, it's just like, I hate to say it, it's like, just like I'm, I don't want to see it stop. But you have to continuously ask this question like, yo bro, when is this man gonna slow down?


Like, yo bro, bam, you 40, you like, you getting, you just had a triple double with a 35 ball. Yep. On some young boys that just out here playing athletically. Nah, dog. Like, I can't like, you know, I really think about it and on top of obviously the rules changing and the game's changing. I'm sitting there like, shit, if, if, if Tom was in shape, I could see how he could play for another five, six years. If you can mentally outthink everybody else around you, you smarter than everybody. You in shape, you not really getting hurt like that shit. Why not? He had 26 points on 13 shots. Tonight's wish lunch meat, lunch meat.


And who the dude was guarding was 25. Yeah. 25 years old, 24 years old. Idolized him the whole life. He don't know, he don't know how to guard this man. Like, oh shit, I'm really guarding brown. He scored on me. Damn. This thing gave me triple double. That's how it beat. I seen it. That's how it beat Danny. Green went on the run it back show and it was asked how much better off is Wemby with Greg Popovich. He said, Joel Embiid and all these superstars. I think careers would be a lot different if they played for a different coach starting out swish. Whose career would've been most different with a great coach? Mine?


No, honestly sitting here and think about it with a great coach. I'm gonna say Melo man. Okay. I, I think Melo, I think Detroit not drafted. Melo was probably one of the greatest travesties in sports man. Like, he, he was easily the better player and with that team, what he would've learned from Chauncey, Rick Tayshawn Ben and she like, you got dice mc dice coming off the bench like you got real live vets to where you coming in and like, you know what I'm saying, just like little shit like not wearing your practice jersey, right?


Like, that shit ain't flying, not tucking your jersey in like the, the respect of the game is completely different to where you go to a team where you the show and like, you know, you come out there half your shit braided up half your shit out and people just like, okay, nah, he's just be a melllon. You come to a team like Detroit, they be like, oh, you a player, what, what you doing? You enter you out. And that right there will change the course of, to me, the course of his career. Dramatically. Dramatically. Because you, you're allowed to not only you allowed to fail, but you're shown how to be a leader. And I don't think he was ever really given those tools to be shown how to be a leader in those situations.


Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin. Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered offering free or Low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners. There. Nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you, visit hud.gov/make home the goal.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President.


Congratulations to the Dodgers. The Dodgers beat the Yankees, they bottom five and they come back and win seven six. So the 2024 made him a World Series champ. Oh, I gotta go to bathroom, my bad. Go ahead bro. The Los Angeles Dodgers Ocho The Dodgers come back and win it. They won it. Seven, six. The Yankees committed three eras that allowed the Dodgers to get going and when they got going, they couldn't stop it. And congratulations. We know Freddy Freeman's gonna be the World Series MVP. Oh, that's a no-brainer. That's the easy decision that's ever been, probably ever been made in a World series or at least in a very long time. I'm sure there've been some others that would've been clear cut, but nothing as as as easy as Fred as as Freddy Freeman.


Freddy had what Three home runs. Three home runs. He probably had 10 Ribbies, he had two more tonight. But congratulations. The Los Angeles Dodgers, the 2024 World Series champs. That's dope. That's dope. Yeah. The yank, the Yanks folded. The the Yanks folded in the postseason, huh? Well the, this series, the errors killed a mocho. They had, they committed three errors. Remember we talked about turnovers? Yeah. When you make the turnovers, you got five. Nothing lead.


You can't turn, you can't commit errors. Right. Late in the ball game. You can't turn the ball over. All turnovers aren't created equal. All errors aren't created equal. And you know, hey, give the Dodgers credit because it's One thing for a team to commit the errors. This is something entirely different for you to capitalize on that era. Yeah. And the Dodgers made 'em pay and that's what you have to do. Team make mistakes. You make them pay the ultimate price by costing them the game. And again, congratulations to the Dodgers 2024 World Series champ. They take out the New York Yankees four one in the World Series whose career would've been different.


What'd you say? Huh? I'm trying to think. Switch. Would you say, do you think LeBron, how, let's just say LeBron gets a, a Steve Kerr or he gets a pop, or he gets a Phil Jackson, he gets a Pat Riley. Do you think, how different would LeBron have been? Not very different at all. Not very. I I feel like LeBron is very, I feel like LeBron was gonna be LeBron anyway. Okay. I felt like, and it's crazy because my high school coach, Dan Hurley or Yukon coach, he, he told me this when I was coming out, when I was my, I was a senior in high school and I asked him, I was like, how who do you think is the better player between Brown and Melo?


He is like Melo. I think he could be really good. I think he has an opportunity to be one of the, be one of the, you know, one of the greats. But LeBron, I think, I don't, he told me this literally 20 years ago. He said, I don't know how long he plays. Like if you look at his body and you look at his physique and look at what he does on the court and if he's as smart as everybody says he is, I don't know how long he plays. I think he could literally play as long as he wants to. And he said that back then, and I'm sitting here looking like Row was always coachable. He was always intuitive about the game. He was never a person that felt like he knew everything. He was always wanted to watch film, watched it anyway, watched all the games.


Like I used to go to his house in, in the summertime, like sometimes in, in high school. And he was like that in high school. And I was like, bro, you just watch the games all day. Like you just watched games. Like he would, he's like a, he literally like a sports almanac and it's, it's, he can remember he like recite it and it was like, that's what like, that's, you know how certain people just had a gift and not like Yeah, that's part of his gift. Like, that's just what it is. And I, I sit here and look at like, no matter what coach, no matter what other player you put around him, like fortunately you put great players around him, he'll be obviously Rise even higher. But he's going to be that anyway. You look at that team that he took to the finals with Cleveland the first stint, like, yeah that should have never happened.


That should have never happened. And I don't think, honestly, and I don't think it'll ever happen like that again. Yeah. Like it, it's in Incre. That's incredible. Well some of the players Yeah, there, there are a few players like that. Huh huh. And Jay, you think for that, that no matter what team they went to, they would still be themselves, you know, your ai. Yeah, But I think when they look at it, we're looking at I think sometimes I think what Danny's trying to say, maybe ring wise. Oh okay. We gotta say that. He gotta he gotta state that In there. Yeah. Oh, well ring wise I don't think, I mean if, if you go off of ring wise, just eliminate, eliminate co first three, just eliminate code first three with Shaq and Phil and then just give him Phil and he got two.


So if Cove got two chips to compared to his five, where's his greatness here at? Okay. That's a tough, that's tough. There's nobody arguing his talent and how good he is. But if you don't have the chips, that's where that's, and and people say, well you can't. I say but your ha when you talking about gr because when you measuring greatness because as you get to a certain level, you gotta start splitting hair swish. Yeah. I mean it's gotta be, there's gotta be a a, a differentiation on how we say, well who gets to take the next step and then who gets to take the next step. So you got to factor in rings, you've got to factor in all MBAs.


You've got to factor in MVPs, you've got to factor in finals MVPs. You've got to factor in Allstar game appearances. How many times they won went to the finals. Yep. So there, there are, there are steps that you gotta take. Okay. If we got guys that went to like say 10 Allstar game, okay, boom, we stepped together. Okay. One went to, well six times all NBA, the other was five. Okay, we can still step together. Right? But now one won 4 5, 1 won four MVPs, the other one won. Okay, I take another step. You stay right here. Okay? You won five titles, I won six. You take three steps, I'll take two.


So we have to have something. Yeah. Because once you get to that level, once you get to the top 10 NBA players, you have to have something that that says, okay, this is why I believe player X is better than player B. Yeah. And for me that's agree and disagree. No, I completely agree. For me, this is why I feel like the, the, the baseball hall of Fame is so special because there's no sugarcoating, there's no like, oh off of how I feel this is who should get in. Nah, what's his numbers? Yeah, what's what's the, what what'd he, what did he do? Yeah, because the numbers and that if, if he didn't do this and he didn't do that, then why are we having this conversation?


And I, 'cause they've been recording those numbers for 150 years. Baseball has the most sacred numbers because if I throw out 500, you know, that's home runs. If I say 300, that's either hitting you are 300 hitter or you got 300 wins of the pitcher. See football numbers aren't really sacred because you don't really know OCHO how many rush yards Emmett Smith had. You don't know how many receiving yards Jared Wright have. But you know numbers, if I say 56 play off you, you know that your hitting streak. So those numbers are so sacred and they're there. It used to be, if you hit 500 home runs, you're going to the baseball hall of Fame. If you have 300 wins of the pitcher, you're going to the baseball hall of Fame.


What are the criteria for the NFL ocho? Is it a thousand catches? Yeah. Is it 800 catches? Is it a hundred touchdowns? Is it 80 touchdowns? I I don't in basketball, I don't know. I don't know what, what is that? There've been only a handful of players that ever reached the 30,000. So obviously if you score 30,000 points, you're going to the NBA Hall of Fame. Yeah. But you ring with no rings. My only thing is like with the NBA Hall of Fame, you can get in the hall of Fame like as an ambassador. Yeah, ambassador. Because they take everything, they take everything. They take college, they take Olympics, they take everything. And see in baseball you get the MLB in football, you get the NFL that what you did in college because there've been some college player guys that played in the NFL Ocho and you know they had outstanding college careers.


Hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. But because they wasn't that good in NFL, you ain't going to the pro football Hall of Fame if you ain't do that thing in the N nfl in the nfl. Yeah. It's, it's period point blank. Yeah man. We need like, we, we gotta tighten up on our, on on our hall of Fame. Man. It's getting, it's getting outta hand. Like even with our, even with the, what was it, top Sunday? Five? Yeah. Like Dwight Howard, don't make it. Don't even get me started. Don't even get me started. Come on bro. Like come on. We what we do. But we taking, when we taking other cats who just because they relevant, they still playing. I'm like, I'm not rolling with that dog. We not just gonna disrespect my boy like that be because y'all just feel like he's not wor y'all don't like him.


Like that ain't that, that's not what this is. Yeah, I agree. It's hard. That's, that's hard man. Because like for, again, like in, in, well for me, you like in the NFL, like I'll measure like great good and great quarterbacks by your playoff record. Right? If you playoff record ain't that. And like you not like I don't care what you do. What's boy name for the Chargers? He had a hell of a regular seasons. Oh, Philip Rivers. Philip Rivers, he had hell of a regular seasons. He going crazy. We get to first game, he outta there Romo, he outta there dad, he outta there. I'm like, yo bro, I don't care. You throwing for 10,000 yards in a regular season. What that going do bro? You keep like, come on.


Alright. This is our first segment with you. We got a, a favorite, one of favorite segment is called Rough. Draft. Okay. I'm gonna give you the rule switch. What it is is that we take turns drafting top five depending on the topics. Okay? Normally it's just OCHO and I, but since you knew we wanted to bring you into the equation. So tonight's topic is best Halloween. So you get five, so you pick one, I'll pick next Ocho pick last, that's one. And then we go 2, 3, 4, 5. And then we'll put it poll.


And we say who has the best Halloween candy bag? Oh, for swish me or Ocho? I'm, I'm gonna win this again. I'm gonna win it again. Alright. Okay. Swish you up first. What's your first one? Fruity The flavor Tussy Rose. Okay. Fruity favorite Twosy Rose. I'm going, I'm going the bite-sized Snickers. Yeah. The bite S size Snickers is good. I'm going to bite-size. Regular, regular m and ms. Okay. Ooh, I'm going bite-sized Skittles pack. Okay. Bite-sized Skittle bags. I'm gonna go in the Reese's Cup.


Nah, I, I'm def I'm definitely winning this. I'm going with the candy jewelry that the kids love. You gotta thing of Halloween. The kids love the candy. Jewelry chain little bracelets. That's my, okay, go ahead. What? I'm going with the box of dots. Okay, box of dots. I'm going, I'm going fun size Twix. Nah, y'all definitely losing this man. The ring pop man, the kids ring pops man. Come On. How bad they don't get out. You go your face, you gonna kick candy you got when you was a kid that don't pass that inch out no more man at all. He had the little sweet tart with this, the sugar pack.


Lemme see. Ooh. Oh I got, I'm, I'm definitely winning. I gotta go with Candy Corn. You just lost candy Deal. Damn Wax. Yeah, for sure. That's it. Candy Corn is it? I'm going, I'm gonna, what is I like oh 0.5 Kit Kat. Okay. And the fridge though. I'm Going see we in the suburbs. We got, we we passed out Sour Patch Kids. Ooh That was my, that's where I was going next. Ah, yeah, That's where I was going next.


So pass kids. Oh man. See you brought up the suburbs. There's one crib on the corner dog. It's big, big White House dog. They get, They got the good, they got the good shit. Huh? What they give out the, the, the, the, the extra large Milky Ways and the Three Musketeers. What? Oh, I'm going with the Milky Way for sure. Man. I hate Milky Ways. Oh man. You know what they must say last but not least I'm going with Okay. Nerds good.


I I'm in it, I'm in it with Twizzler. Okay. Y'all go ahead and give him a trophy now. Nah, I got this one. I know I got this one. Oh, you somebody, Hey somebody say give them man get them kids candy bars. I was at Walmart yesterday trying to find the candy. Hell. So how y'all do it? Y'all let the kids, do y'all sit it out there and let the kids pick what they want? Or do they let 'em ring the doorbell and then y'all pass it out? I ain't pass out. Know Candy? Yes. Huh? Don't come, don't come my doorstep. I you make sure you gotta turn your porch light off if you got your porch light on, they coming to your porch For sure.


No, I sit, I sit a thing out there and just take what you want. And so the last kid, because you know I'm gonna turn it off and the, and the kid come up there like, I say, well you the last one. Right? It's like we can have it all. I say take it all. Yeah, I cut that. Take it off. I cut the light on man. I'm, I'm, leave me a little sign outside. You know, we, we, we've been fortunate and blessed. So we live in the, in the, in the good area. So the kids are a little nicer than where we grew up at. Because you know you leave a bowl outside, they taking the whole bowl. Take the whole bowl jump stand the bowls off from the jump. What ain't first day, first night. Alright, so here, here's the list, ladies and gentlemen.


Swish went with fruity twosie rolls, Skittles Dots, candy, corn, Milky Ways. I went with Bite-sized Snickers Reese Cup. Fun sized tw fun sized Kit Kat and Nerds OCHO went with Bite-sized m and m Candy Necklace rig pops our patch key in the Twist Candy necklace. Funny as hell though. Alright guys. Who had the best Halloween candy bag? Huh? Ain't no way Ocho win it. This apologize. I thought you, I told you that. I told you, I told you. Listen, I, I didn't want, I didn't, I didn't want this. You had probably never beat me in Rough Draft ever again.


Hey, nah, I don't fool somebody tell about some hil later bad. That Dialator pull out all my, all my, all my implants. No, I swear. Every like a jack of it be Halloween in my mind. For real, for real. Jawbreakers. No. Hell no, man. I remember I was in Airhead, man. We, I was in a meeting sw and you know I had the Mary Jane, you remember Mary Jane? Oh man, man Ocho man, I been down that Mary Jane. Yeah. Damn knew the whole side of my mouth came out. I seen the dude did that with, with a sugar daddy.


Oh. Do sugar. They had sugar daddy, sugar baby and sugar Mama mess with him if you want. Yeah man, I walked outta there. Hey, I ain't say nothing to nobody, man. They, oh shit. They called me about 30 minutes. I said said man, I'm at the dentist because if I said something everybody would've seen out. Right. Oh no, I got it. Hey, walk straight up outta there. I say like this man, I'll be back straight to the dentist office. Hell no. Dressing up as Bill. Belichick seemed to be the popular choice for this year's Halloween theme.


First his 24-year-old girlfriend dressed up as Bill. Belichick. Hold on. Coach. Coach Belichick got a 24-year-old and y'all want to get on me talking about shit. Oh. Oh, that girl your daddy age? This, that, that man's house coach Belichick. 72. 72. Se Hey, he got a 20. Y'all can't say ish to me. Wait, they say that girl your daddy age. That's what they be telling me. Talking about you like, you like you got a daughter them girls' age. And I said 'em shopping together. Hey You, hey, hey Sweet. I say both of y'all pick out something for your daddy, your real daddy and your new daddy.


Hey, y'all better get out my face. I'm done. Ain't listen to y'all no more. I listen to y'all for far too long. They in the same study group. Yeah man, I, it got me feeling bad. I was like, man, you know what Ocho they might be right Ocho man because Ocho talking about Unc, you need somebody baby, you need to get somebody your age. I'm like, what we gonna do Play Biz Wiz g Rubby. What's wrong with finding some of your age? What's wrong with that? Ain? Nothing wrong with it. Y'all play. Hold on. Hold. I, I feel like you, I feel like what's to this? I feel like it's more to this. I feel like you feel like you might have not have something in common with him.


Like what's going on? You got so in Karma, Robus. Wait a minute. That what, that's what we got in Karma. So that's a personal preference. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Man, I ain't listen y'all, I'm done. Coach Belichick 72 got a 24, 24, 20 4-year-old. Damn. That's, that's look at, that's strong. That That's Hey that, hey that, hey that's, that's my co that's, that's my cohost man. Went fo That's strong. Hey. Alright. Well how you let ask you this? How was the con with the first conversation?


How you think it went? I dunno where, where They met, where they met? What do you what what, what do you mean? They were on the plane? They were on the plane together. They were on the plane. Because the first thing they say, if you talking, let's just say for the sake of I'm 56. If they see me talking, they see me talking to somebody. 35. Creepy old man. Look at old, old creepy Unc. Straight up. Yeah. Straight up. Cole Belichick 71 talking to a 23-year-old. He probably, his, she was probably the the cart girl on the, on the golf course. I bet it. Hmm. I bet Cole Belichick.


Go ahead gear it up for Coach Belichick. Let's put some hands together for Mr. Williams. See Belichick. Hey, I already know I'm getting some, you know, I'm getting, I'm by a already got me a big old easy bake oven. I got me a Barbie car. Barbie doll. Hey, I'm into business. You ready? No, I think, look, I think for black half my age, what's half my age? 28. Yeah. Plus seven. That's 35. Right.


I'm not bad at that number for you though. That's a good number for you. I feel like somewhere somebody in the 33, you know, 30, 30, 30 37. They got some good feeling bad. Yeah, they they, they got they shit together. They, they tied of the, the activities. You know what the first thing they say? What y'all got in common? Yeah. We like each other. We both been to Super Bowl. Hey Ryan Fitzpatrick commented on the photo said for all you 48-year-old hopeless romantics out there.


Just think about your future person may not even be born yet. RC dressed up as Coach Belichick inside the NFL. That's too strong. That is. Yeah. Dang, that's 50. What? How old is he? 70. What? He's 72. She's 24. Ooh, what's that? 68 years. I already know he, I'ma send him on some of these old sparks. 48 years he wrote he on these sparks. Damn. See was he married before? Different? Huh? Was he married before or this like twice?


Yeah, he's, yeah. See back in long time ago, 72-year-old. It was over for you. Yeah, but it done came out with the advent of medicine. Now you good? Good. Now. See, he better, he better than me dog. Because I'm done doing startups. I'm done, I'm done doing startups. Dog. You you, I'm, I need a investor. No sir, not me. Call Jay. You call 'em startups. Yeah. I ain't doing no more startups, dog. It's over for that. It's over for that.


Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin? Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners. There are nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you. Visit hu.gov/make home the go President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide.


And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris. candidate for president and I approve this message. Paid. for by Harris. for President. All right guys, it's time for our last segment of the day and it's q and a where we answer some of the fans' questions. Alright. Sheldon Poste says Swish. What's the difference between playing with Mellow and Denver, New York, LeBron and Cleveland la.


And how did you have to adjust your game to playing with them? Easiest answer with Melo. I had to, I had to go get my shots. I had to go shot hunting and LeBron, I had to just wait and it was gonna come to the shots was gonna come for sure. So for me, the biggest difference is having going from a go-getter mentality to being patient like that. Why said name, name a movie that wish Unc and OCHO could have played in Name, a movie we all could have played in.


Hey, Harlem. Harlem Nights. Harlem Nights. Yeah. Life. Oh life. Life would've been, that's a good one. Race. Say, Hey guys, kids. Do you, did you do anything bad rebellious that you totally got away with? No. Hell no. Mary and Barney Port didn't play that. I didn't get away with shit. Wait, what, what was the question? As kids, did you do anything bad or rebellious that you totally got away with? No sir. Today my mama birthday. She ain't playing 61.


She ain't playing at all. No, man, look here man. What do you think? I get the lack of patience from ocho. Oh, All that laugh. A tv. Hey, they didn't play that. The mo The mo. Hey I like I said, oh Joe, I can't let like people from the north, I don't really know, but I'm talking about people from the south. If you from the south, you know exactly what I'm talking about. All people ain't do that noise, all that running, all that Kiki keying.


Right? Oh no. & a play that and being disrespectful talking like these. I see these kids talking back. Oh, I don't want that. What? Oh what? Yeah, your, your teeth be on the float. Yes. Boy, look here. See the thing is like them old people like my grandma, like, you know what? Ooh, I sure wish I was close to that boy. I sure slap him in his mouth and before you know it, she done walked up on you and w Yep. And you so old man. You so You better, better ain't Man, I can't wait to get grown.


I'm gonna leave. What? I can't wait for you to get grown either. That's exactly what they say. Hey, you can leave now. Think, think they ain't heard you shit. I can't wait for you to leave either. I'll call it diapers, I'll call 'em for you. Yeah, man. Them old people ain't play man. All that, all that kinda stuff that these kids get away with now. Oh no. Like I, you couldn't like stomp your feet, slam a slam a door, slam a door, suck your teeth. Oh boy. Look. Oh don't do that. Oh boy, boy. Well you know what? I wish I had so much.


Well a lot of my uncles will passed my Mme. But I wish my mom had my mom. I'm have my mom at one show and she'll tell you how my grandfather was that play all that. Keep not talking back and sucking your teeth or kissing your teeth was, oh no, Ain't Happening. Oh no sir. Like I said, I see these kids now and the way they be talking to they parents, I'm like, I'm like beat him. Let me start it for you. Why? Why? Let me give 'em two licks. Go ahead. You finish it up. Now the kids got, I think because parents today now switch, correct me if I'm wrong.


You, we all got kids. I think parents today wanna be friends, wanna be buddy buddies with their kids. Yeah. Instead of being a, instead of being a parent. Yeah. We not friends. You got friends down the street. Street because the One thing, and I told my kids this at a very young age and I think I've told you Ocho our dynamic won't ever change. I'm the parent, you the child. That's always gonna be our hundred percent. And so I'm not trying to be your friend. I'm not trying, I'm trying to teach you how to be an adult and the responsibilities that come along, I was like, I wouldn't ride y'all like this. If y'all were gonna stay 10 but 10 going to turn in hopefully 15 and 20 and then 30.


And then what? Because no matter how the child turns out good, bad or indifferent, who's getting blamed? The parent blame. Hundred percent. The child turns out good. He was raised right. She was raised right. A student prodigy. The parents did an unbelievable job. The kid turns out bad. I knew it. Yep. That's just the way it is. It's crazy because I, I've seen grown parents hold it like I've seen my parents at 35, 40 years old hold their composure 'cause something my grandfather said, so my grandmother would've said.


But now it's like kids can act out and the the immediate reactions, like he just expressing himself. Oh are you, you are allowed to have an expression. Oh no, no. I tell you how to feel. Yeah. I tell you how to feel. I tell you what the emotions that you should have and that ain't it at all. Well, you like, it's funny because I, I hear the, every time I hear the Bernie Mac skit, i, I crack up. He is like, you, you ever been hit so hard in the back of your teeth, click and it was like your parents and like he's like, shut the fuck up. Like the it was be gone. It's like bro, immediately it wasn't no thought.


It wasn't, no. I gotta another question. It wasn't no follow up, nothing. It was like whatever I was gonna do, I'm gonna erase that and figure out something else to get away from these people. 'cause they do not want me sitting right here right now. No, it's too, it's too friendly. It's way too friendly. I don't wanna be my, I don't wanna be your friend. And even like, even like my grandfather, my, my mom and them was grown, got kids. They ain't never, they ain't never bucked to my grandfather. They ain't never bucked to my mom. Even if he, Hey, we just eat it. They might be wrong. You just eat it and move on now. Oh. You know, he just, you know, I want them to express themselves.


I want him to have an opinion. Okay. Okay. You wonder why he had the school shooting that shit up? Yeah. And and and it always in trouble. Nah, we, we just come from a different era. We just have to accept. Okay. We just gotta accept now. Swish is a different time now bro. And it is what it is. Dab Smith said met a girl from, met a girl from my teammate. She invited me to her dorm room one night as I was picking her up Huck Hogan style. I jokingly said you are a little heavier though.


I don't know why I said it. Can I make it up to her? No. Hey don't come back for that bro. Now you can't play by a woman's weight. Why? No, no, no. You should Know. You should know better than that already. Yeah. But, but hey, but you, you should have been able to assess the situation earlier. Yeah. I mean you I can look at one. Okay. I can pick up. Yeah, keep one side, that one. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. How you gonna, how you gonna pick up and tell her? Oh you a little heavier than I thought. Yeah, But you assess that. You can look at it and tell I look at me. Okay. Up to about one eight. Now when I, the teacher I used to wear when I was, I when I was well yeah up to 200 I had you.


Good. Okay. Okay. That's a drop down now. Probably about 1 50, 1 50. Nah, nah, nah. You got 180 5 for sure. No, no, no. Hold on. Not holding her up. Hold her up like this. No, no. I can't hold her. No, I can't hold her. No, no. Hold On, hold on. Where you holding her right here? Or is she up here holding? No, no, no, no, no. Little low. You come by little low. You little low. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You too high. You got it too high. I ain't, no, I ain't no now ain't gonna lie. Ain't going on the shoulders, dog ain't on Ocho. No, no, no, no. Okay. I'm just, I'm just And you only got 30 seconds.


You got 30 seconds right there. That's, that's it. I gonna have to sit you down on the shoulders. Like I said, two 50, I mean back in the day I could hold 200. Right. I could hold 200 for about a minute or two. Right. As I done gotten older, the hip done got repaired. The back ain't as strong as it once was. Right. But I, you know, a two 50, well you ain't got but two ounce of body fat. You got that. No, but you have to understand holding dead weight is something, is something entirely different. Yeah. Yeah. Swish, I mean you active weight is d it pick it away because you gotta realize when you pick up a human arms hanging, legs hanging, it ain't like she can help me.


You got a baby boy, that thing. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's why I got, I got a like one 50. I might, I might, it all depends. If it's something brand new, I got 1 65 in me, brand new 1 65. Oh yeah, That's max. Yeah. Yeah that's Max. That's absolutely. What about the stallion? Meg might be like 1 75 1. Nah, nah, nah. Me and Meg cool. Nah, nah Meg, thank you for coming on Chase. Oh my bad. My bad, my bad. My bad. My bad. My bad, my bad. Damn bad. I just saying the size of the hottest. That's what Meg grew man. The hottest almost had me canceled. Nah man. Oh nah. I don't want no smoke dog.


Nah, nah, nah. Like what the like two, two back in the day. You know, see people look, they look at weight. I ain't say she could be two be five two and two 50. But if she's six foot tall than 2 56 1. Yeah. Hey man, I had a point guard. I played with dog. He had a sand dog. She ain't a lady unless she two 80. Yeah. See yeah, he, he's a point guard 6 1, 1 95 soaking wet. She ain't a lady unless she two 80. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Old joke like yeah, you know in college you had one so big, you know you had to just pick up one leg.


Yeah. You pick up one leg. You couldn't pick up both of up at a time. She's like, pick the other leg up. I'm like, baby, I'm about to this one down you BCU dog. Hold on now. Well you, you know what I'm saying? You, you can't pick both of them. You gotta choose one, one at a time, baby one at a time now. Come on now, work with me. That's good. See that's you. See you gotta understand what you're working with. Understand what you're working with baby. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Hey, that concludes our episode of Nightcap Man. Hey Switch. We gonna have a bald man. This was unbelievable man. We appreciate you joining us.


Y'all see who it is. This episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite up Shannon Sharpe, that's your favorite. 85 Liberty City's on bingo ring of Fame artery, pro bowler all pro. The legendary Chad Ochocinco Johnson, just call him Ocho. And the guy in your bottom right is a two time NBA champ. One of the great three point shooters Marks Smith of all time. That is JR Swish Smith. Thank you bro for joining us. Sir, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, sir, please make sure y'all hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And we thank you for counting. Please make sure you check out My Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock.


We're about, we're gonna be in about 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, we have it in stock and you can go order it online and we'll ship it right to your home. Please make sure you go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84. Our newest release dropped over the weekend. We dropped, I was held what I was well shirts. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Black Nightcap hoodies and popular and backed by popular demand. Stay with me now hoodies, excuse me. And of course our bestsellers, the Unc OCHO tees quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last and to show our appreciation, we're giving you guys an additional 15% off if you use the code Halloween 15.


The link is pin at the top of the chat and we're upping our giveaway. We're nine random people to, and if you make a merch perch between now and Halloween, using code Halloween 15, you'll get a signed Nightcap hat. Again, additional nine winners. If you purchase merch between now and Halloween, using Code Halloween 15, you'll get a signed Nightcap hat from me. The winners will be selected randomly and we'd like to thank our special and newest contributor, JR. Swish. Please go follow JR Jr on all platforms. He has a podcast called Par Par three and it's on all platforms.


That's at par three podcast and you can follow JR on all his platforms, his personal, his personal pages, his ig, his Instagram, his Facebook, and at par three podcast Swish. Thank you. We'll see you again on Monday, on next Wednesday. Ocho, you and I, back at this thing tomorrow. Appreciate y'all. Thank you guys for joining us. We're out. The. Volume.


Wanna buy a home but don't know where to begin? Let's make home to go. Hey, this is Draymond Green from the Draymond Green Show. The Office of Housing Counseling has you covered, offering free or low cost counseling service to help potential home buyers and current homeowners. There are nearly 4,000 housing counselors across the US are there to help you navigate your home buying journey every step of the way to learn more and to find a HUD certified housing counselor near you. Visit hud.gov/make home the goal.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than This. We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris. candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Hey. there it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.